
      -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
      =                                                               =
      -             WELCOME TO THE TWENTY-SECOND ISSUE OF             -
      =                                                               =
      -                        -=>PHANTASY<=-                         -
      =                                                               =
      -               A PUBLICATION AND NEWSLETTER OF                 -
      =                                                               =
      -                             THE                               -
      =                        INTERNATIONAL                          =
      -                         INFORMATION                           -
      =                          RETRIEVAL                            =
      -                            GUILD                              -
      =                                                               =
      -        Hacking,Phreaking,Anarchy,Survivalism,Commentary       -
      =                                                               =
      -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

        Volume Number Six - Issue Number Twenty-Two - Dated 04/01/95

               Editor is Mercenary : mercenary@iirg.com

         Phantasy Article Submissions: submit@iirg.com

                                   or VIA Snail-Mail to:

                                   The Mercenary/IIRG
                                   862 Farmington Avenue
                                   Suite 306
                                   Bristol,Ct 06010

           Phantasy Subscriptions:

          Please send all subsription requests to: subscribe@iirg.com

           IIRG World Headquarters BBS: The Rune Stone (iirg.com)
                                        14.4K HST Courier
                                        9600 V.32
                                        (2o3).832.8441 or 0.700.THE.IIRG
                                        NUP: cyberdeck

        Table of Discontents:

          [1] IIRG News Update
              By: Mercenary/IIRG
                  mercenary@iirg.com

          [2] Blitzkrieg BBS Returns
              By: Predat0r
                  predat0r@iirg.com

          [3] Check Games
              By: Dark Grif
                  dark.grif@iirg.com

          [4] Cellular Interception Techniques
              By: Thomas Icom/IIRG
                  thomas.icom@iirg.com

          [5] Department Store Scam
              By: Dark Grif
                  dark.grif@iirg.com

          [6] The Rumor Mill (Unconfirmed Rumors From the Underground)
              Edited By: Mercenary

              1. Touch Tone - Straight to Video Phreak Movie?
              2. Warning! - Media Smear Attempt
              3. Red Box Arrest of Bernie S.
              4. Bernie S. Update
              5. Ode to iXOM

          [7] Phantasy Book Reviews
              By: Thomas Icom/IIRG
                  thomas.icom@iirg.com

          [8] PHANTASY TIDBITS: News and Views of Interest

               1. Hong Kong Police Close Down 8 Internet Providers
               2. Computer Hackers Sentenced to Federal Prison
               3. Connix - The Connecticut Internet Exchange

          [9] Upcoming Conferences and Conventions

               1. DEF CON III Convention Update
               2. IIRG to Sponser CT 2600 Meetings
               3. IIRG FREE-NET - Shameless Begging

         [10] Listing of IIRG Distribution Sites

         [11] Listing of PHANTASY Distribution Sites

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

    OFFICIAL DISCLAIMER...

    All information in PHANTASY is from USER contributed material
    The Publishers and Editors of PHANTASY and THE IIRG disclaim
    any liability from any damages of any type that the reader or
    user of such information contained within this newsletter may encounter
    from the use of said information. All files are brought to you for
    entertainment purposes only! We also assume all information infringes
    no copyrights and hereby disclaim any liability.

    PHANTASY is (C) 1990 by The IIRG
    IIRG and INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION RETRIEVAL GUILD is (C) 1982

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 Section [1]: IIRG News Update
              By: Mercenary/IIRG
                  mercenary@iirg.com

                      //////    //////     ///////     ////////
                       //        //       //    //    //
                      //        //       ///////     //   ////
                     //        //       //    //    //     //
                  ////// *  //////  *  //     // * ///////// *
                 The International Information Retrieval Guild
                 ---------------------------------------------

   Well as usual, were behind in our publishing schedule once again.
  I'll blame events that have been beyond our control for the reason,
  and anyone that knows us personally will understand why.
   The group has finally gotten down to business and you should be hearing
  much more out of us shortly.
   For now, We'd like to inform you about the IIRG archive sites
  and projects we've put together for this year.
   Please read our shameless begging near the end of the issue,
  especially if your a Connecticut resident.

   -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-

   Hatebreeder has been working on getting the IIRG Web Site together.
  It still isn't 100%, but he tells me it's getting there.

      Check it out at:  http://necrox.nso.uchc.edu/iirgx\iirg.htm

   The IIRG also has a new anonymous FTP site at necrox.nso.uchc.edu
                      The IIRG files are in pub/iirg/
   This FTP site is also run by Hatebreeder for the IIRG and contains the
                    following IIRG files at this time.

  37706  IIRG#10.ZIP - The IIRG Hackers Acronym List Issue #10
  32035 IIRGACR9.ZIP - The IIRG Hackers Acronym List Issue #09
  71240 IIRGTJ01.ZIP - The IIRG Technical Journal Issue #1
 231912 IIRGTJ02.ZIP - The IIRG Technical Journal Issue #2
   9371 PHANTC01.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #01
  11669 PHANTC02.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #02
  11414 PHANTC03.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #03
  13034 PHANTC04.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #04
  12373 PHANTC05.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #05
  22138 PHANTC06.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #06
  22043 PHANTC07.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #07
  19081 PHANTC08.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #08
  11693 PHANTC09.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #09
  22198 PHANTC10.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #10
  18504 PHANTC11.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #11
  21417 PHANTC12.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #12
  26952 PHANTC13.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #13
  14853 PHANTC14.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #14
  23856 PHANTC15.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #15
  18975 PHANTC16.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #16
  22742 PHANTC17.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #17
  33410 PHANTC18.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #18
 289995 PHANTC19.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #19
 164769 PHANTC20.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #20
  17273 PHANTC21.ZIP - Phantasy Magazine Issue #21

  -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-

   The IIRG also has a Phantasy Archive via anonymous FTP site at l0pht.com
                 The Phantasy Issues are in pub/iirg/

  24971 Dec 28 00:03 phan01.01 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #01
  27050 Dec 28 00:03 phan01.02 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #02
  25251 Dec 28 00:03 phan01.03 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #03
  37567 Dec 28 00:03 phan02.04 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #04
  29898 Dec 28 00:03 phan02.05 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #05
  53818 Dec 28 00:03 phan03.06 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #06
  55005 Dec 28 00:03 phan03.07 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #07
  52131 Dec 28 00:03 phan03.08 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #08
  30583 Dec 28 00:03 phan03.09 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #09
  57443 Dec 28 00:03 phan03.10 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #10
  46618 Dec 28 00:03 phan03.11 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #11
  55637 Dec 28 00:03 phan03.12 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #12
  60305 Dec 28 00:03 phan03.13 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #13
  38957 Dec 28 00:03 phan03.14 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #14
  60575 Dec 28 00:03 phan03.15 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #15
  47844 Dec 28 00:03 phan03.16 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #16
  56248 Dec 28 00:03 phan03.17 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #17
  83753 Dec 28 00:03 phan03.18 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #18
  70226 Dec 28 00:03 phan04.19 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #19
 120363 Dec 28 00:03 phan04.20 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #20
  44483 Dec 28 00:03 phan05.21 - Phantasy Magazine Issue #21

  -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-

  Probably one of the most important developments for the IIRG has been
 our ability to finally return the Rune Stone to it's status of being
 a FREE BBS. We've added our own net address (iirg.com), and offer Internet
 e-mail to our users.

  Please feel free to apply at :

                             The Rune Stone BBS
        (2o3).832.8441            IIRG WHQ             o.(7oo).THE.IIRG
                               NUP: cyberdeck
                                IIRGnet WHQ
                                  iirg.com
                            HackerNet 666:2203/0

  The Rune Stone is a Private BBS for Supporters and Members of the I.I.R.G.
 Everyone is welcome to apply, (except Reporters and Law-Enforcement).
 But please note - our users will decide if you achieve access or not as
 they shall vote on you. Users under the age of 16 will be limited in access
 if accepted onto the system.
  We have one of the largest collections of Hack/Phreak Texts and Utilities
 in the country archived for our users. Obtain the Latest Issues of Phantasy
 and other IIRG files
  We offer free Internet E-mail to our users and an automated FTPmail file
 retrieval system. We also offer online CNA mail, utilizing the Pro-Phone
 CD collection as well as encrypted Secure mail.

           NO K-RaD eLiTE WaRez - ALL H/P! - NO Membership Fees -

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 Section [2]: Blitzkrieg BBS Returns
              Contact: Predat0r
                       predat0r@iirg.com


  I know many of you will remember the former Blitzkrieg BBS run by Predat0r.
 Well the system has returned and he's asked us to invite our readers to
 once again joim his system.
  We've also already added his system back on as an official Phantasy/IIRG
 release site. So be sure to give him a ring.

                                Blitzkrieg
                             (5o2).493.8345
                               Supra 14400
                             SysOp - Predat0r
                                 WWIV 4.23
                              NUP - Initium

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 Section [3]: Check Games
              By: Dark Grif
                  dark.grif@iirg.com

                                  ===========
                                  CHECK GAMES
                                  ===========
                                 By: Dark Grif

           TO THE DUMB IDIOT'S: WHAT IS CHECK SYSTEMS AND TELECREDIT?
           ==========================================================

   CheckSystems is the U.S. wide computer that all F.D.I.C. insured
  banks use to check you out before allowing you to open an account.
  The way you get in Check Systems is by fucking up your account by
  oweing money and never paying it and forcing them to close, or by
  EXCESSIVE (usualy more than 25) check bouncing activity. If you
  havent done any of this, youre not in C.S. and you can open
  an account anywhere.

    HOW TO GET OUT OF CHECK SYSTEMS IS EASY:

   1.  You must PAY OFF the account you fucked up.

  A> By going into the same bank and dealing with the manager
     directly. After you pay off your old account, (and sing your sad
     song how you fucked up in your youth, and you gotta job now and
     your on the up and up whatever) It is with in the managers power
     to erase you from C.S. just like that, So flirting is a plus and
     having about a $1000 bucks or so right there to open a new account
     with him is a shoe in.

  B> Find out the collection agency that is handling your fucked up
     account and tell them your ready to settle at 50-60cents on the
     dollar, they'll usually go for it, pending on how much you owe,
     they're not shy to take 20 cents on the dollar.
     This way will not get you out of C.S. but it will show as
     satisfied. Go seek out another back with a friendly manager and
     explain your fucked up situation and tell him how your on the up
     and up these days and show him a grand or few hundred your going to
     open a new account up with, and your in.

  C> Always remember that even if you never pay off your accounts and
     your in CheckSystems, A bank manager always has the power to say
      Fuck Check Systems, and hook you up anyway.

   TELECREDIT / TELECHECK is a credit bureau for checkwriters that
  most major department stores, supermarkets, and businesses use.
  There are others, this is the biggest. They are not 100% accurate,
  for the majority of the time when a vendor takes your check he goes
  to the machine and punches it in, it just checks to see if the
  account is valid/open then it gives you an approval #. Many think
  the approval is for the amount of the check, bullshit.. its only
  cause the CHECK NUMBER has not been used before and the account is
  not closed. Telecredit is linked to your drivers license number,
  not your checking account.

  Example situations:

   You are in May Co. department store, you have bounced a check to
  them before and never paid it. Your license # goes thru  May CO.
  computer first, before telecredit, then they catch it and fuck you.

   Now lets say you never bounced a check at May Co. and it comes up
  declined or call for authorization. This is Telecredit.
  Where ever it was that you bounced checks now you cant get shit at
  May CO. Yes, you can by smoothing talking before saying you dont
  have your id but you shop here all the time,  and say yo3u know your
  license # by hart and recite a VALID one out loud, and dont give em
  a chance to say no, as long as the license number is valid it will
  go thru .. it doesnt have to match the checking account name,
  because they dont and cant check, so you will get your shit from
  May Co that way, but thats not the point here...

  Telecredit is such a fucked up system that if you are even in it
 big time and the check your writting is for a small amout like $20
 bucks, it will go thru, Telecredit will allow it because the store
 you are in is paying extra for TeleCheck which is the same thing
 but it means that TeleCheck guarantees the check to the vendor
 which means if you bounce it, or even stop payment,TeleCheck buys
 it and now you owe TeleCheck. TeleCheck 99% always guarantees
 checks under $20.00, if over that usually a Call for Authorization
 will happen. (The are other companies that guarantee checks as
 well.)

  To get out of Telecredit is easy even if your in it for years if
 you start makeing a deal with them now to make payments like $25-50
 bucks a month, They will go for it and as you are paying them off
 they will guarrantee your checks at places they wouldnt before,
 because in a way you are building credit with telecredit and they
 are so fucked up for reasons unknown you get away with anything...
 What it comes down to is a craps shoot sometimes it go's othertimes
 your fucked.


  THE GAMES
  =========

   Now that you've met the players, (CheckSystems, & TeleCheck) now
  lets play a game.

  BULLOCKS  - MASTER SCAM

 * This pacticular scam is one of my own best kept secrets, and is
   now yours. Dont spread this info around and have every jack ass
   doing it. Keep it to yourself and only do it at a time of need.

  Requirements:
  =============

 A drivers license or state ID
 A checking account
 A creditcard
 No balls

  * To be done towards the end of the month, 10 days prior to make
    your monthly checking account statement.

  All Bullock department stores have vaults with up to $200,000 or
 more in them at times. This doesnt mean lets break in, what it
 means is when you buy something there with a check, (and it passes
 the Telechecks) that check is as good as cash to them.

  Go buy some peice of clothing for $400 by check. Now be SLY and
 grab another of the same peice of clothing and take it upstars or
 to any other register and buy it along with some other stuff from
 that department and pay with a creditcard.
 Return to the store in a few hours with one of the clothes and
 return it to the 1st clerk you paid by check to. Tell him whatever,
 it didnt work out, and ask if you can get your check back out of
 the register. He/her then will say "I'm sorry we cant do
 that, thats not our policy, we will have to give you cash.
 "You say ahh fuck shit motherfucker! oh ok, I guess thats ok.
 They'll have you sign a green return voucher and then they'll bring
 you the cash (or you might have to goto customer service, no big
 deal). OK GOTO another Bullocks on the other side of town and
 buy the SAME peice of clothing with a check from different
 checkbook of yours for the same exact amount PLUS $20, SO FIND
 SOMETHING THAT WILL COME OUT TO EXACTLY $20 AND BUY IT. NOW
 CASUALLY POST DATE THE CHECK A WEEK AHEAD, AND ADD A 'MEMO-FOR
 CREDIT.' (They wont catch either, if so say thats for your own
 personal track). Go have lunch and then return the clothes and get
 your money back the same way. Now Go home and stop payment
 on the 1st check you wrote. Go back to the 1st Bullocks right
 before closing time and return the clothes and other shit you
 bought on your creditcard , and have them recredit your account.
 You probably are going to get the same people that gave you the
 money the first time and theyre going to know you had already
 returned the same thing, so they are going to be suspicious.. So
 what, let them be.. tell em it didnt fit but he/she wanted it in
 another size, or tell em oh ya i bought the samething , im so
 stupid, whatever you say doesnt matter, you have done nothing wrong
 or illegal (They dont know about the stop payment, of course).
 Hang onto your orgrinal and new return credit reciepts.
 Your done, you just made $380.

  Whats going to happen. In a few days you will get a notice and/or
 call about your stop payment. you call back to the main credit
 office 800# not the local stores.You tell them you stopped payment
 on it because your check book got stolen (ya right)  and you
 already took care of it, repeat, "its already taken care of, I went
 into another Bullocks and took care of it on my creditcard, sorry
 for the incovenice" At this point they will say Ok thank you, or
 they'll want to know exactly what store and when and/or the reciept
 number of your card, give them the return credit receipt number and
 tell them a different store location that you didnt goto, this
 will keep em happy and stall em until the time you get your monthly
 checking account statement and checks back. Your TeleCheck standing
 has not been touched they havent done shit they think they got
 paid. Now they call and say whats going on?? And you say , 'What,
 I took care of this already I told you.... oh I'm sorry, im looking
 here at my checking statement and I paid by check not credit card,
 I got the check right here', give em the amount& number if they
 ask, and tell them your gonna fax or mail it out right
 away.(Mention that $20 return check fee you included, hehe] You
 Win. When they get that check the check is post dated to the time
 you said you paid it and it has that  check return fee and credit
 memo on it. At this point Bullocks will stop and say OK and destroy
 you stop payment check and its over.
 It will not make it on the desk of head security. Yes you did sign
 a voucher the second time you got your cash money back, and it can
 be traced back, but it wont...
 Unlike other department stores, Bullocks /Macys/Imagnim (and who
 knows whatelse) is not that kind of store, they gross about 1/2 a
 mil a day and dont worry much about being ripped off.
 REMEMBER you are dealing all this over the phone now and you are
 talking a good game. If the bullshit check did trace back to you,
 you still got that original credit card reciept (ACE IN THE ASS) to
 cause more confusion... "What the fuck are you guys talking about
 I got charged on my creditcard and check for the samething,
 bullshit!" {No one or no cons buy the same shit three times...}

 -A note from GRIF-

  Trust me Ive done this a few times already for different amounts
 even higher than $1000 (Armani suits) , and I have never has the
 pleaseure of being questioned or nothing... That second check
 showing up is the ticket! (Never mind the store registers# on the
 back, that doesnt mean shit and is not bothered with at Bullocks,
 wash them out if you like.)
  I just like to cover all the bases. The key to a con is that if you
 look like you have money and buy stuff that cost money your are to
 be less doubted than going for the petty cheep shit...
 A respectable rich customer is always right, especially in the L.A.
 area where they are always dealing with people with alot of money
 and alot of  problems. The studio rap always works for returns, but
 they are sick of hearing that one. Just keep in mind the felony
 factor of over $450 and that they keep all your returns in their
 computer, and if you have more than seven they have to mail you a
 check.. sometimes this works out better...
 Ive got more BULLOCKS SCAMS TO TELL, and I will after I get paid a
 little mo off them. I will also share other store scams as well...

 Now here's another game:


   BEAT THE BANK - INSTANT LOANS
   =============   =============

 A basic scam.

 Requirements to play:

 A checking account.
 Another checking account of yours from a different bank.

    A plus
    ======

 A out of state checking account.
 Old closed account checks from someone or company other than
 yourself.

  Most banks ATM machines post the money you deposit thru them
 immedately rather than the next morning if you were to go in the
 bank and deposit. As long as you are in goodstanding with your
 account, you should be able to get all the money you deposit in,
 right back out in cash (up to $300 per day).

  Say you have a drug deal comming up and your short $500 bucks...
 Write a check for $600 from your (example) Citicorp account to you
 BofA account on Friday so BofA dont get it till monday. Deposit
 thru the ATM at BofA and get your 1st three hundred out, then wait
 until midnight and get you other 300. Now you have all night friday
 and all day saturday and sunday to turn your $600 over into
 whatever and put your $600 in Citibank early monday morning so your
 check clears. Need more time? Deposit a third bank check early
 monday morning to citibank, now you got another day... You need
 more time.. figure it out, a out of state check takes at least
 three working days before it gets there. There is nothing illegal
 about transfering funds from your own accounts, it just looks
 funny, but the ATMs dont have eyes. Shit.. the drug deal didnt go
 thru, the citibank check bounced, you owe BofA $600. You have upto
 a month to pay it all back before anything serious will happen
 (close account) even up to two months by pushing it talking
 sweet to THE RISK department of the bank, however they might
 terminate your ATM card just as the would if you deposited nothing
 to the machine, so dont fuck that up. What, you dont deal drugs?
 Goto Vegas for the weekend or your local poker casino's... VEGAS
 and GAMBLING SCAMS is comming up soon...

  BONUS TIP for the Forger
  ========================

  You found some old personal/company checks from a family member or
 friend or whatever, the account is closed.  Hopefully you will have
 some idea when the account was closed, so POST DATE the check back
 to when the account was open, and take it to your bank. When the
 check comes back to the bank ACCOUNT CLOSED, and the bank risk
 department gives you a call (if you didnt cover the check on time),
 tell them the truth, you founf an old check and thought it was
 good, this really screwed me up, I need time to pay it back...
 They'll understand.For a company check you dont even have to post
 date it, say  What, I just worked for the guy! That bastered, Im
 sorry , ill pay it right back but I need a little time...
  Post dating a closed company check and giving the old check I never
 cashed routine always looks even better than the personal check. If
 you got a old out of state company check, your styling...
 Dont do this old check scam often nor to the same bank twice,
 because after a few times the banks will make photocopies of the
 old checks and onced re-payed,they will mail you back the copy and
 keep the orignal one you forged, and thats not good, though nothing
 will ever happen because you did pay it back.

  LASTWORDS
  =========

  Dealing with banks is strickly a numbers game. There are many scams
 out there,and if you are good with math you can come up with some
 good ones of your own.If you cant add, maybe I'll share some more
 with you later.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 Section [4]: Cellular Interception Techniques
              By: Thomas Icom/IIRG
                  thomas.icom@iirg.com

I. Before We Begin

    In order to understand the techniques detailed in this article,
a basic knowledge of cellular telephony is required.  Instead of rehashing
what has already been written, those in need of the required education should
refer to a good g-file on cellular telephony. The ones written by Brian
Oblivion/RDT or Bootleg are recommended by the author; as well as Damien
Thorn's articles from _Nut's and Volts_ magazine, and the numerous articles
that have appeared in 2600.  They should be considered required reading at
this point.

II. Introduction

    The Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986 (ECPA) prohibits
the monitoring of cellular telephony communications; except for network
testing, equipment troubleshooting, interference tracking, or warrant-
sponsored surveillance.  It also mandates that the Federal Communications
Commission deny Part 15 certification (which is required to sell radio
equipment in this country) to "scanning receivers" which are "readily
modifiable" to receive cellular telephony communications and 800 Mhz. band
frequency converters.  This mandate does not apply to "test equipment"; as
technicians working in cellular industry obviously need the equipment to
troubleshoot problems.  Nor does it apply to the phones themselves, for
reasons which should be obvious.  Kits are also exempt from this mandate, as
Part 15 compliance is considered the responsibility of the builder.

    So far, the response of the courts have been mixed in regard to
enforcement of the ECPA.  In 1986, the U.S. Department of Justice stated that
they would not enforce the law, as doing so would be impossible.  This was
back in 1986 with an administration that does not exist any more.  The current
administration might be a little less enlightened in regard to freedom of the
airwaves.  (They certainly are in regard to some other freedoms.) Some judges
have held that since cellular telephony occurs over the airwaves, there is no
"reasonable expectation of privacy".  Others have maintained an opposite
viewpoint.  None of the judges with the former viewpoint have gone so far to
declare the ECPA null and void.

    From a practical standpoint, despite whatever laws may be on the books, if
it goes out over the airwaves one might as well shout it from a rooftop.
Successful interception of unencrypted cellular telephone or any other form of
radio communications is undetectable and requires only a basic level of
technical expertise.

III. A Realistic Appraisal of Cellular Phone Security

    It should go without saying that any unencrypted RF transmission is
naturally unsecured, ECPA notwithstanding.  With that in mind, even though
your cellular phone conversation is being sent out for anyone to intercept and
listen to, there are a few other factors.

    The design of the cellular phone system doesn't give it half the range of
the old IMTS system.  The old IMTS system had a maximum range of 50-75 miles;
whereas a cell site might have a absolute maximum 20 mile range in a rural
area where the cell sites aren't that close together.  In an urban area, a
cell site could have a range of LESS THAN ONE MILE.  The decreased range means
less potential listeners.

    The cell site is capable of adjusting it's power output and the power
output of a phone in relation to it's proximity to the cell site.  This can be
as low as 30 milliwatts.  What this means is that if one is close to a cell
site, their signal's range will be decreased.

    Scanners capable of 800 Mhz. reception are still considered "high-end"
pieces of equipment and therefore are generally purchased by serious
monitoring enthusiasts.  Among said enthusiasts, cellular is not considered a
popular listening item, as they feel that 90% of the communications are
"boring", and the continuous nature of cellular transmissions lock up
the scanner and make it worthless for listening to anything else.

    With 832 channels and many different conversations to choose from, a
quick, innocuous sounding call will probably go unnoticed among the drug
dealers, stockbrokers, and Verafone systems that inhabit the cellular
airwaves.

    All things considered, unless the phone's MIN is flagged for some reason
or the cell site being used is flagged, the chances that a given cellular will
be monitored is slim.  If the user keeps their calls short and avoids having
"interesting" conversations, potential listeners will either miss the
conversation all together, or monitor it briefly and go on to find a "less
boring" conversation.  If the phone's MIN is flagged, or the cell site being
used is flagged, then expect the conversation to be monitored.


IV. Usage Analysis

    Cellular phones are used by anyone who feels they need instant phone
communications despite their location, and can afford to have it.  While this
includes a lot of upper class housewifes, yuppies, and corporate executive
wannabes, there are some more interesting users.

    Political organizations make use of cellular phone communications.  The
Democrats made extensive use of cellular phones during their last national
convention.  On the other hand, the Republicans were smart and banned the use
of cellular phones in their national convention.

    Police agencies are another cellular user, using them on the assumption
that communications are a little more private than over their radio system.
The NYPD uses them for non-emergency communications in their Precinct-
Activated Response Program, and for their highway callboxes.

    The various departments of transportation and public works departments
also use cellular.  Their highway radio advisory systems operating on 530 and
1610 Khz. are often equipped with cellular phones for remote programming.

    Flea Market vendors are mating Verafone systems with cellular phones in
order to be able to validate credit card and check purchases while working a
show.  The Verafone systems are basically 300/1200 baud modems.

    Alarm system companies are mating alarm systems to cellular phones for
use as a secondary (or even primary in a remote area) means of communication
between the alarm system at the customer's site and the central station.

    Recently, the Metro-North commuter rail service in the New York City
metropolitan area started offering public phone service on their trains.
These phones use the cellular phone network.

    As one can see, the use of cellular phones has come a long way from some
yuppie calling his wife to say he'll be staying at the office late, and then
calling his mistress immediately afterwards to tell her what hotel to meet him
at.  Those who like to listen to real-life soap operas however will be
relieved to know that such conversations still occur over the free and open
airwaves despite all the other activity.

IV. Equipment Availability

    In addition to outrageously expensive pieces of surveillance equipment
sold to law enforcement agencies, (the Harris Corporation's "Triggerfish"
being a prime example) there exist other types of equipment which can be used
for interception of cellular telephony.  Even if such a specialized function
as tracking a specific MIN/ESN pair is required, the technical specifications
of the cellular phone network are publicly available so any competent
technician can design a piece of equipment to do the required job.  An
intercept station can be put together for about one-tenth the cost asked for
by "law enforcement suppliers".

    Despite the ECPA, receivers capable of receiving cellular still abound.
Readily modifiable scanning receivers made before the Part 15 revision are
grandfathered, and the existing stock may still be sold.  Since these units
are "high-end" models and priced accordingly; they are still on the shelf
waiting to be sold.

    The specific wording of the new FCC Part 15 Regulations denies
certification to "readily modifiable scanning receivers".  Some of the new
scanners put on the market since the Part 15 revision have been modifiable via
a hideously detailed and complicated procedure.  Apparently, a modification
involving the desoldering and re-soldering of multiple surface-mount devices
isn't considered "readily modifiable".  One manufacturer has taken a different
approach on their new models. The cellular frequencies are locked out via the
programming in the scanner's ROM, so no modification is available short of
burning a new ROM for the scanner.  There is however, a code sequence which
can be entered into the keypad that loads test frequencies into the scanner's
memory channels for diagnostic purposes.  Some of these test frequencies are
within the cellular phone band.  From there one can then tune above or below
the test frequencies and receive the entire cellular phone band.

    Obviously, cellular phones are exempt form this regulation.  Cellular
phones can usually be put into a diagnostic mode that turns them into a
standard receiver/transmitter in order to be more easily tested during the
troubleshooting/repairing process.  The Oki 900 and Oki 1150 (also known as
the AT&T 3730 and AT&T 4740 respectively), have software available for them
from Network Wizards that will enable it to track a specific MIN.

    MIN tracking can also be done with the CCS DDI (Digital Data Interpreter).
Current versions of the DDI are unable to read reverse control channel ESN
data in an attempt to prevent cellular phone fraud.  They will still however
read the forward control channel data.  When used with an older Icom R-
7000/7100 receiver, the DDI will automatically tune the Icom to follow the
conversation.

    Scanner frequency converter kits that enable non-800 Mhz. capable scanners
to receive the 800 Mhz. band (including cellular) are still being sold.  One
can also make an 800 Mhz. frequency converter out of old UHF TV tuner that
covers TV channels 70-83; which are now the 800 Mhz. band.

    The Optoelectronics R10 near field receiver is a device which looks for
nearby radio signals between 30 Mhz. and 2 Ghz. and automatically tunes them
in.  It will also display the received signal strength and frequency
deviation. It is classified by the FCC as a piece of test equipment. If one
were to get close enough to a cell site or a in use cellular phone, the R10
will lock in to the signals from the transmitter in question. If one is
monitoring a mobile unit which is handed off to another cell site, the R10 is
able to quickly reacquire the signal, as it is capable of searching through
it's entire 25 Mhz. to 2 Ghz. coverage in 2 seconds.  By adding the optional
bandpass filter and/or attaching an antenna tuned to the cellular frequency
range, the R10s effective range can be increased while also rejecting unwanted
signals from outside the cellular telephone band.

    Frequency counters are also a useful piece of equipment. After having
experimented with the Radio Shack unit, I have discovered that using the
supplied telescoping whip antenna it will lock on a 3 watt phone running with
a 5/8ths wave antenna from a range of 50 feet.  I'm sure the range could be
increased by using a bandpass filter, amplifier, and/or cellular antenna. The
Rolls Royce of frequency counters is the Optoelectronics Scout; which was
intended for SIGINT operations. Among other interesting features, it is
equipped with an OS456 interface and will automatically "reaction-tune" an
OS456-equipped receiver to the whatever frequency the Scout picks up, and can
send data on frequency acquisitions to a PC.

    A laptop or plamtop PC will also be needed if one desires to use the DDI
or Network Wizards Oki Kit.  One should also have a copy of Video Vindicator's
Cellular Manager software for reference purposes (converting frequencies to
channels, finding what voice channels correspond to what control channel, and
finding information about adjoining cell sites).

V. Interception Techniques

    The most common intercept technique is to program the upper and lower
limits of the cellular band into a scanner's search memories and use the
search function to go through all 832 channels.  With a scanner that searches
at 25 channels per second, a complete search would technically take 33.28
seconds; not counting time spent initially listening to communications to
determine if they contain relative content.  This technique is adequate for
highly-populated urban regions; where there are a large number of frequency
groups used for a given area.  In a lesser-urban, suburban, or rural area this
technique wastes too much time, as only a small fraction of the channels are
used.  It is also difficult with this technique to reacquire a target when it
is handed-off to another cell site.

    A better approach is to program the frequencies being used in the area of
operations into a scanner. Each control channel only handles 20 voice
channels. So, if one has 10 control channels in their area of operations
(equal to 10 cell sites in most areas), that's only 200 channels that have to
be monitored. This technique will cut down on the number of frequencies that
have to checked, and allow for more efficient coverage.

    Those techniques are generally used for non-specific monitoring.  Once an
"interesting" conversation is noted, the target can then be identified and
techniques designed to be aimed at a specific target can be employed.
Typically, the control channel is determined by noting the channel being used
by the target. Once the control channel is identified, the data stream can be
monitored which enables easier tracking of the target during handoffs and
easier acquisition of the target on the network.

    Target specific monitoring falls into two categories. The first is a
target with a known MIN. The second is a target which has been visually
acquired and noted to be using a cellular phone.

    Tracking a known specific MIN is generally a matter of having the right
equipment and being in the same general area as the target.  If the target
travels over a wide area, one will have increased difficulty with monitoring.
If such was the case then the surveillance technician would have to maintain
multiple listening posts in the various areas the target is known to frequent,
or in the case of court-approved activity monitor the target at the MTSO.  The
tool of choice would be an Oki phone with the appropriate software, or the DDI
unit hooked up to an older Icom R-7000/7100.

    If one is on a budget and knows the target's voice, one can also manually
scan through adjoining cell site frequencies until the conversation is
reacquired.  This will, however, result in losing part of the conversation.

    For a target that one has visual acquisition on, one can determine the
reverse channel frequency being used by means of a frequency counter. Once
that is accomplished, the rest is easy. The forward channel operates 45 Mhz.
above the reverse channel. As the target moves from cell site to cell site,
the frequency counter would indicate changes in operating frequency. The
ultimate would be an Optoelectronics Scout sending frequency information to a
PC which would then automatically tune two separate receivers to the forward
and reverse voice channels.

    Under normal circumstances, the forward voice channel will also repeat the
reverse voice channel audio (this is called talk-around or side-tone). If the
target is using a hands-free unit however there will be no talk-around so as
to avoid feedback. The result is that one will only hear half the
conversation; the landline talking to the mobile; on the forward voice
channel. This can be a problem if one's receiver has no reverse voice channel
monitoring capability, or if one is too far away from the target.

VI. Conclusion

    For the cost of a good VCR or TV, one can listen in on cellular phone
conversations and be able to track the phone's user as he goes about his/her
business. Yes, it is illegal. Then again so are certain types of sexual
activity, but I don't see that stopping anyone.  From a practical standpoint
the identification of perpetrators violating the cellular provisions of the
ECPA is virtually impossible.

   We all know that a law isn't going to stop people from listening to
radio communications.  Various totalitarian states have tried throughout
modern history with no success. Nevertheless, the retailers of cellular
telephone equipment continue to placate potential customers with the lie of
"No one can listen in. It's illegal." As a result, users of cellular phones
are misled into thinking their conversations are as secure as they would be
over their home phone. They then say things which open them up to
victimization by a very small minority of individuals who monitor cellular
communications in order to find potential marks. I don't see this ending
anytime soon.

    Some might argue that by providing this information I've clued in certain
miscreants who might go out and do just that.  This might be true, but I've
also clued in people who use cellular phones to the fact that what they say
over the air isn't private at all.

    If one wants to take the attitude that talking about something encourages
it, then perhaps we should pass a law banning the media from talking about
murders, drunk driving, and a whole other host of unpleasant things that we'd
like to discourage everybody from doing...I didn't think so.

    Thanks go to Bernie S. for his assistance with this article.

VII. References and Sources

1. Cellular Telephony" (g-file), By: Brian Oblivion/Restricted Data
                                 Transmissions (RDT)

2. "Cellular Secrets" (g-file), by Bootleg

    The above g-files should be available on any decent H/P system.

3. _Introducing Cellular Communications, The New Mobile Telephone System_,
    By: Stan Prentiss, TAB Books

4. Network Wizards, POB 343, Menlo Park, CA 94026

   Sells Oki Experimenters Kit.

5. CCS, POB 11191, Milwaukee, WI 53211

   Sells DDI (Digital Data Interpeter)

"You know your cellular phone conversations aren't private when you can pick
them up with any old TV."

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 Section [5]: Department Store Scam
              By: Dark Grif
                  dark.grif@iirg.com

                ========================================
                Department Store Scam - CASH IN THE BOX
                             By: DARK GRIF
                          dark.grif@iirg.com
                ========================================

To a vetran like myself this one may fall as top oldie, but to most of you it
will be a new idea to do this proven (by myself) method for quick cash, that
will always be effeictive for as long as your alive.

FOR: Wallmart's, Kmart's, Targets's, Price Clubs, stores of that callibur.

Requirements:
=============

One or two people (two or more reccomended) .
Gluestick
A little cash flow.
Little or no balls.

THE DIRTY PART
==============

One of you (the one with little balls) Enter the store,
look somewhat presentable, browse around the store and then
head over to the electronics/games department.
I use the Wallmart type stores because the have unattended
uncased electronics such as cd players,phones, faxes, and
sometimes nes/sega carts.
You can obviously do this with any other undisplaycased valueables.
Now by looking at the prices decide how much money you want/need and
pick that item or ITEMS. Take off any light pen security bar code
stripes of price tags, if any.
Now goto home appliances a find a big tupperware box and carefully
open it up. Obviously any big box with extra space in it will do,
but im telling you thoose pots work best, the toy department has
some good ones too.  Now it is your choice to either bring the big
box and the items to a neutral isle or onr to the other, then
QUICKLY shove the item box (s) in the big box and use the gluestick
to reseal if necessary. Next take your rigged big box back to its
original section and stash it behind the sameothers, or stash it
somewhere else in the store... The easy way to decide this is to
go with the flow of the store; observe whats going on and go with it,
blend in, become invisible. Leave the store, tell your partner(s)
where the box is and send them in to buy it.

***************************************************************************
TIP: Do not purchase the rigged box if you we're the one who rigged it, and
dont be seen with the one who does purchase it. If you remember this tip
you have won, no one can do shit to you they will not follow you if they
see you put shit in the box, you havent done shit! No one can legally bust
you for shoplifting unless you are outside the store with the merchandise!
***************************************************************************


THE OBVIOUS
============

You make dam sure you are not being WATCHED!
99% of the stores aboved mentioned have no survallance cameras,
because they're big cheap stores with no real exspensive items
that need that kind of security, so dont sweat it.
What you do need to look out for are:

1>Nosey customers.
2>Asshole employees.
3>Store detectives.

One and two takes no brains to aviod, here is some info on the dicks.
Every store has at least one, but no more than four. They are generally
small ugly people who couldnt hack it as a real cop.
They sometimes look down on you from top floor oneway mirrors which
they really cant see shit if you use your body to keep your back on them,
some newer stores dont even have thoose offices up there anymore.
The safe thing about boxin' quickly is that if you keep in your mind
the thought: 'Im just putting this stuff back, I dont want it' and make
it look like that, thats what it'll look like to a store detective or
anyone who might get a glimpse of it. But if your still sweating about
these dicks:

1> Study the clothing department of the store,
these queers get  their clothes there free as their
undercover uniforms.
2> They get on their hands and knees and look like their inspecting the
items they are supposedly going to buy when theyre actually looking
around peeking at suspicous people.
3>They have uncontrolable habits of constantly talking
to their fellow store employees.
4>Did I mention they're ugly? You'll never see a good looking pig.
5>THEY 99% OF THE TIME ARE DRINKING A SODA OR EATING CRAP,
they think they are blending in.

THE SCAM:
=========

1 - Once you successfully purchased your rigged box go back to the store
whenever and buy the same item(s) you stole and get your your first reciept.
2 - Return to the store in 5 minutes and return what you bought WITHOUT
your reciept. Goto the same prick you bought it from, give em some
bullshit like a family emergency came up I need my money back,
I dont know what happend I lost the reciept, I never got a reciept,
the wind blew it away, I need it to return stolen merchandise...
It doesnt matter the prick will remember you and you
WILL get you money back.

Repeat 1 & 2 as many times as you need to to generate more reciepts.

3 - Return stolen merchandise with reciept.

You win.

HINTS
=====

Return merchandise different days and times at different store locations.

Buy other items with the rigged box so it looks better
and when you return it you got a shot at grabbing the
reciept before they mark it so you can use it again
the next time you steal.

A couple (girlfriend-boyfriend) always looks better at purchasing.
Even a group of people works.

Act stoned. Many people can tell when someone is stoned, they'll
leave you alone.

If your still stressing over the detecive dicks,
go in one day act suspicious have one tail you so
you can describe him to your partners.

LEGAL
=====

If your just a idiot and someone or store detective sees you box
the shit up, they cant do SHIT to you, and they wont do shit,
they'll either wait for you to try and purchase it then bust you,
or if you leave they'll leave it alone and see if you or someone else
comes back, they WILL NOT GO AFTER YOU ONCE YOU LEAVE THE STORE WITH NOTHING,
THEY HAVE NOTHING ON YOU, YOU DID NOTHING WRONG EVEN ON CAMERA THEY CANT
TOUCH YOU. They WILL wait for you or someone else.
If /When someone else come in and the box is in the same department
where it should be, and you dont look like a thief, you would straight
out deny it and accuse them of whatever and get free shit, and you
WILL GET AWAY WITH IT. YOU WIN! Thats why you should always have someone
else go in and purchase it, but hey if your slick, you can do it yourself,
I do, MANY TIMES.

FINAL NOTE
==========

In America, You are not guilty of any kind of shoplifting untill you are
caught outside the store with the merchandise on you. They can see you
stuff whatever up your balls and they cant do shit until you leave the
store; seriously try it youll see. However if seen boxin' and purchasing,
they will bust you on the spot. A friend of mine got busted, the charge
was felony burglary (Over $450), he got it reduced to a misdemeanor
ticket for twice the amount of the merchandise, and that was the end of it,
big deal. The risk is minimal, if your desperate and you need quick cash,
there you go. Enjoy it, send me 10% commission.

MORE SCAMS TO COME -  from DARK GRIF
any questions e-mail me, or write to the mag.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

    Section [6]: The Rumor Mill (Unconfirmed Rumors From the Underground)
                 Edited By: Mercenary
                            mercenary@iirg.com

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

There is supposedly a straight-to-video movie that deals with phone phreaks
coming out this year called "Touch Tone".

Here's the info we were given on it:

TOUCH TONE (R/1995/Straight to video)

This movie, set in 1984 Los Angeles, is a fictitious story about a group
of "phone phreaks" who use computers and telephones as tools for
recreation and revenge.  Kevin (Mike Vierland) is an angry 23-year-old
who puts together a unique compilation of computer whizzes, social outcasts,
and disgruntled average-Joes who use their talents to seek vengeance
upon their enemies in everyday life.  Mixed with true computer hacker
stories and imagery of the true "phone phreak" boom of the mid-1980s,
the film gives a touch of the past, while at the same time raises open
questions about the vulnerability of the information age of today.
A humorous, but nevertheless accurate tribute is given to the then-budding
phone sex industry, as well.  Brenda Malkin portrays Lisa, a young woman
working phone sex lines who helps Kevin and his cybergang wreak havoc
upon the infamous 976-numbers.  While the picture gives an accurate
portrayal of the scene surrounding 1980's "hacking/phreaking" groups,
it falls short in portraying relevance to today's "information superhighway."
The scene at the end, portraying all of the characters' lives a decade
later in 1994, is somewhat disappointing.  Most of the personalities
we get to know in the movie are shown in the present as common folks,
rid of the "phreaker" past they were associated with.  It would have been
much nicer to see a comparison between phreaking in the '80s and the '90s.
It's not as if the problem has gone away.

Rating:  3 out of 4 stars

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

From: THOMAS ICOM
Date: 01-04-95 (23:01)
                            WARNING
                       MEDIA SMEAR ATTEMPT

Earlier this evening, I was contacted by someone working with a Harry
Martin of WABC TV (Ch. 7) in New York City.  Apparently, Mr. Martin is
working on a story about "Internet Stalking", and desires to intereview
people who have done it.

Keeping in mind the recent media smear attack against the community with
The Discovery Channel's "Hack Attack" presentation, the IIRG and
Cybertek strongly advise everyone to NOT COOPERATE with WABC or any
other corporate/establishment media entity doing this or similar
stories.

The media has shown in the past that they will consistently smear the
H/P community. The Discovery Channel is but the latest incident. Those
of you who've been around for a while will probably remember recent
smear jobs done by Bridget McMannimon (Forbes), Joshua Quitner
(Newsday), Rodney Palmer (CBC/TBS), and others too numerous to mention.

The media has also always been out in the open regarding their
socialistic, totalitarian political leanings. You can be assured that
the story on "Internet Stalking" will come out in favor of increased
government control of the Internet.

In light of all this, I see no reason as to why the community should
make things any easier on them by cooperating with them. Those who feel
that they might be able to help the community by talking to them should
take a look at past attempts and think again. They have control of the
editing process, and can take any quote, however harmless, and use it
out of context. These people are not interested in the truth! They are
only interested in sensationalism and in promoting their totalitarian
political philosiphy. Watch the news sometime if you doubt this...

Don't aggravate things by helping these scum. Please re-post this
message elsewhere.

-Thomas Icom/IIRG/Cybertek/U.S. Militia
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

RED BOX ARREST of BERNIE S.

The Philadelphia Inqurier reports today (3/21/95) that an Edward Cummings
was arrested by the Haverford police for having a modified speed dialer,
and that he was allegedly cloning cell phones...

He and someone else were supposedly pouring over a chapter in The Whole Spy
Catalog, How to Locate and Tap Any Telephone, when he was first approached
by the police.

He is currently being held on $100,000 bail in the Delaware County Prison,
and the U.S. Secret Service is now investigating.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BERNIE S. UPDATE

 Several friends of Ed 'Bernie S.' Cummings have prepared this press
release due to the fact that a man is being held on $100,000.00 Bail for
possessing the right electronic components to trick a pay phone into giving
free telephone calls. His promotion of these devices is not against any law
in the land, however the Governements of Deleware County, Pennsylavania and
United States are acting as though their own laws do not matter to them.

Delaware County Pennsylvania, USA

 Ed Cummings, also known to many in cyberspace as Bernie S. was arrested
on March 13th, 1995 for 2 misdemeanors of possession, manufacture and sale
of a device to commit Telecommunications fraud charges. He is being held in
Delaware County Prison in lieu of $100,000.00 Bail. His story follows.

 On the evening of the 13th Bernie S. received a page from his mail drop.
Some people he knew from Florida had stopped in at his mail drop thinking
it was his address.  They were looking to purchase several 6.5 Mhz Crystals.
These crystals when used to replace the standard crystal in the RADIO SHACK
Hand Telephone dialer, and with some programming, produce tones that trick
pay phones into believing they have received coins.  These are commonly
referred to as 'red boxes' and got their name from an actual red box pulled
from a pay phone in the late seventies by some curious person.

 Ed Cummings met these people at a local 7-11 where he was to sell the
widely used electronic timing crystals for roughly $4 a piece.
The purchaser only had two twenty dollar bills and Ed Cummings no change.
Ed Cummings went into the 7-11 to get some change to make the transaction.
A police officer noticed a van parked in the parking lot of the 7-11 with
several African Americans inside.  As Ed was leaving the 7-11 he noticed
fifteen police cars pulling into the parking lot of the 7-11.

 Next thing he knew the police were asking him if they could rifle
through his car.  He said no.  Moments later as he was talking to a Detective
and noticed another police officer going through his car. He asked the officer
to stop.  They did not, in all the police confiscated a few hundred 6.5Mhz
crystals (which he resells for roughly $4 a piece) and a large box of 100
dialers.  The police told him they would get back to him,  and he could have
his electronics back if the contents of the bag were legal.  In the contents
of the seized items was one modified dialer, that a customer returned after
modification explaining that it did not work, a broken red box.

 The next day Ed 'Bernie S.' Cummings was over at a friend's house working on
their computer when eight to ten plain clothed armed men burst into the house
and ordered him and his friends to freeze.  They cuffed him and took him to a
holding cell.  There he was left without a blanket or jacket to
sleep with in the cold cell.

That evening the Secret Service had been called in when someone figured
out what the dialers and crystals would do when put together.  The
United States Secret Service found his home and entered it, while they were
questioning him.

The next morning at his arraignment he was finally told of the charges
he was being held upon. They were Two misdemeanor Charges of manufacture,
Distribution and Sale of devices of Telecommunications Fraud. and Two Unlawful
use of a computer charges. His bail was automatically set to $100,000.00
because Ed Cummings refused talk with the police without his attorney present.

The Secret Service presented to the judge a 9 page inventory of what
they had found in his home.   On that inventory there 14 computers. 2 printers.
Boxes of bios chips for the systems he worked with. Eprom burners which the
Federal Agents had labeled 'Cellular telephone chip reprogramming adapters'
Eproms are used in everything from Automobile computers to personal computers.
They also confiscated his toolbox of screw drivers, wire clippers and other
computer oriented tools he used for his consulting job.

The Judge dropped the Two unlawful use of a computer charges due to
the fact that the evidence was circumstantial and the county had no actual
evidence that Ed had ever used the computers in question.

As of 3/29/1995 Ed Cummings is still in Delaware County Prison
awaiting his trial.  His trial has not yet been scheduled and Ed will most
likely not raise the One Hundred Thousand Dollars needed to be released on
bail.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

An Ode to iXOM
--------------
Ed. Note: The following was provided to us by an anonymous user,
          we present it here for your enjoyment. Opposing viewpoints
          can be submitted to submit@iirg.com
          Minorly Edited.

                                  Ode to iXOM

                     Former criminal on the path of right,
                         out of mind and out of sight.
                 Deceive everyone, don't speak of your plight.
                  Concede to the FEDS, don't put up a fight.

                   You work for the federal government today,
                   but, oh, all the people you had to betray.
                     Your old hacker ethic fell into decay,
                  you plea-bargained all of your dignity away.

                  You broke the law, and you paid the price.
                  Arrested, convicted, and ruined for life.
              Cut a deal with the cops, now everything's nice,
                but Marigolds wither, come cold winter's ice.

          Why don't you tell your customers about your hacker past?
      Tell them how you stepped on those who helped you come up fast!
      Sold out to the boys in blue, you let them rape you in the ass!
            Good ol' R.P., a fucking NARC who should be gassed!

                    Let the facts be known about R.P.,
                   Let the veil of deception be torn,
                Let the ugly truth bear its hideous face,
                   so the seed of lies won't be born.

        You called my parents because others hacked into your line,
            but did you not do the same thing back in 1989?
         Now you play the role of those you used to hate so much,
          those vile anti-hacker cops, but now you act as such!

         With your false accusations you attempt to instill fear,
        but blaming me for someone else's actions? Fucking queer!
      Your back-stabbing and whining's not something I want to hear.
  The words that leave your shit-stained lips have fallen on deaf ears.

       And what about the DreamScriber, your former right hand man?
         Used him for his talents, you and Randy had him canned!
          Another fine example, how your business really works.
       Use people for what you need and then treat them like jerks!

          Deceiving all your patrons, and charging too much cash,
           you just rake the money in to buy your fucking hash.
          Supporting an addiction, like a craving, driving need.
        You must have your cannabis, so your clientele, you bleed.

         If only the general public knew about your darker side!
        The lying, cheating, stealing, drugs and ethical suicide!
        Selling out your former comrades, jumping o'er the fence!
         Your greed and self-indulgence led to moral decadence!

        I'm not afraid to tell the truth about you, R. P.,
      At least I'm not a fucking NARC who sold out all his friends.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 Section [7]: Phantasy Book Reviews
              By: Thomas Icom/IIRG
                  thomas.icom@iirg.com


                          The Ultimate Potato-Bazooka
                       Hair Spray Powered Vegetable Guns
                            (The $20.00 Good Time)

     What are commonly known as "spud shooters" or "potato guns" are quickly
climbing in popularity. These devices are made out of PVC pipe, use hair spray
as the propellant, and will launch a 3 ounce potato 200 years.  They are
inexpensively made from materials at your local hardware store and are great
fun.
     M&M Engineering's book goes into easy to understand detail on the
construction of five different potato gun variations, and provides valuable
information on theory, design, construction, propellant types, and safety
measures.
     This book is geared towards the beginner/non-techie. Those of you who
have already built one will probably find the information old-hat, but if
you've never built one this book offers some valuable information.
     If you're looking for an inexpensive thrill, you could do worse.  If
you're a statist, you'll read this book, think that both the author and I
should be institutionalized for suggesting such a thing, and also probably go
off on a crusade to ban PVC pipe and hair spray.  Du-ma-nhieu.

36pp, 5.5" x 8.5"
$9.95 + $4 s/h.
M&M Engineering
RR1 Box 2630
Arlington, VT 05250
(802)-375-9484


                         1995 Police Call Radio Guide

     By the time you read this, all Radio Shacks should have this new edition
on their shelves. At the time of this writing (December 1994) a few Radio
Shacks across the country had already gotten copies in. This is a long cry
from the mid 80's when Radio Shacks were continually out of this fine
reference work, and the new editions were released six months behind schedule.
I'm even more impressed with Radio Shack when one takes into consideration the
problems the FCC was having with their new database system.
     Police Call is a beginners guide to the world of VHF/UHF radio
monitoring, and a list of public safety license information for your region of
the country; derived directly from the FCC database.  It also contains
"unofficial" lists of aeronautical, railroad, and "non-sensitive" U.S.
Government frequencies, and an allocation list which tells you what service
(both public safety and non-public safety) is assigned to each frequency.
     When it comes to information on who is licensed to what frequency, I've
found Police Call to be extremely accurate. They have even started adding
specific information about frequency use. They lack the in-depth information
that frequency directories like Scanner Master provide, but it appears that
they are trying to catch-up. Recent editions have been including 10-code
information and precinct/troop coverage maps, and the 1995 edition has more
auxiliary information than previous editions
     Police Call is solely public safety listings (environmental conservation,
fire, local government, medical, police, highway maintenance, and special
emergency). Although the allocation list will tell you what type of service is
assigned to a non-public safety frequency.
     Police Call is great for doing a quick check on a frequency to see what
locality and agency is licensed to it. It's also great for compiling quick
lists of frequencies used by public safety agencies in your area.  Police Call
doesn't list unlicensed frequencies that are used for surveillance or other
covert activities, but by knowing what frequencies are already taken one can
then search through the "unused" ones to find more interesting activity.
     At $9.95, it costs a lot less than most other frequency directories.  For
VHF/UHF enthusiasts who are into public safety monitoring, it's an excellent
value. Beginners will find the information in the first chapter particularly
valuable.


              Hobbyist's Guide to COMINT Collection and Analysis
                                 by Tom Roach

     This book is an excellent how-to introduction to the world of
communications intelligence (COMINT). This self-published work goes into
detail on the equipment needed; where, when and how to listen; data analysis,
and using a personal computer for COMINT analysis.
     COMINT is the practice of gathering information of interest to you by
monitoring radio communications and analyzing their content so you can apply
it to your situation. Depending on your requirements, the signals can range
from international shortwave broadcasts to your local public safety agencies.
     The book's focus is more on strategic intelligence, rather than tactical
intelligence. The book is heavy on HF ("shortwave") communications
interception, particularly those originating from Russia and the former Soviet
republics; although it does talk about COMINT activities focused towards local
VHF/UHF public safety communications.
     This book is geared to the beginner and intermediate radio hobbyist, and
is a very easy read; especially considering the complex nature of COMINT
analysis.  I strongly recommend this book for anyone whose shortwave radio or
scanner usage goes beyond casual listening, and especially for those who are
looking to take full advantage of alternative news gathering techniques.

94 pp, 8.5" x 11"
$26 (includes Priority Mail Shipping)
Tom Roach
1330 Copper Peak Lane
San Jose, CA 95120-4271

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 Section [8] PHANTASY TIDBITS: News and Views of Interest

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

              Hong Kong Police Close Down 8 Internet Providers
              ------------------------------------------------
                                4-MAR-1995

 HONG KONG (Reuter) - Hong Kong police searching for computer hackers closed
down most of the colony's internet providers, cutting up to 10,000 people off
from the computer superhighway, industry sources said Sunday.

 Only one dedicated commercial gateway to the internet was left operating,
they said. A Hong Kong government spokesman confirmed the police commercial
crime bureau had raided eight providers in an investigation into hacking and
taken away equipment from at least two.

 The Hong Kong government's Office of Telecommunications Authority (OFTA)
said in a statement it had provided technical assistance to the police and
added it was conducting a separate investigation into whether some operators
had been providing non-licensed telecommunications services.

 Many users responded with fury to being cut off, posting angry complaints to
the plethora of computer bulletin boards operating in Hong Kong.

 Hong Kong's internet industry, considered the most advanced on-line market
in Asia, has been rocked in recent months by a price war following the entry of
the eight new operators onto the market. The colony has seen a surge in
internet use because of aggressive marketing campaigns by new operators.

 Industry sources said the raids had cut off between 8,000 and 10,000
individuals from the internet. They said at the last count there were 12
providers in Hong Kong, nine or 10 of them commercial operators as opposed to
university-operated gateways.

 An executive at Hong Kong SuperNet said he believed the company was the only
commercial operator holding a license.

    He said the company held a market share of about 80 percent and could not
see how the prices offered by the newcomers could be commercially viable.

    A technician at one of the new operators said the company had been awaiting
word from OFTA on whether internet providers needed a license requiring the
holder to pay a levy to Hong Kong Telecommunications Ltd, which holds the
international telephone communications monopoly in Hong Kong.

    "The requirements were not totally clear and appeared to have been written
before the internet came into being," he said.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               Computer Hackers Sentenced to Federal Prison

  Winston-Salem,NC - Two Computer Hackers have been sentenced to federal
 prison for a sccheme that defrauded long-distance telephone carriers of more
 than $28 million.
  Ivey James Lay, 29, and Frank Ronald Stanton, 22, were part of a ring that
 stole credit card numbers from MCI, where Lay was an employee, the government
 said.
  They pleaded guilty in January to charges of fraud and trafficking in
 unauthorized access devices. Lay was sentenced Friday to 3 years and two
 months in prison. Stanton was sentenced to one year.
  The credit-card numbers were used to charge long-distance calls, some
 overseas, to computer bulletin-board systems and computer chat lines.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                   CONNIX: THE CONNECTICUT INTERNET EXCHANGE

   The IIRG would like to take this space to inform Connecticut residents
  that they are no longer held hostage by over-priced and unscrupulous
  Internet providers. There is an alternative until we establish our
  FREE-NET project.
   If you want to get on the net, and you don't want to pay an arm and
  a leg - Give Connix a try, thier service is great and you won't find
  a better provider in the State.

         *****************************************************

   Connix provides a wide variety of Internet services for individuals,
   organizations, and businesses of any size. A full range of
   connectivity options and custom solutions are available from
   individual dialup accounts to fully installed, configured, and managed
   Internet connections.

 Membership Plans

   Connix has several membership plans and many additional services.
    Contact us if you have a special situation and we can develop a plan
   that is tailored to your needs.

  WITH EVERY ACCOUNT ...

   Every account includes shell and menu access to Connix, 5Mb of disk
   space, personal WWW, gopher, and ftp areas, a custom domain name, and
   full Internet access. All monthly fees are payable in advance.
   Connecticut residents please add 6% state sales tax.

  SLIP/PPP MEMBERSHIP

   $20/startup, $25/month minimum, $1/hour
   The SLIP/PPP membership adds direct IP access to the services included
   in the Plus account. The $25/month membership fee includes 20 hours of
   connect time per month with additional hours charged at $1/hour.
   You'll be assigned a single IP address from our pool of addresses.

  ADDITIONAL SERVICES

    The following services can be added to any Connix Membership plan:

          News/Mail via UUCP       $10/month
          News via NNTP            $10/month
          Additional Disk Space     $1/month/Mb
          Domain Name Services      call
          Group Discounts           call

 Custom Services

  GROUP MEMBERSHIPS

   Connix provides affordable access to groups such as small businesses,
   non-profit organizations, and classrooms. Contact us for more
   information about discounts for multiple memberships.

  INFORMATION PROVIDER SERVICES

   Connix can help you publish information on the Internet. We can create
   newsgroups, mailing lists, file archives, gopher, and Web services
   that will help you market your products and services. Call us to
   discuss your specific needs and we'll design a custom solution.

  INTERNET CONNECTION SERVICES

   Connix can help you establish your own Internet connection through us
   or through other Internet providers. Complete turnkey solutions
   include the configuration, installation and administration of Internet
   servers at your site or ours.

  OTHER SERVICES

   Consulting services are also available including:

     * TCP/IP network design and administration
     * TCP/IP programming and training
     * UNIX system programming and training
     * UNIX system administration

   Call 203-349-7059 to discuss your project or send email to

                           office@connix.com.

                          Connix
             The Connecticut Internet Exchange
              Connix is owned and operated by:
                  Caravela Software, Inc.
                    6 Way Rd., Suite 33
                Middlefield, CT  06457-3001
                        203-349-7059
                     office@connix.com

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 Section [9]: Upcoming Conferences and Conventions

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----

                DEF CON III Convention Update #1.20 (03.22.95)
              August 4-6th 1995 @ the Tropicana in Las Vegas

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XX      DEF CON III Initial Convention Announcement
XXXXXXXxxxxXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XX    DEF CON III Initial Convention Announcement
XXXXXXxxxxxxXXXXXX  X    X       DEF CON III Initial Convention Announcement
XXXXXxxxxxxxxXXXXXXX  X          DEF CON III Initial Convention Announcement
XXXXxxxxxxxxxxXXXX XXXXXXXXX     DEF CON III Initial Convention Announcement
XXXxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXX X      DEF CON III Initial Convention Announcement
XXxxxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXX  XX  X    DEF CON III Initial Convention Announcement
XXXxxxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXX          DEF CON III Initial Convention Announcement
XXXXxxxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXX X XX      DEF CON III Initial Convention Announcement
XXXXXxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXX  XX X    DEF CON III Initial Convention Announcement
XXXXXXxxxxxxXXXXXXXXX X          DEF CON III Initial Convention Announcement
XXXXXXXxxxxXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX       DEF CON III Initial Convention Announcement
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX X   DEF CON III Initial Convention Announcement

READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE
READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE

This is _not_ the professional sounding announcement.  Use that one to con
your boss / employers out of the cost of the trip.  The professional
announcement will be available on the FTP site and other more serious mailing
lists and news groups, etc.  This is the k-RaD kriminal shout out to all u
el1te hacker types that aren't in jail to attend 'da def con.  werd.

READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE
READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE & READ & DISTRIBUTE

What's this?  This is an initial announcement and invitation to DEF CON III,
a convention for the "underground" elements of the computer culture.  We try
to target the (Fill in your favorite word here): Hackers, Phreaks, Hammies,
Virii Coders, Programmers, Crackers, Cyberpunk Wannabees, Civil Liberties
Groups, CypherPunks, Futurists, Artists, Criminally Insane, Hearing Impaired.

WHO:   You know who you are, you shady characters.
WHAT:  A convention for you to meet, party, and listen to some speeches
       that you would normally never get to hear from some k-rad people.
WHEN:  August 4, 5, 6 - 1995 (Speaking on the 5th and 6th)
WHERE: Las Vegas, Nevada @ The Tropicana Hotel

So you heard about DEF CON II, and want to hit part III?  You heard about the
parties, the info discussed, the bizarre atmosphere of Las Vegas and want to
check it out in person?  You want to do weird shit _away_ from the hotel
where you can't get me in trouble?  Then you're just the person to attend!

Sure it's great to meet and party with fellow hackers, but besides that we
try to provide information and speakers in a forum that can't be found at
other conferences.  While there is an initial concern that this is just
another excuse for the evil hackers to party and wreak havoc, it's just
not the case.  People come to DEF CON for information and for making
contacts.  We strive to distinguish this convention from others in that
respect.  Plus this year we have official DEF CON GOONS(c) who will pummel
you until you pass out should you cause problems for other con.friendly
people!  Big Brother loves you!

What's been said (Only the good stuff will be quoted, of course)

  Stevyn - "What can eye say, it was intense! . . . the whole con just
     kicked ass!  I totally recommend you check out the next one."

  Gail Thackeray, Prosecutor, "It's partly an entertaining party, it's
     partly a fashion statement.  But it's mostly something about which the
     business world has no clue."

  Wendy Murdock, Boardwatch, "Def Con represents the tug-of-war that has
     always been present - people strive to get that which is just out of
     reach, aggravating governments and breaking rules in the process."

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

WHERE IT IS:

The Tropicana has rooms reserved for the convention.  Rooms are expensive.
They are even more expensive if you don't book under the convention.  If it
is to expensive for you, please see the section below on Las Vegas WWW sites
that can provide you with information on other nearby hotels that are cheaper.
Check-in is 3 pm, check-out time is 12 noon.  Remember there is an 8% sales
tax in Vegas.

               65$ Single or Double room, Midweek (Monday - Thursday)
               90$ Single or Double room, Weekend (Friday - Sunday)
               350$ One-Bedroom Suite (Call for Availability)

     The Tropicana, 3801 Las Vegas Blvd. So., Las Vegas, Nevada, 89109
          (702) 739-2581 or (800) 468-9494 or (702) 739-2448 (Fax)

Held in three conference rooms at the Tropicana hotel in Las Vegas, DEF CON
promises to be interesting.  The Tropicana has a huge pool (largest in the
world?  Anyway, lots of cool movies have been filmed with this pool in them)
and in August Vegas should be about 100(f) degrees at one in the morning.
What do you care?  You'll be wired on caffeine and not sleeping anyway.  There
are numerous attractions in town from the strip bars to the local COs in case
you seek distraction.

The Tropicana is located right on the "Strip" with the other three corners of
the street occupied by the MGM Grand (Largest hotel in the world), the
Excalibur, and the Luxor (The big sense-net pyramid).  If you can afford it
I totally recommend spending some extra time in town.. there are too many
cool things to do, especially if you have never visited.  Heck, last time I
got to rent and fire uzi's and MP-5 machine guns (OK, so you can do that for
cRacK in Los Angeles) see some strippers, and drink 1$ bottles of imported
beer.  What a place!  Now you know why I chose Vegas for a location.



                               SPECIAL EVENTS

This year there will be a number of special events going down, including:

[> Hacker Jeopardy       [> Spot the Fed Contest       [> Voice bridge
[> Giveaways             [> A Red Box Creation Contest [> A Video Room
[> Cool Video Shit       [> Scavenger Contest          [> Who knows?

                                   COSTS

The price of admission will be 30$ in advance (See the end of this
announcement the address to pre-register to) or 40$ at the door.  This will
include your goovie 24bit color name tag and a conference program.

Don't forget to factor in Hotel costs, (The more people you crash with, the
cheaper it is) gas, food, gambling, booze, strippers, bail, etc.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

                                   SPEAKERS

This is a partial list of speakers for this year.  More are being invited
or waiting to make plans.  As this list changes further announcements will
be made.  This should give you a flavor or what to expect, though.

[> Bruce Schneier, Author of "Applied Cryptography" and "" TOPIC: Will speak
   on issues surrounding cryptography, digital authentication, digital cash,
   and will answer questions from the audience.

[> John Perry Barlow

[> Winn Schwartau, Author of "Information Warfare" and "Terminal Compromise"
   is a consultant to government and the private sector regarding enterprise
   and national security concerns.  TOPICS: "Information Warfare, the year
   in review" (Comedic) and "Tempest Attack Videos."

[> Len Rose AKA Terminus
   After the legal fiasco Len faced years ago (as partially chronicled in
   "The Hacker Crackdown.") this will be his first chance to speak of his
   experiences without the threat of having his parole revoked.  TOPIC: To
   be decided later.

[> Chris Hall of Executive Protection will be demonstrating a fully
   equipped "A-Team" van, a fully loaded spy mobile with all types of cool
   interception and surveillance goodies.  Last year his talk included an
   overview of surveillance techniques.  TOPIC: To be decided later.

[> Theora, a veteran of DEF CON II, will be presenting another speech
   this year.  Topics to include security and anonymous activity on the
   net.  Last year she organized a round table discussion with Phillip
   Zimmermann and the Presence and focused on security issues of encryption
   and privacy expectations.  TOPIC:  Not revealed to me yet.  Doh!

[> Curtis Karnow, former federal prosecutor and attorney focusing on
   intellectual property litigation and computer law.  TOPIC: Agents in the
   telecommunications context, and "smart" software that we 'trust' to do the
   Right Thing.  The specific issue is legal liability and responsibility for
   the actions of intelligent agents, and then spinning off to chat about the
   liability for artificial intelligence generally.

[> Robert D. Steele, President of OPEN SOURCE SOLUTIONS, Inc.  A former Spy,
   Experienced Bureaucrat, Radical Visionary.  Tofflers call him the "rival
   store" to CIA.  Keynote Speaker at HOPE, Workshop at Hac-Tic '93.

[> The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) will cover current legal threats
   privacy and computer information networks.

Speakers will be talking Saturday and Sunday, and maybe Friday depending.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

                                 SPECIAL EVENTS

So you think you're so damn smart, eh?  Think your shit doesn't stink?
Right. Think you got one up on the Feds, huh?  Well, now's your chance to
prove it smarty-pants.   Winn Schwartau will take command and moderate.

                           ! A N N O U N C I N G !

                        H A C K E R   J E O P A R D Y

That's right.  You can now prove how smart you really are.  Get up on stage
and question a few answers, pile up the points  . . . and win big!

You know the game.  You know the rules.  Now all you have to do is have the
guts, get up on stage in front of your peers and the narks and show us all!

When?  After Dark Tangent's opening speech (which we're all really looking
forward to . . . [yawn]  HACKER JEOPARDY starts!

                         MIDNIGHT - DAY 1 of DEF CON (Friday)

If you wanna play . . . show up.  If you don't wanna play, show up.

There will be three rounds of three people.  Just like real. The winners of
each round will go into the Finals and the winner of that will win 25,000
units of some foreign currency!  From Dark Tangent himself!  Plus:

     - A T-shirt three sizes to small for the women.
     - No T-shirts for the men.
     - Silk jackets for everyone.
     - One Heineken per player per round at DT's expense.
     - Round trip directions to Hoover Dam.
     - Phiber Optik's home address.
     - Erik Bloodaxe's Blood Samples.
     - And more . . .

Contestants will be picked at random from a pool of those who want to play.
If you don't wanna play, don't enter the contest.  Only the elite survive!

FEDS:  If you get picked to play, and we ask you what your job is, YOU HAVE
TO TELL THE TRUTH!  If you don't, our custom Fed-O-Meter will detect your
lies and off to the casinos you go!

Potential categories for questions include:

- - Famous Busts  - Famous Narks  - UNIX Bugs  - Telco Tech  - "Hacking"
and beware of the killer daily double.  Bribing the judge is acceptable.

EMail your suggested questions and answers to winn at winn@infowar.com

So, in the inimitable words of Al Bundy . . .  LET'S ROCK!


                       3rd ANNUAL SPOT THE FED CONTEST
                         Spot the fed, win the shirt

"Like a paranoid version of pin the tail on the donkey, the favorite sport
at this gathering of computer hackers and phone phreaks seems to be hunting
down real and imagined telephone security and Federal and local law
enforcement authorities who the attendees are certain are tracking their
every move.. .. Of course, they may be right."  John Markhoff, NYT

Basically the contest goes like this:  If you see some shady MB (Men in
Black) earphone penny loafer sunglass wearing Clint Eastwood to live and
die in L.A. type lurking about, point him out.  Just get my attention and
claim out loud you think you have spotted a fed.  The people around at the
time will then (I bet) start to discuss the possibility of whether or not a
real fed has been spotted.  Once enough people have decided that a fed has
been spotted, and the Identified Fed (I.F.) has had a say, and informal vote
takes place, and if enough people think it's a true fed, or fed wanna-be,
or other nefarious style character, you win a "I spotted the fed!" shirt,
and the I.F. gets an "I am the fed!" shirt.

Note to the feds:  This is all in good fun, and if you survive unmolested
and undetected, but would still secretly like an "I am the fed!" shirt to
wear around the office or when booting in doors, please contact me when no
one is looking and I will take your order(s).  Just think of all the looks
of awe you'll generate at work wearing this shirt while you file away all
the paperwork you'll have to generate over this convention.  I won't turn in
any feds who contact me, they have to be spotted by others.


             TELEPHONE CONFERENCE BRIDGE (801-855-3326)

For DEF CON III there will be a dial in conference set up.  If you are
overseas, or just too poor to make it to the convention this year, you can
still get an idea of what is going on and participate.  One part of the voice
conference equipment will allow you to listen to the convention room
microphone, another will allow you to ask questions during the Q&A sections
of peoples speeches.  A general conversation area will be up so you can chat
with others at the convention, or just others dialed into the bridge.
Navigate through the voice mail maze and get free phone sex!  Impress others!

The Voice bridge is up now at 801-855-3326.  It has 5 analog ports, but in a
few weeks will have eight digital ports for better sound, etc.

                     SPOOAH DOOPAH RAFFLE GIVE AWAY!@#

Throughout the convention, between speakers and events there will be a raffle
giveaway in which if your number is drawn, you win the prize.  Last year's
giveaway included an ancient kaypro monochrome portable, a roll of Sprint
"security" tape, "Computer Warriors" evil anti-virus cartoon, a 240 meg IDE
HD, and other elite things.

>> All the prizes given away are donated by other convention goers, so if <<
>> you have any stuff to give away, please save and donate it to the con! <<

                       RED BOX BUILDING CONTEST

While we don't encourage or condone the use of toll fraud devices, we do
encourage creativity and expression of thought.  We combine these and come
up with a red box creating contest.  The final device doesn't have to
produce the real red box tones (can't have people getting arrested) BUT it
does have to produce some audible tones, any kind of tones.  This contest
is inspired by last year's give away of a red box "Big Red" that looked just
like a big pack of Big Red gum, but really was a red box.  Elite!  There was
also a little girl's doll that was a red box, but the switch for that one was
hidden under the dress and, well, it just wasn't given away.

Come up with unique ideas!  With just a Hallmark card and some spare time you
can create an elite 007 style tone generating device!  What will you win if
yours is chosen as the most k-rad besides the envy of fellow hackers?  You'll
get a tee shirt and the cost of admission to the convention refunded PLUS
some as-of-yet undecided prize.  I bet you just can't wait to burn your
fingers with your soldering iron now!

                                THE VIDEO ROOM

In one of the rooms a LCD wall projector will be hooked up connected to a
VCR, and people can bring flicks to play.  Stuff like Max Headroom, War Games
etc.  You know, the cool cheesey stuff.  Also some "hacker" videos will be
shown.  If you have something you wanna show, bring it along.  When the
projector is needed in the main conference room it will be swiped for the
duration.

                                COOL VIDEO SHIT

At this time we are working to see if a T1 connection is possible.  If it is
there will be a cu-see me connection set up with multiple video cameras in
various locations.  Images will also be added automatically to a WWW page for
people to snag.  As all this works itself out there will be further
announcements.  No, there will be no "Hack our server" contests, and there
will be "Security Professionals" with "Diagnostic Tools" to "Correct" any
people who may cause the network problems.

                               SCAVENGER CONTEST

A scavenger contest is being planned.  The person or group with the most
number of items on the list wins the prize.  (Prize undetermined as of yet)
and there will be a few follow up prizes.  Don't forget to carry massive
amounts of water as you run about the concrete jungle, dehydration can
happen just crossing the street.  This is a contest for only the most k-rad.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

                             WHAT YOU CAN DO TO HELP

DEF CON III will be planned right up until the last minute, with problems
being fixed and new things being added all along.. a sort of work in progress
that you get to witness in person when you show up.  Hopefully it won't be
too messed up when presented to the public.  What can you do to help?

=> Please help generate questions for Hacker Jeopardy.  Come up with some
   questions and answers, and Winn will decide which ones to use.  Mail 'em
   to winn@infowar.com.

- -> We are looking for people to speak on Personnel Information Gathering and
   selling.  Hopefully a speaker (who could remain anonymous) in this area
   has experiences in gathering and selling such information.  If you know
   of such a person, please invite them to contact me or let them know we
   are looking for such speakers.

- -> We are looking for some people to submit artwork to be used in the
   convention someplace.  It could be a poster, or in the program.  Black
   and white art would be eligible for the program only.

- -> Articles and interesting FTP sites, WWW pages, mini FAQs, etc. are all
   wanted for the program.  Quality articles that are informative and apply
   to the theme of the convention.  Scanner frequency lists,


:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

                         MORE DEF CON INFORMATION

The World Wide Web Page is located at: http://www.defcon.org/

FTP Site: ftp.fc.net /pub/defcon

Mailing lists: mail majordomo@fc.net with the following statement in the body
of your message: subscribe dc-announce    This will set you up on the mailing
list and you will receive updated information, information on the other
mailing lists offered, etc.  I suggest joining the dc-stuff list just so you
can talk and plan with other people going to the con to coordinate rides,
sharing of rooms, etc.

Voice or Voice Mail: 0-700-826-4368 from a phone with AT&T LD.

E-Mail: defcon@ibm.net (The Dark Tangent)

Snail Mail: 2709 E. Madison #102, Seattle, WA, 98112

BBS System to call for info if you don't have net access:

Alliance Communications - +1 612 251 2511 - USRobotics HST DS 16800
                          NUP: New World Order

Voice Bridge Chat System: 801-855-3326

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

                    INFORMATION ABOUT LAS VEGAS

NEWS GROUPS

Please note the following newsgroups may or may not be designated for local
distribution (Distribution: Vegas and/or nv), and is intended for all
systems in the Las Vegas area or those interested in same on the same level
as the la, ca, ba, ny, nyc, and other similar local higherarchies:

vegas.bi                Talk for bisexually natured persons
vegas.config            Configuration discussions for the higherarchy
vegas.food              Anything about food in Las Vegas
vegas.for-sale          For Sale/Want ads (no commercials, please!)
vegas.general           General discussion
vegas.jobs              Jobs offered and wanted in Las Vegas
vegas.motss             MOTSS community talk
vegas.personals         Personal ads - any nature
vegas.singles           Talk for singles
vegas.test              Group to test post to

WWW PAGES about Las Vegas, Hotels, Things to do, etc.

HTTP://www.infi.net:80/vegas/online/
HTTP://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~iew/index.html
HTTP://www.best.com/~rdc/roger/vegas.html
HTTP://www.intermind.net/las.vegas.on-line/homepage.html

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

                                 STUFF TO BUY

Stuff is for sale from DEF CON I and II in case you are interested.  From the
first year we have audio tapes (4 90 minute tapes) for $20 and the second
year (10 90 minute tapes) for $30.  Descriptions of these tapes are below.

DEF CON I Tapes (4) include the following speakers:

Ray Kaplan, Curtis Karnow, Gail Thackeray, Dead Addict, Dark Druid, Judi Clark
Dan Farmer, and Dr. Mark Ludwig.

DEF CON II Tapes (10) include the following speakers:

Phillip Zimmermann : Keynote Speaker, PGP.
Gail Thackeray : Response to Mr. Zimmermann and Privacy issues.
Chris Hall : Electronic Surveillance.
Curtis Karnow : Recombinant Culture, Crime in the Digital Network.
Dr. Mark Ludwig : Virus Creation Awards and What to do when the Feds come.
Judi Clark, Mara, Fen and Marianne in a Round Table Discussion.
The Dark Knight : Hacking in the UK
Sara Gordon, Mark Aldrich, Phil Zimmermann: Internet and PGP privacy concerns.
Annaliza (Torquie) : The European Underground scene.
Mark Lottor : Various cellular topics.
Winn Schwartau : HERF guns, Van Eck, Information Warfare
Peter Beruk : The role of the SPA, general Q&A.
Padgett Peterson : Anti-Virus writing, Cleaning up other peoples messes.
The Jackal : A basic radio overview with Q&A.
Artimage : Underground spoof and give aways.
Stephen Dunifer : Radio Free Berkeley and pirate media.
Damien Thorn : Random Cell information from the late night tech talks.

SHIRTS are still available to buy.  The ones remaining are long sleeve white
with the choice of two styles.  Both styles have a three color logo on the
front (Red, Gray, Black) with "DEF CON".  The back is either a list of
strange grep key words and "inside" keywords with "Why?  Because I can." at
the top.  Back #2 is the same back as DEF CON I with the old and "new" 4
Amendment as stated by J.P. Barlow with "Protect your rights, Encrypt your
data..." at the top.  The back on this style is two colors.. black lettering
framed in light gray for better definition.  Shirts are $20.

SHIPPING : If you buy anything, please include 2.90 for priority shipping.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

                                LAST AND LEAST

OK!  Your almost ready to go.  Now here is an E-Z to follow checklist of
things you should take care of before throwing caution to the wind and
bailing out to the dangerous and sexy-wrong world of Las Vegas.  In the
words of one famous (and abused) phone system: "Sit up straight, PAY
ATTENTION, Listen to what your being told. (Now try again)"  (Whoever can
identify that phone system first gets in free)

                    StUPh 2 D0 b3fore the C0nvent1ion:

_  Check out inpho about Vegas so you know what you wanna do.
_  Get a hotel room or some crash pad.
_  Bring $40 for admission or pay $30 in advance.
_  Bring your PGP key on disk to key sign with others.
_  Bring Laptop, laplink, serial, and bizarre gender changer cables.
_  Bring things to donate for the give-away raffle.
_  Leave massively incriminating evidence at home.
_  Police scanners can provide hours of fun in Vegas.
_  Bring interesting videos to play in the video room.
_  Caffeine and snacks are fun to eat.
_  Don't forget any drugs or medication you may need.
_  You won't need saline for your contact lenses, you won't be sleeping.
_  Anything you promised your friends you would bring for them.
_  Join the mailing list and arrange rides or rooms with others in advance.

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

                                 MY PGP KEY

                       This is the unsigned version
        My signed version is available on the public key-servers

- -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.1

mQCNAy6v5H8AAAEEAJ7xUzvdRFMtJW3CLRs2yXL0BC9dBiB6+hAPgBVqSWbHWVIT
/5A38LPA4zqeGnGpmZjGev6rPeFEGxDfoV68voLOonRPcea9d/ow0Aq2V5I0nUrl
LKU7gi3TgEXvhUmk04hjr8Wpr92cTEx4cIlvAeyGkoirb+cihstEqldGqClNAAUR
tCZUaGUgRGFyayBUYW5nZW50IDxkdGFuZ2VudEBkZWZjb24ub3JnPg==
=ngNC
- -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

                      WHY IS THE ANNOUNCEMENT SIGNED?

Well, last year it came to my attention that some unknown person in
California had modified an announcement and was having people mail their
pre-registration money to them instead.  It was actually pretty funny.  Only
one person was fooled and lost 10$.  Not bad.  I knew something was up when
he said he had pre-registered for 10$ and had the receipt I had supposedly
mailed back.  I am never that organized!  To avoid potential problems like
this one please verify this announcement!@#  My key is available for
verification on public key servers, and my key-id is 46A8294D.  The
other key you will find on servers may be my older 1284bit key, which is
still good, but just not used to sign this text.

END ANNOUNCEMENT ------------------------------------------------------------

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: 2.6.2

iQCzAwUBL3Mj9LGddDV5azd9AQEK3QTvcz2rnvlyK6rPATzt8+Z7tz1LcdOcTvm2
T9LjS6f0bQ5c0/rad9wJM02GfiCkMndaTD443WEPLs7DFcx6JjGrcypIL7Al4ECa
aS0y98GpKxiXWcZCCAFd/kLLV1havwlRyiqxmHD7gdpYbBta0EgZSLRQKX7lwykI
5NIvh/94vf+ILTwzxQtG+HO2FN61VgF2fNQbOgjMl275ZZGAbjM=
=mWy2
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Starting in June, the IIRG will be sponsoring a Hartford Area
              __________    ___        _______     _______
             /\_______  \  /\  \      /\   _  \   /\   _  \
             \/ _____/\  \ \ \  \____ \ \  \\  \  \ \  \\  \
               /\   ______\ \ \   _  \ \ \  \\  \  \ \  \\  \
               \ \  \_____/_ \ \  \\  \ \ \  \\  \  \ \  \\  \
                \ \_________\ \ \______\ \ \______\  \ \______\
                 \/_________/  \/______/  \/______/   \/______/

                                 MEETING

     Interested Connecticut individuals should contact 2600@iirg.com


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                   //////    //////     ///////     ////////
                    //        //       //    //    //
                   //        //       ///////     //   ////
                  //        //       //    //    //     //
               ////// *  //////  *  //     // * ///////// *

   The IIRG needs your support to establish our full-time Internet
 hook-up. Connecticut needs a FREE-NET now!!
   We know many of you out there will have some of the older
 equipment we're looking for. Let us take that clutter off your hands
 so we can further our Internet project. Those providing equipment will
 be given special access to the system.


  Computers - 386 Motherboards, or 486 Motherboards or complete units
             (Working units only please...)

  Cases     - AT Cases (Tower or Desktop)

  Modems    - 9600 and aboves only

  Ethernet cards        - NE1000,NE2000, and compatibles

  CD-Rom Drives         - We know some of you got some old
                          single speed gathering dust before you
                          upgraded

  Peripherals           - Keyboards,Hard drives, working cards,
                          scanners,mice, old sound cards

  Monitors              - Mono,CGA,EGA,VGA,SVGA (Whatever)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
                Other Stuff We're always looking for...
------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Test Equipment        - Scopes,Meters,etc.. surprise us!

  Manuals               - Unix,Linux,Telco,etc....

  Software              - Whatever

  Whatever electronic   - Think we'd like to disassemble it
                          and watch the sparks fly, let us
                          know what you got.


Please just leave me e-mail us at iirg@iirg.com stating what you have or
are sending to us,

 Send All donations to:

                     Mercenary/IIRG
                     862 Farmington Avenue
                     Suite 306
                     Bristol,CT 06010


  PS - Anubis told me anyone sending anything from Plessey Peripherals
       would be shot on site.... (inside joke) :>

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 Section [10]: IIRG Distribution Sites
               (or Gateways to Oblivion)

                   //////    //////     ///////     ////////
                    //        //       //    //    //
                   //        //       ///////     //   ////
                  //        //       //    //    //     //
               ////// *  //////  *  //     // * /////////


    IIRG World HQ:           The Rune Stone BBS
                             14.4k HST
                             Phantasy's Home Board
                             Complete IIRG Archives 14000+ Files
                             (203)-832-8441
                             NUP: Cyberdeck

   IIRG Distribution Site 1: Deadcity
                             Sysop: RoughNeck
                             Australia
                             Criminal Intent HQ
                             +61-3-417-2060

   IIRG Distribution Site 2: Alliance BBS
                             (612)-251-8596
                             (Originally ASU Underground in Tempe AZ)
                             355+ mb H/P/A/UFO and others on CD-ROM
                             IIRG Distro Site

   IIRG Distribution Site 3: Unauthorised Access Uk
                             Online 10.00pm-7.00am GMT
                             +44-(0)636-708063
                             3oo/12oo/24oo/96oo/14.4k HST
                             Established 1990
                             British Underground Guild WHQ
                             SysOp: Phantasm

   IIRG Distribution Site 4: The Black Lodge
                             LodgeNet Member Site
                             Sysop: The Brit
                             (5o8)-PRI-VATE

   IIRG Distribution Site 5: Kaotic Attractor
                             Sysop: Mr Wyzard
                             (5o8)-PRI-VATE

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

 Section [11]: Phantasy Distribution Sites

 Phantasy's Distribution Site's are continually changing,we apologize if you
 called a board and didn't find the Mag. Network Distribution Sites will
 have the Issues first, we suggest calling one of them if a problem does
 arise.


  1. Lightning Systems
     (414) 363-4282
     200 Million Bytes OnLine
     USRobotics Dual Standard HST/V.32bis
     2400 thru 14.4k v.32bis/HST

  2. The Works BBS
     Waffle Net v1.65
     [617]/861-8976
     3/12/24/96/14400b 7dy/24hr N,8,1
     Lexington, MA
     200 Megabytes of Storage
     99.44% pure textfiles
     Remote cDc Node (Very remote)


  3.

  oooo    .oooo.              oooo            .
  `888   d8P'`Y8b             `888          .o8
   888  888    888 oo.ooooo.   888 .oo.   .o888oo     ftp://ftp.l0pht.com
   888  888    888  888' `88b  888P"Y88b    888               or
   888  888    888  888   888  888   888    888       www://www.l0pht.com
   888  `88b  d88'  888   888  888   888    888 .
  o888o  `Y8bd8P'   888bod8P' o888o o888o   "888"             for
                    888
                   o888o                              Cult of the Dead Cow,
                                                    International Information
          H e a v y   I n d u s t r i e s             Retrieval Guild, and
                                                     Black Crawling Systems
      "Growing machines to feed your dreams."               Archives
   Login as 'bbs' to access the LHI InfoXchange.

  -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-

                Phantasy is also available on these systems,

           Ripco II BBS      The Hell Pit     Cybernetic Violence
          (312)-528-5020    (708)-459-7267      (514)-PRI-VATE

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
               PHANTASY(C) IIRG 1991,1992,1993,1994,1995
                        May Odin Guide Your Way!
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
       May You Be Feasting and Drinking in Valhalla For a Full Night
              Before the Christian God Knows You're Dead
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-


