
                         THE WATER COUNTER BUG
                        -----------------------
                         How To Get Free Water
                        -----------------------
                          2010 - by cyberinfo

This little file here will show you a bug in the water counter which
belongs to probably every household on this planet. With this bug you have
the ability to stop the counting of your water counter which means exactly 
you can run warm and cold water as much as you want without paying for it.

The bug was tested - and it *works perfectly*. This paper was written for
educational purposes only, it is not written to incite people to use this
information to do what is described in this paper - though i think that
the public has the right to know about the existence of this bug. I dont
know what this information will cause and if the industry has to develop a
new mechanism to count the water they sell with huge profits.

The manipulation of the water counter is also done without to destroy or
open the counter itself - also we will do it in a way it is hard to
detect up to no detection at all. To detect the exploit of the bug if you
have done it really good is only possible if the person who looks at the
water counter has the knowledge about this bug or forgot his glasses at
home if you know what i mean. (-; Also: this hardware experiment was done
with a special water counter - they are not all the same - but probably
for the rest of the others there are other tricks to get it done.

So lets get started - how is it done you may ask now? So first i will
give you an ASCII picture of the water counter as a small illustration for
a better imagination with the description of some details:


          .-----------------------.
          [ 1)                    ]
          [     [00012.739]m.     ]
          [    2)                 ]
          [                       ]  1) transparent plastic screen
          [                       ]  2) the count of the used water
          [                       ]  3) a little wheel ( the bug )
          [      \|/              ]  4) a sticker with a date on it
          [     --o--    -----    ]
          [      /|\    ( 007 )   ]
          [         3)   -----4)  ]
          [                       ]
          "-----------------------"


So you can see our little ASCII art. 1) is the water counter itself, it is
often also round and is covered by a hard transparent plastic screen 2) is
the analog screen (counter) of the used water 3) is a little "useless" (-;
wheel on the outside of the water counter, it is behind the plastic screen
and this is the bug itself as will we see later, 4) a sticker with a date
on it - which shows to when the counter is authenticated or when the
authentication has started. Some other water counters often have even more
outside wheels which function as small analog counters also, i dont know
if you can use these wheels too to exploit the water counter - in this
case like said we will use wheel 3) which is our bug.

So now here is how it is really easy done with a few small steps. First we
remove the little sticker with the date on it and put it aside with the
glue side on top because we will use it again on another place to hide the
manipulation of the water counter. Now we take a sewing needle and make a
very little hole in the sticker - and not on a random place - no, we make
the hole right into one of the numbers, so on black color because you will
not see the hole when you make it there. Here is the illustration for our
example zoomed in -- look above, "007" was our example date:


                          .--------------------.
         the sticker:    /   --     --  .-----  \
         (4)            (   //\\   //\\ "---+/   )
                        [  ((  )) ((  ))   //    ]
                        (   \\//   \\//   //     )  + = needle hole
                         \   --     --   --     /
                          "--------------------" 


As you can see, the " + " marks our very tiny sewing needle hole which is
made *into* the black ink of the number 7 (seven). Now we need a lighter
to heat the sewing needle on the top of it to the point where it glows a
bit red. And then while it is so hot we make carefully another tiny hole
into the transparent plastic screen above the little wheel (3), look here:


                        -    -
         the wheel:     \\  //
         (3)             \\// +
                      ====()====
                         //\\
                        //  \\     + = tiny hole in the plastic
                        -    -


Just use the tip of the glowing sewing needle to make the hole in the
transparent plastic then it will be as tiny as we want it to be. Now take
the sticker with the date on it up again and place it that both tiny holes
are above each other and that the sticker sits optically perfectly. So far
so good. Now our manipulated water counter looks something like this where
the wheel is:


                                       -   .-
                     manipulated:      \\ -----
                                        \( 007 )
                                     ====()----
                                        //\\
                                       //  \\ 
                                       -    -


And now comes the exploit itself, maybe you already can imagine what
follows. We now stick the thin needle carefully through the hole that it
will not become bigger till the needle is between two ( of the six ) small
plastic sticks of the wheel. And that is really all to do. Now when we
start using warm or cold water there is a quiet sound to hear like "klak 
klak" and you will hear it all the time because the inner mechanism of the
water counter has stopped counting our used water - due to the stop of the
outside plasitc wheel which we stopped rotating with the help of the
needle the inner gearwheels also stopped and that means: water for free as
long as the needle is inside the hole of course. So you can easy hide your
activities with just pulling out the needle - the hole is really just to
thin and small, if done right, to detect it.

So this is the end of the information. To totally end the manipulation to
completely hide what you have done you could change the transparent
plastic front of the water counter or just put a bit of superglue on the
hole in the plastic or destroy it and say it was by accident - nobody can
really proof what was going on. Sounds harsh and yes, sadly it is.

This file was written for educational purposes only - the writer of this
textfile is not responsible for your actions - remember that. You have the
right to copy this file to share the information included. ( Copyleft )

 -- written by cyberinfo
    in 2010



_EOF_
