 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
 
 
                                   presents
 
                                   Fuck You
 
 
                             Toxic Fucking File #45
 
                                      by
 
                       Bloody Motherfucking Afterbirth
 
                       Call whoever the fuck you want.
 
!^#@$%(^&#@&^%$@#&^*%$!(*&^#@#@!*&#^*@!$#^%(@!%$#&^!@#%^!%#@(*&^!@%#*&^!@%#
 
   I'm so fucking mad not even Slayer cheers me up.
   Enter to the realm of SATAN...
   Enter to the realm of FETUS...
   This may not be a typical file for a Toxin like myself, but who gives a
flying fuck at a rolling abortion anyfuckingway?  I hope you get sick and
puke and choke on your own goddamn vomit.
 
#*&@!$(*&#@$_(*@$)!@^#)(@!^#)*&@!%$(#@*)$^!&*@#^)@!~&~)(!@!@!#@&@!^#$@!#*@!
 
   Jim slept.
   But he did not sleep good.
   He was involved in a nightmare, a horribly terrifyingly real nightmare.
   And he fucking loved it.
   He was controlling the dream and trying his fuckingnest to scare the shit
out of himself.
   Then it happened.
   He saw a face the briefest of moments, then it was gone, and he was wide
awake.  There he lay beside his wife.
   "Damn bitch.  She's pregnant.  Probably not even your baby.  Fucking
whore."
   Where the hell did THAT thought come from?  Who gives a shit.  It was
probably right.  Sleazy bimbo's probably screwing everything with a dick,
two legs or four.
   That slut was fucking other men!
   Damn her!
   FUCK her!
   He slapped the shit out of the bitch, knocking her out of the bed and
into the floor.  She looked up, half asleep but fully terrified and in pain.
   "Wh--wha-why--Jim!!"
   "FUCK you!  You goddamn WHORE!  Who's the fucking bastard that got you
pregnant, slut?!?!!!"
   "You did Jim!!"
   "Calling me a fucking BASTARD?  You stupid cunt!  I'll make your loose
pussy pay for that shit!  You call me a bastard and then go out fucking
everybody that'll have you!"
   He jumped over the bed after her, picked her up and slammed her against
the wall, repeatedly.
   "Who's" <slam> "FUCKING" <slam> "BABY" <SLAM> "IS IT?!?!?!!!!!?!?!?"
   Blood began to run out of her mouth and nose.
   "Oh you're gonna start fucking BLEEDING on me now, is that it?  Well I'm
on to your damn bimbo shit, douche bag!!!"
   He punched her in the nose, grabbed her ears and slammed her face down
into his kneecap.  "How's THAT feel you self righteous FUCK?!?!!!??!???!?"
   He threw her onto the bed and ripped her gown off her.
   "Jim!  You'll hurt the baby!!!  Please stop!!!"
   "FUCK you BITCH!!!"
   He lunged for her and rammed his cock into her cunt.
   "I hope the fucking baby CHOKES on it!!"  He rammed her harder and
harder, she began to scream in pain, he was hurting her worse and worse.
   "You're awful fucking LOOSE!  Who you been fucking, those damned NIGGERS?
You like black cock bitch?  You don't like white prick?  You want a big
BLACK dick, is that it?  Well I'll give you a damn fuck you'll never forget,
you mucous dripping cunt wad."
   He reached over and grabbed the lamp from the bedstand.
   "This'll fucking light up your whole DAMN life you damn WHORE!"
   He shoved the lamp deep in her twat, the flesh ripping, blood beginning
to flow.  "How's it FEEL bitch? You like 'em BIG?  Is it BIG ENOUGH for you
NIGGER LOVER?!?!?!!!!?!?!?  Want MORE?  Fuck it BABY I'll give you all you
can take and more!"
   He slammed a fist into the vase, shoving it deeper and deeper.
   "You goddamned bimbo, want a fucking DILDO?  I'll give you a fucking
electric dildo you'll always remember."  He flipped the switch on the vase,
her body immediately went into convulsions, waves of electrocution coursing
through her body.  He cut off the switch.
   "Feel GOOOOOOD don't it cocksucker?  You don't even SUCK good cock!  I
had better head from you best friend!  Yeah you damned blind bitch!  I
fucked Rita every night for those two damned months you were in LA!  HA you
cunt licking lesbian!  You thought you were pulling some fucking shit on me
by fucking everybody, but I've been fucking your friends!  Fuck you!  I've
been fucking your goddamned SISTERS and I even fucked your MOM!  She's a
hell of a lot better fuck than YOU!"
   He flipped on the switch.
   She died.
   He dug his fingers into the flesh of her stomach, already turning cold.
   His nails, like claws, found their mark and began ripping the skin,
drawing blood, he tore away at her stomach area, digging deeper and still
deeper.
   He shoved both his hands down into the bloody, mutilated mass before him
and reached down deep for what he sought.
   He ripped the fetus from the womb, holding it high above his head.
   "Glory to Fetus!  Let this abortion prove my love for you my Lord!"
   He slammed the fetus to the floor and stomped on it, turning it into
nothing but a mass of bloody undeveloped flesh, picked it up and shoved it
down that fucking bitch's throat.
   He kissed her, kissed her dead lips hard, his tongue relishing the taste
of a bedroom abortion.
   After a long, long kiss, he rolled to the other side of the bloody bed,
closed his eyes, and went back to sleep.
 
*&$#^*#@!^#@!&^#@!&^$^!#)^(&$(*&@!#^$(@#%$()@!#^$%^@!#^$%)(!@$#^*@(#!$#$(&^
 
   Well I feel whole hell of a lot better after that.
   I think I like the damn thing.
   Think I'll write another one.  What the fuck...
   If you don't like the sexism racism vulgarity pornography profanity in
this FUCKing file, eat ass hairs, bitch.  Toxins aren't meant to be fucking
healthy, and damn't I'm a Toxin and damn proud of it.
 
   Fuck you.
 
(c)1990 Toxic Fucking Shock
 
