 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
                                   presents
 
                              A Man and His Love
 
                                      by
 
                              Bloody Afterbirth
                               Toxic File  #40
 
             Centre Of Eternity 615.552.5747  12/24 Baud  40 Megs
             Headquarters of Toxic Shock and The Esoteric Society
 
               Tudor Nightmare Village  615.928.6071  3/12 Baud
         Dissident's Favorite Hang-Out And All Around Damn Good Board
 
!*&@#^%$#^&@!*&@#^%$#^&@!*&@#^%$#^&@!*&@#^%$#^&@!*&@#^%$#^&@!*&@#^%$#^&@!*
 
     I got the idea for this story from a show I saw on TV..  I don't know
what the hell it's called, but it's a bunch college kids, basically, and
mainly black..  The episode I saw had Shakespeare appear to some dude in a
dream and tell him to write about what he loved the most..  Well, it sparked
an idea in my head, because I do have a certain 'fondness' for that which this
story is about..  Read on..  But keep this in mind..  What appears, is not
always what is.
 
*!@&^#$%^#@&*!@&^#$%^#@&*!@&^#$%^#@&*!@&^#$%^#@&*!@&^#$%^#@&*!@&^#$%^#@&*!
 
     He drew in a deep breath.  He licked his lips as the scent filled his
being, the finest smell in the world.  His hand shook ever so slightly as he
reached out, slowly, and gently caressed the love of his life.  So smooth..
Pleasing to the touch..  He inched his face closer to it, then brushed his
lips across it..
     Sweat beaded on his brow.  Ecstatic waves pounded his beach.  This was
the best he had ever had, and he had but caressed it.
     He pushed his nose up against it and inhaled again, a long, slow, deep
breath, bringing even more intense lust into his mind, his body, his soul.
     Untouched..Unmarred..Pure..Virgin..His body was tense with anticipation,
but he would NOT rush the moment.  He would relish every second, savor the
intakes of breath that brought the scent back, quake at every tender touch.
     He brought his fingers forward, slowly, their destination a far journey,
drawn out by love, lust, ecstasy.  His hands drew back quickly; it seemed so
very fragile..  Did he have the right, SHOULD he have the right, to break a
seal that had kept out all others before him?  He had to do it.  He must do
it.
     His mind made up, he forced his fingers to return to it.  His nose
followed, closer and closer, so he would not miss the fragrances when he
penetrated.
     His hands shook.
     As if moving through some unseen barrier, his fingers crept slowly to
where he most wanted them to be, to where he least wanted them to go.
     Contact!
     Shivers ran up and down his spine; it was almost too much for his
conscious mind to take!
     His fingers sought out their mark.  Forever his tremblinf fingers
searched, time stretching on and on, and at last they found it.
     He seperated them, and almost cried out as the scent intensified, a smell
too strong, not meant for a man's nostrils.
     Farther, farther..  And it opened for him, granting him a glimpse of the
one thing he truly loved in the world.  He shoved his face down into it,
moaning softly as the familiar yet alien scent floated to his eager nose,
tempting and taunting, oferring but not giving, drawing him closer yet keeping
him away.
     The smell gradually faded away, leaving his love, but enough lingering
behind to hold his mind in its power.
     But at last, with a long, shuddering sigh, the man shook off the intense
feelings, accustomed himself to the scent, and shuffled his new deck of
cards..
 
{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}{TS}
 
     Heh heh heh..HAHAHAHAHAHA..What appears to be is not always what is.
 
(c)Thirteenth Month, Thirty-Second Day, In The Nineteen Thousandth Millenium
Of Our Lord, Fetus The Fatal.  (Also known as Feb 03 1990)  Toxic Shock
 
                         The Known Followers Of Fetus
 
                              Bloody Afterbirth
                                 Fetal Juice
                               Gross Genitalia
 
 
