                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
                                    presents
 
                               Night of the Fetus
 
                                       by
 
                               Bloody Afterbirth
 
                                 Toxic File #5
 
       Centre of Eternity : 615.552.5747  3/24 Baud  40 Megs  Lotsa Files
            HQ of The Esoteric Society and sort of HQ of Toxic Shock
 
!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*
 
     Hail the Almighty!  Glory to Fetus!  It and we are one, we are the same,
Its thoughts are ours, and ours Its!  Only unto us are Its plans made known, for
we are the instruments of Its will.  Even before the once-mighty Coathanger
brought Fetus into existence, we were destined to be one with the Destroyer.
 
*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!
 
     It is night.  The Night of the Awakening has approached.  The cold December
air only adds to the excitement of those with knowledge of the Night's events,
yet to unfold.
     Huddled around a small black candle are five of the Chosen.  They have
prepared for this Night for many moons.  In the distance, the rolling gong of
the Town Clock tolls off twelve.  The Time is here.  The long awaited Moment has
finally come.
     The Five arise, and walk slowly around the candle, chanting the
incantations that will call forth the power of Fetus.  The gutteral chants grow
louder, the Five speed their pace.  A low rumbling is felt in the earth, a wind
blows, extinguishing the candle, and one of the Five utters a soft whisper.
     "Fetus...has...come."
 
     Dave hated winter.  Where he came from, it didn't snow this damn much, he
didn't know how to drive on these icy roads.  His wife, somehow, had fallen
asleep in the seat beside him, her snoring the only sound that interrupted the
silence of night.  Elaine...  Oh, she was so beautiful...  He was a lucky man to
have found such a woman.
     Whoa!  Something up ahead in the road, something moving!  Dave slammed on
his breaks, skidding the car down the icy roads, sliding even quicker towards
the thing he was trying to miss.
     It leaped onto the hood of his car!  Dave screamed, waking his wife, for on
his hood was a bloody and charred Fetus!  It slammed through the windshield and
clung to Elaine's face, ripping and tearing her flesh, gouging her eyes!  Dave's
foot hit the acclerator out of fear.  The fetus bit into Elaine's throat, her
blood flowing from down her mutilated face and mingling with the fetus'.
     Dave batted at the fetus with his arm, only to feel fangs bite deeply into
his hand.  Dave tried desperately to shake the gurgling mass off his hand, only
succeeding in helping It rip his fingers from his hand.  Dave screamed in pain,
his yelps of agony uniting with his wife's, a death choir shattering the night
with their cries for help.  The Fetus burrowed into Dave's midsection, digging
and rending at the flesh of his stomach, wallowing in the blood.  The car spun
out of control as Dave felt his insides being eaten.  Elaine began wildly
flailing at the air out of panic, her nails ripping Dave's face to shreds.
     The fetus came up through Dave's chest and hacked its way through Daves
abdomen.  The smell of feces filled the air as Dave's corpse lost muscle
control.
     The car flew off the road, driving on its own course, hell bent for
destruction, and slammed into a tree.  The car crumpled like a beer can,
exploding in a hellish ball of flame, sending body parts through the air to
litter the highway.
 
     Wilma smiled.  She felt the baby she carried within moving, thumping softly
on the walls of her womb.  She and Jim had wanted a child for so long, and it
was finally happening.  There marriage had been going downhill for the past
year, and it appeared that Wilma was destined to have only miscarriages.  This
would surely improve the relationship.  Indeed, Jim was already beginning to
treat her better, he showed much more affection, he truly seemed to care.
     She had a good feeling about the fetus in development...  The others had
felt weak from the beginning, they were never ACTIVE.  But this one, oh, it was
different from the rest.  It moved, it hungered.  It would live, of that she was
sure.
     Wilma walked from the kitchen, munching on a pickle, and sighed peacefully
when she saw that Jim had fallen asleep on the couch, watching TV.  She went to
turn off the TV, and covered her mate with a blanket, softly tucking him in.
     A sensation filled her bowels.  Uh-oh, time to go poo-poo.  The urge to
defecate had been promising to show itself all night, after all, they had had a
feast in celebration of her pregnancy.  Wilma walked to the bathroom, wondering
if she should flush, not wanting to awaken her husband.
     She straddled the cold porcelain throne, and with a grunt, pinched a foot
long loaf into the toilet.  Good, she was afraid all that food would give her
the unspeakable diarrhea.
     Ooops!  Spoke too soon.  Her next dump was a flood of liquids and solids,
oozing sloppily out of her anus, plopping into the already soupy mess below.
     Something was wrong.
     Her baby...She could no longer feel it...No!  NO!  NOT a miscarriage!  It
was impossible!  This couldn't be happening, not to her!  She stood, rectal
juices flowing down her thighs.  Slowly she turned, and looked into the toilet.
And there it was...  Floating in the bowl...  The small body of a fetus that had
not completed its growth cycle...
     Tears streamed down her face.  She could not take this.  The camel's back
was broken in two.  She turned and shuffled from the bathroom, crying softly in
complete bewilderment.  She made her way slowly to her bedroom and walked to the
window, looking down at the snow covered street, 30 stories below.  And stared
constantly at the street, even as it rushed seemingly upwards to her as she made
her way down to pavement...
     Jim came slowly to consciousness.  "Wha..?"  He mumbled many words in some
unknown language that must come from the land of Grog.  He looked around the
room, attempting to figure out just where exactly he was.
     There, a light.  Must be the bathroom.  Jim sleepily strode towards the
light, oh that wonderful guiding light.  His bowels ached, his bladder pounded
on his stomach.  He reached to turn on the light, not noticing that he cut off
the already on light.  He sat upon the drunk's best friend, and prepared to
empty himself of unwanted waste products.
     Jim jumped from the toilet, reaching between his legs to find the cause of
an intense pain!  He found only blood and a stub of what had been his manhood!
He panicked, not knowing what to do.  A thudding slop made him turn his head,
and he saw a fetus, holding his castration, and grinning evilly.
     He screamed in terror, and turned to run, tripping on his pants.  The fetus
rammed Jim's dick up his ass, and raked his claws down Jim's back and legs,
drawing blood and removing large amounts of flesh.
     Jim shrieked in pain, his muscles paralyzed by fear.  The fetus walked
slowly around to Jim's face, and kneeled down.  Jim smelled the juice of uterus,
mingled with the smell of defecation.  The fetus stuck a finger up Jim's nose,
lifting his head from the floor, and pulled Jim's body around so that his head
was now close to the toilet.
     It slammed Jim's head down into the toilet, holding it in the floating logs
and islands, bubbles of screams and suffocation filling the bowl, sounding like
so much gurgling.  Jim felt his head being sucked down the sewer as the fetus
flushed the toilet repeatedly, over and over, and a squeaky laugh was emitted
from the malignant miscarriage.
     The fetus grabbed a plunger and jumped onto Jim's head, forcing it down and
down into the toilet.  Over and over it shoved the plunger and the head farther
towards the sewer, stopping only when it heard the satsifying crunch of Jim's
cranium, finally giving way to the pressure and shattering.
 
     It was cold.  Very cold.  Mary had been on the streets for the past month,
living like the homeless.  Mark had kicked her out of his house, he did not want
a child, and she could not afford an abortion.  Oh, how she wished she would
just have a miscarriage.  Kids...all they do is ruin your life...  Mary went
around town, grumpily smacking children in their heads whenever she had the
chance.  How she wished she had a child...so she could beat it and molest it and
make its life pure hell.
     She felt the developing hellion punch softly at her stomach, and she rammed
fist into her midsection, hoping it would kill the little bastard.
     It punched back.
     "Oh, so it's a fucking boxing match you want, is it?  Fine you little
shit."  She slammed her fist again into the place where her baby was.
     It slammed its own fist into her bladder.  And not softly.  Warm urine
flower down her legs, pissing on her--- er, pissing her off.
     She was furious.  How could the damn thing possibly think it was big enough
to fight her?  She punched it twice, as hard as she could, wincing at the pain
it was causing her, but relishing the thought of how it would make the fetus
feel.
     It didn't hit her back this time...  It was still...  Maybe now she could
go take a nice shit and get rid of the unwanted growth...  No more kicking and
punching, no more of the "Feed Me Feed Me" shit.  Finally she had gotten rid of
it, she should have done this long ago...
     The clawed fist ripped through her skin, tearing the flesh.  Her screams
flooded her ears as the fetus tore its way out of her womb!  It pulled itself
free, and snapped the umbilical cord.  She ran, not knowing how to handle this,
but its claws held tightly to her breasts, shredding the flesh.
     She continued to run, screaming, and It clawed its way up her chest, taking
select bites of flesh on its way.  When it grabbed ahold of her ears and planted
a big kiss on her lips she slipped on the ice, and slid into a brick wall.
     The fetus flopped off of the crumpled and stunned body of the bitch that
had dared to try to kill It.
     "Mommy...I want to play...Do you want to play?  I know of a very funny game
we can play, mommy.  Its called...  KILL THE BITCH WITH THE OVARIES!"
     She yelled for help as the fetus kicked her in the side, breaking ribs.  It
jumped back onto her chest and began slicing, dicing, shredding and tearing away
at her flesh, digging its way through her upper body.
     She stood and tried to escape, but the Fetus had grabbed her legs, holding
her tight, biting away at the tendons in her legs and feet.
     "You know, Mommy...If you don't want to make babies...I can correct the
situation..."
     With that, the fetus reached its hand up between Mary's legs, groping about
inside her twat.  She let loose a howl of sheer horror as the fetus' fingers
closed upon the fallopian tubes and ripped her ovaries out.
     The fetus slung the ovaries into the wall, making a nice mess.  It jumped
on Mary's back, forcing her up against the bricks, her face in the ovary mush.
     "LICK it, bitch.  LICK IT or DIE!"
     Mary tongued the gooey mass of egg-producing glands, and slowly licked away
at it, occasionally whimpering for mercy...Apologizing...Bleeding...
     Fetus stuck its claws into Mary's back, and let gravity pull Its body
downward, slicing into her body and drawing more blood than she had left in her.
 
!#%&@$^*!#%&@$^*!#%&@$^*!#%&@$^*!#%&@$^*!#%&@$^*!#%&@$^*!#%&@$^*!#%&@$^*
 
     And so it was on the first Night, that evil Night when the power of Fetus
was summoned to wreak havoc upon the world.  The Chosen grew stronger as the
deaths grew more numerous.  Their message was heard, the doctrine of Fetus, and
all who heard were entranced.  Such wisdom, such knowledge...  The followers
grow in number...  Soon, Fetus shall overcome.  Choose your side.
 
!*@&#^$%!*@&#^$%!*@&#^$%!*@&#^$%!*@&#^$%!*@&#^$%!*@&#^$%!*@&#^$%!*@&#^$%
 
(c)1989 Toxic Shock
 
                             The Followers Of Fetus
 
                                  Fetal Juice
                               Bloody Afterbirth
                                Gross Genitalia
                               Twisted Testicles
                                 Tasty Abortion
 
 
