 
 
 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
 
                                   presents
 
                            Evolving Into Our Past
 
                                 an essay by
 
                              Bloody Afterbirth
                               Toxic File  #72
 
     Centre Of Eternity : 615.552.5747  12/24  40 Megs  750+ Files Online
                         Headquarters of Toxic Shock
 
            Demon Roach Underground : 806.794.4362  3/24  82 Megs
                               cDc base board.
 
                      Lunatic Labs : 213.655.0691  3/24
                               Very good board.
 
               Infinity Minus Two : 615.552.7879  3/12  3 Megs
 
____________________________________________________________________________
 
   This is nothing at all like what you are probably used to seeing from
Toxic Shock, but I thought I would take time out to make you little TV
Junkies out there fire up those synapses and work your small craniums a bit.
____________________________________________________________________________
 
 
   According to the theory of evolution, we began as single celled things
and have progressed steadily into our glorious present-day form.  And, while
this theory does account for our body shape and does, indeed, make perfect
sense, something about us does NOT make sense.
   The size of our brains and the power therein.
   Science estimates that we use only about 5 to 10 percent of our brain's
true capabilities.
   When was the last time you knew nature to use overkill?
   Scientists will tell you that everything in nature has a reasonable and
logical explanation, even if they have not yet discovered what that
explanation is.  They will also tell you that nature does not use overkill.
   Why are our brains the size they are?
   It would seem very obvious that our brains are designed to do much more
than we do with them today.  Science admits that they can do so.  
   Evolution does not mean intuition.  Possible futures are not considered
and planned for in natural evolution.  What this means is that nature did
not, millions of years ago, decide that we should have an extremely powerful
brain because at some point in the future we might learn to use it.
   On the contrary, by the theory of evolution, our brains should not have
been very powerful originally.  Their complexity and capabilities were
developed as they were needed.
   Why does science seem to think that we are evolving INTO our brains'
power?  Their own theories do not allow for any more than two possibilities
for why our brains can do what they can.
 
   1 - Evolution is a bunch of horseshit and our development is being
       planned and controlled by an outside influence.
 
   2 - At one time in our past, we used the full potential of our brains.
 
   The first possibility appeals to those with religious and metaphysical
interests...and also to those morbid few who consider us to be a laboratory
experiment for aliens from Mars.
   Science will immediately discount controlled "evolution" because humanity is very arrogant and does not like to think that it has been manipulated in any way.
   Christianity would obviously love to believe that evolution is all wrong
and that we have the brains because God gave them to us.  Of course, even
they cannot explain why he would give us something we don't use, unless it
was yet another plot of Satan.
   The alien-screamers that find us to be lab experiments could be on to
something, you know.  Consider it...look at the way we treat species that we
deem as 'lesser'.  The universe has existed for billions of years.  Life
would not develop on a single planet.  Other civilizations, other entire
species, could and should have developed.  Suppose they consider, rightly,
that we are a lesser species?  Suppose we are an intergalactic toy that a
manufacturer is trying to find the proper form for.  Or perhaps our form
changes with the desires of the marketplace on Crunon.
   Many metaphysical (and Native American) teachings would say that our
bodies were developed through controlled evolution by our spirits/souls,
guides, whatever.  Non-physical entities that wanted good bodies to
incarnate into.  That is the most logical of any argument for controlled
evolution, even though the existence of a non-physical reality is shunned by
science.
 
   The most logical and reasonable explanation of all for why our brains
"are the way they are" is that at one time in our past we were able to use
them to their full extent.
   Many ancient civilizations talk about even greater past civilizations.
All have heard of Atlantis, and most of Lemuria.  Supposedly once-great
empires whose technology surpassed that of our wildest dreams.  The
Egyptians do not claim to have built the Great Pyramid.  It was supposedly
built before they came along.  Some say it was built by Atlanteans when
their continent was being destroyed.  (And some also say they were destroyed
by nuclear explosions)
   Now, you may be laughing at the thought of any earlier civilization
having any problems at all with nuclear explosions, but there are
'manuscripts' we have found from archealogical digs (I forget where and what
civilization they come from) that describe exactly what a nuclear explosion
is like and does.  Exactly.  Science does not normally believe in prophecy
or seeing-the-future.  Could some primitive sheep-herder, in all his fear of
what's out there, describe the fusing of rock and the exact effects of
radiation poisoning?  The mushroom cloud?  Could he have been psychic and
seen what was to come?
   Science says no.  Science says he could only describe what he could have
seen or been told about.  Science says he could only have been told about it
if someone somewhere sometime had experienced it.
   Aliens telling us what happens when you play with atoms?  Not likely.
   Humans travelling back in time to tell a mountain man not to delve into
nuclear phsyics?  Less likely.
   At some time in the past, man must have had the experience of a nuclear
explosion.  (Come to think of it, this particular manuscript described a
small-scale war)  Our imagination is good, but how good would a sheep
herder's have been?  What are the chances of him guessing everything and
being entirely correct?  Even science would laugh at that chance.  Man would
have to have had nuclear power in order for this man to have been able to
write about an explosion.
   The Greeks had different "ages" of man...Gold, Silver, down to Iron.
Their concept of evolution is opposite of ours.  They felt we were once
absolutely great, but have been steadily going downhill.  By their stages,
we are the Iron Age of people, the worst to exist on the planet in it's
entire history, the last Age to exist on the planet.
   Environmentalists, Native Americans, and other such people who care about
the planet and life as a whole, would agree with the Greeks.  We're pretty
dispicable.
   But our moral state has nothing to do with this.  The Greeks felt we were
once more developed.  Our brains have capabilities undreamt of.  They would
not have such capabilites unless they were, at one time, in use.
   Perhaps the Ancient Greeks, the Hopi Indians, and others that discuss
civilizations greater than we can currently hope to be, are on to something.
   If we are to believe in the theory of evolution, we, at one time, were
able to use the full powers of our brain.  We would not have been given
something we could not use.  Something must have happened to destroy our
knowledge of how to use our very own brains.  We are just now beginning to
evolve back into an understanding of what we MUST have at one time been able
to use.
 
   What existed before?  What happened to it?
 
   Our technological advances increase logarithmically.  Perhaps we will
soon be at the same level that the prior civilizations were.
 
   Will history repeat itself?
 
   "Those who do not know history are doomed to repeat it."
 
   What do we know of our past?
 
   What can we guess about our future?
 
                 (c)July 1990  Bloody Afterbirth/Toxic Shock
 
 
 
 
