                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
                                   presents
 
                                   My Mind
 
                                      by
 
                              Bloody Afterbirth
 
                               Toxic File  #19
 
*&^%$#@!@#$%^&*&^%$#@!@#$%^&*&^%$#@!@#$%^&*&^%$#@!@#$%^&*&^%$#@!@#$%^&*
 
This file is a little, ah, 'different' from the others we've been doing.
Basically its an experiment, I wanted to see what I could do with a file of
this nature..  It's a little a weird, but what the hell...
 
!@#$%^&*&^%$#@!@#$%^&*&^%$#@!@#$%^&*&^%$#@!@#$%^&*&^%$#@!@#$%^&*&^%$#@!
 
     sweat.  i am drenched.  cold.  so cold.  the window is open.  wind blows
in.  beads of sweat freeze on my flesh.  i shake.  shadowy figures move around
me.  i cannot see them.  my eyes do not move.  i stare straight ahead.  the
wall is my friend.  laughter.  i hear they cruel laughter.  they do not like
me.  or maybe they will like me very much.  i try to rise.  my body does not
move.  it does not obey my mind.  my mind.  where is my mind?  i have lost my
mind.  colors.  for the first time i see a color.  red.  it spins in front of
my eyes.  black pulsating spots join the spinning globe of red.  more
laughter.  smell of rotting flesh.  i see my breath.  i try to focus.  my eyes
move finally.  i watch my breath as it goes away from my body.  an omen?  i do
not know.  i breath more.  i force myself to take a deep slow breath.  my body
begins to listen to my mind.  but where is my mind?
     i am floating.  i thought i was above my body since i was above my bed.
i look below and my body is not there.  i am my body.  but where is my mind?
i float to the cieling.  it is warmer here.  the sweat melts and is replaced
by more sweat.  i tremble, i think.  how can i think if i don't know where my
mind has gone?  my body is spinning.  just like the red in my eyes.  i spin.
around and around i spin.  i come close to the walls.  i am disoriented.
suddenly i float towards the window.  my feet go out.  it is so very cold
outside.  the shadows flit about me.  they poke me.  they laugh at me.
     laugh at me.  why do they laugh at me?  i see that i am nude.  where are
my clothes?  where is my mind?  they speak gibberish.  they make rude noises
and brush against me.  they pass through me.  i am afraid.  i am very afraid.
i float upwards into the sky.  my apartment is behind and below.  i go up and
up and up.  i am still spinning.  slowly.  the wind blows around me.  again my
sweat is frozen.  again i shake.  i try to control myself.  i want me to go
down.  down.  i start to go down and back.  my mind is in control again.  but
where is my mind?  the thought costs me control.  i lose control as i lose my
mind.  upwards into a blackness that rushes towards me like a wave.  a wave of
darkness.  a wave of fear.  a wave of cold.  a wave of
 
(c) 1989  Toxic Shock
 
