
"I love the taste of Puppy Spit.
                     ESPECIALLY AFTER IT LICKS ITS CUNT!!!"
                  -Tasty Abortion, commenting about his Chow-
 
 
            "I'm not touching it...Its fucking dripping and shit..."
 
 
            bip   bip   bip   bip   bip   bip   beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
            /\    /\    /\    /\    /\    /\    ____________________
           /  \  /  \  /  \  /  \  /  \  /  \  /                    
               \/    \/    \/    \/    \/    \/                     
                     "Oh no!  Doctor, the patient is dead!"
 
                      
242

ERROR
 
                        "I love the taste of Puppy Spit.
                     ESPECIALLY AFTER IT LICKS ITS CUNT!!!"
                  -Tasty Abortion, commenting about his Chow-
 
 
            "I'm not touching it...Its fucking dripping and shit..."
 
 
            bip   bip   bip   bip   bip   bip   beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
            /\    /\    /\    /\    /\    /\    ____________________
           /  \  /  \  /  \  /  \  /  \  /  \  /                    
               \/    \/    \/    \/    \/    \/                     
                     "Oh no!  Doctor, the patient is dead!"
 
                                   _        _
                                   ))      ((
                                  ((________))
                                   \        /
                                    \ \  / /
                                     \\__//
                                      \__/
                                       \/
 
                   "I speak for the fetuses.  We WANNA die!"
 
                      Yes!  It Is...The One...The Only...
 
 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
 
                                    presents
 
                             Fetus Got His Chainsaw
 
                                       by
 
                           Bloody Fucking Afterbirth
 
                                 Toxic File #11
 
Centre of Eternity, run by a Sinner For Eternity, King Diamond...
615.552.5747  3/24 Baud  40 Megs  Lotsa Files  HQ of The Esoteric Society
Hack Phreak Anarchy Sex Drugs Rock and Roll and everything else conceivable
and temp HQ for Toxic Shock until
 
Fucked In The Head BBS, run by Mr. Fucked In The Head himself,
Twisted Testicles.  12/24 Baud  Anarchy Related  HQ of Toxic Shock
comes up
 
WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA
(Oh SHIT!  He CHANGED the CHARACTERS!  ARGH!)
 
     1...2...Fetus is watching you...
     3...4...He hates you, you fucking whore...
     5...6...He rips off dicks...
     7...8...Successful childbirth he hates...
     9..10...He's coming back again!
 
AKKAW AKKAW AKKAW AKKAW AKKAW AKKAW AKKAW AKKAW AKKAW AKKAW AKKAW AKKAW
 
     Sandy was in K-Mart, shopping for a present for her husband Bob.  She
really shouldn't have been out, because she was several months pregnant, but she
so wanted to get Bob a present that she took the risk...  They got along very
well, their's was one of the rare marriages seemingly made in heaven, it was
perfect.  They had their problems, sure, but--
     thump-thump-thump
     A feeling of intense happiness flooded Sandy's being as she felt her baby
softly kicking around inside...The baby would really change her life...
     She rounded the corner, and walked slowly towards the power tool section.
Bob had been wanting a chainsaw (ah!) for a long time, and she had at last saved
up the money to buy him one.  The activity of the baby increased as she neared
the tools, maybe that was a sign!  Even the child liked her choice of presents!
     Sandy picked up a chainsaw and placed it in the basket.  It was more
expensive than she thought it would be, but it was well worth the extra money.
     She suddenly had the urge to go to the bathroom...Probably caused by the
baby kicking on her bladder.  Oh well, no bother, she was in no hurry.  She
wheeled the basket towards the lay-away department.
     "I wonder how one is supposed to lay-away things when noone is EVER in that
office?  Ho hum."  She reached inside the window and pushed the button that
unlocked the Lady's Room door, and went inside.
     As she squatted, carefully not touching the seat because those nasty poor
black women might have touched it, she felt the warmth of urine flowing out her,
listening passively at the tinkling sound below her.
     The baby squirmed around inside of her, this time she didn't enjoy it, it
was being violent!  It acted as if it was being strangled or something!  Sandy
tried to rise, to go get help, but some unseen force slammed her back down on
her fat ass.  An odd feeling welled up inside her, from her stomach, rushing
quickly up her throat, vomit!
     She dry retched...And again...Then a stream of bile erupted from her
throat.  Ohhh, the child is making me sick!  More dry retches...Then she retched
something solid!  SPLAT!  She looked up, and on the mirror was a FETUS, holding
to the glass, and looking at Its mother.  She tried to scream, but she only
threw up some more.  Retch after retch.
     The fetus dropped from the mirror and wallowed in the puddle of Chunky Soup
now on the floor, causing Sandy to shower him with some more of it.  It took a
drink, and belched.  She rose from her feet, and was slammed back down again,
this time her legs pulling from the socket, her ass going all the way down into
the toilet, the flesh around the leg sockets ripped, her blood rapidly escaping
her body, and she died.
     Fetus grinned, his lipless grin, and left the bathroom.  The chainsaw,
ahhh, and luckily they also sold gas for it.  Quickly Fetus made his way through
the store, equipping himself, yet keeping out of everyone's view.
 
     All the combatants at the latest Blue Light suddenly stopped as a dry voice
crackled over the PA system.
     "Attention K-Mart Shoppers!"  The lights went out.
     "We have REALLY appreciated your business..."  All the doors slammed and
locked.
     "...but we've had a BAD problem with SHOPLIFTING!  So I'm going to RECTIFY
the situation!"
     All screamed in terror, and a chainsaw was heard starting.
     "You can run but you can't hide 'cuz your fat asses are way to wide!"
     Everyone panicked, running wildly in all directions, trying desperately to
escape what the KNEW must be a mad rapist on the loose.  They ignored the blue
light that Fetus turned on, they ignored the sales pitch he was screaming into
the microphone.
     He ran through the store, ahhhh, a little kid!  Seeing Fetus the kid turned
and ran the other way, but Fetus leaped on his back, laughing evily as he ripped
the kid's ears off and swallowed them whole!  The kid screamed in pain and Fetus
slammed him to the ground.  Fetus kicked the boy in his head, sending more
screams for help through the air.
     "Awwww, does your HEAD hurt?  Lemme FIX that!"  Fetus slammed the blade of
the chainsaw down through the kid's head, amputating it in a huge spray of blood
and torn flesh.  Fetus laughed gleefully and began hopping up and down on
alternate legs, chopping and hacking at the body, mutilating it and drenching
the floor with diced meat and blood.
     Fetus flew through the air and into a stand of tampons as the boy's mother
rushed in and kicked the murderer of her son.  She fell to her knees and cried
over what was left of her boy.  "You...you...you KILLER!"
     The undeveloped Fetus thanked the woman and jumped to his feet, grinning
maliciously and waving the chainsaw like a sword.
     "Fuck you you slimy little...slimy...YYYYYYYYIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEE!"
The woman turned and ran as she suddenly noticed she was looking at a FETUS!
She didn't get far, as Fetus threw his chainsaw through the air, removing the
woman's legs from her torso.
     Our hero sauntered over and picked up the chainsaw, then walked before the
legless woman.  "That oughta cut you down to size!  HAHAHA!"  Fetus shoved the
tip of the blade right through the woman's chest, slung the chainsaw to the side
and burrowed into her chest cavity, digging and clawing, ripping and tearing,
eating away at her organs, then jumping up and down and causing what was left of
the corpse to hop down the aisles.
     "Help me!  Help me!  Won't someone help me?"
     A man rushed around a corner to aide the woman pleading for help, then shit
his pants as he saw a legless corpse with a hollow abdomen pleading for help.  A
small blood covered fetus leaped from the body and onto the man's head.
     He screamed, but was too petrified with fear to move.
     "He LOVES me!"  Fetus ripped out a handful of hair
     "He HATES me!"  And another handful
     "He LOVES me!"  The man ran off down an ailse as Fetus forced another chunk
of hair out of his head, this time taking some flesh with it.
     "He HATES me!"  And as Fetus ripped out the last of the man's hair, along
with all the flesh of his scalp, he headbutted the man, knocking him down face
first.  The man screamed in pain, trying desperately to flee from the mad thing
that was assaulting him and inflicted such agony.
     The man rose to his feet, and Fetus planted his foot in the man's groin.
     "And the kick is GOOD sports fans!"  Fetus pounced on the throat of the man
curled up before him, munching away as fast as he could, licking at the bony
ridge he had for lips, then shoved his fist up through the man's throat and
towards his brain, pulling out a handful of lumpy grey matter, and sucked it up
like spaghetti.
     Fetus walked off, licking his fingers tenderly, pulling off the last of the
juicy meat, when the wife of the man whose brains he was eating slid into the
aisle.
     "Oh you evil DEMON!  SATAN'S power shall NOT pervert MY thought!  I SHALL
OVERCOME because I BELIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEVE that I can!"
     Fetus jumped into the air and smacked the woman on her forhead, "Ye are
HEALED of thine AFFLICTION!"
     She pulled out a crucifix, a BIG one, "BACK ye DEVIL!  I CAST ye into the
ABYSS of HELL for your eternal PUNISHMENT!"
     "Your full of shit, bitch.  I think you need an enema."  Fetus shattered
the woman's knee caps, making her fall to the ground, her wide ass high in the
air.  Fetus picked up his chainsaw and revved the engine then plunged it DEEP up
the woman's ass, her screams bringing delight to his ears.  He worked it up and
down and side to side, reaming out the bitch's ass so much she could take a
telephone pole.  Fetus crawled up her now huge asshole and squirmed around,
peeling flesh off her organs and munching on them slowly, as the woman pulled
her mass of lard down the ailse, pleading for rescue from this abomination.
Fetus walked out of her asshole, and followed her down the aisle, laughing
maniacally.
     "Hey cow...  You look an awful lot like a beached whale!"  Fetus vaulted
onto her back and began strangling the woman.  "Is it HARD TO BREATHE?  Are your
lungs not USED TO SUCH A WEIGHT?!!?!?!?"  Fetus jumped up and down on the woman,
strangling her and bouncing, forcing all the air out of her but letting none
back in.  Her lungs were on fire, she pleaded silently for mercy, but Fetus only
kept jumping, digging his feet further and further into her back, until finally
she suffocated, not long before Fetus's incessant jumping snapped her spinal
column.
     Fetus ran through the store, ripping limbs off of all the children he could
find, heading towards the Garden center, scattering the crowds that were trying
to escape out the door there.  He found a lawnmower and started it up, driving
through the store in search for another victim.
     Vroom vrooooom!  A little KID!  The kid saw the Fetus Driven Lawn Mower and
pumped his little legs as fast as he could, but he was no match for the speed of
Fetus' tractor.  Our Hero smiled in delight as the blades SMASHED through the
child's skull, and absolutely BEAMED when the shredded flesh and blood were sent
flying out from under the spinning blades.
     In the distance a door was broken, and the surviving people rushed from the
hell hole, but Fetus paid it no attention...  He hopped off the lawnmower and
dug into the meat he had just cut for himself...A feast fit for a featus...
 
 
(c)1989  Toxic Shock  What Rights?  This is America, we HAVE no rights!
 
                               Followers of Fetus
                               Bloody Afterbirth
                                  Fetal Juice
                                Gross Genitalia
                                 Tasty Abortion
                               Twisted Testicles
 
 
