                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
                                    presents
 
                               Roadkill  Anarchy
 
                                       by
 
                               Bloody Afterbirth
 
                                 Toxic File #7
 
       Centre of Eternity : 615.552.5747  3/24 Baud  40 Megs  Lotsa Files
                           HQ of The Esoteric Society
         Fucked In The Head : 615.552.xxxx  12/24 Baud  Anarchy Related
                          soon to be HQ of Toxic Shock
 
!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$!@%^#$
 
     Well well well...You're in a really fucking sick mood, you're pissed off at
society, and you want to release all your frustrations...  Good, because that's
exactly what it takes for RK-Anarchy...
 
     There are various ways to get roadkills...The easiest is to scrape them up
off the road...  Dogs, cats, squirrels, deer, little old ladies, children,
oppossum, kangaroos, does, turtles, chickens, etc...
     However, to have more fun, run over your OWN!  Yeah!  Just go out on the
town with a few buddies and run over anything that moves!  Hell, just for
effect, back over it, and run over it again...
 
     After you have amassed at least one roadkill, there are many MANY things
one can do with it/them...
 
     If its big enough, tie that fucker to your bumper and run over EVERYTHING
in sight!  Ya go out to get the paper, and there are DEER GUTS splattered ALL
OVER your mailbox!  ALRIGHT!  Slam that fucker into cars, telephone poles,
street signs, everything!  When yer done, toss it in someone's yard...
     Or cram it into someone's mailbox...  Or in the muffler of their car...
 
     You can bang on the thing with a hammer, or chop at it with an axe, or
dissect it with a chainsaw, or...  Then throw it into open-windows in houses and
automobiles, toss it into convertbiles, put it on someone's hood, smear it all
over their car, throw it at Peds, or Feds!
 
     Get on top of your local mall at night..Wait for a large crowd to
amass...And THROW that fucker at the people!  Watch the women FAINT!  Everyone
who isn't passed out will scatter like hell...  Open the door at the mall and
throw one as hard as you can into the mall, blood and guts EVERYWHERE!
 
     Take one into a movie theatre (how the hell?) and throw it at people!
 
     Take it to school and put it on the principal's car...
     Take it in school and leave it in the halls...
     Put it in an empty locker that belongs to noone...UGh!
     Throw it into the toilets!
     If its little, put the little bitch in the ketchup/salad dressing thing.
 
     Break into somebody's car with a baseball bat and smear RoadKill all over
their fine upholstery...
 
     Tie it to a rope, throw it over a limb of a tree, and swing the bitch out
at cars as they pass by!
 
     Tie it to your bumper and drive down the road, heh heh, curves are great
fun, esp. with people on the opposite side of the road...  Ever had a roadkill
come flying at ya while walking down the road?
 
     Someone out of town for awhile?  Break into their house and put roadkill in
their beds...their toilets...microwaves..stoves...blender...washer...dryer...
the baby crib...the...
 
     Throw them at mailboxes, see who makes the biggest dent.
 
     Give a taste-test at a mall.
 
     Put it on someone's porch, pour gas on it, light it, ring doorbell, run.
 
     Play frisbee in the park!
 
     I said throw it through open windows...Hell, throw it through CLOSED
windows too!
 
     Take it to the post office and mail that fucker!  Put a stamp on it!
 
     Cram it into the slot where cans come out of Coke machines!
 
     Buy a paper, take all the papers, and replace 'em with ROADKILL!
 
!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$!@%^#$
 
(c)1989 Toxic Shock
 
                               Followers Of Fetus
                               Twisted Testicles
                                 Tasty Abortion
                                Gross Genitalia
                                  Fetal Juice
                               Bloody Afterbirth
 
 
