 
 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
                                   presents
 
                            Getting High Herbally
 
                                      by
 
                              Bloody Afterbirth
                               Toxic File  #73
 
     Centre Of Eternity : 615.552.5747  12/24  40 Megs  750+ Files Online
                         Headquarters Of Toxic Shock
 
            Demon Roach Underground : 806.794.4362  3/24  82 Megs
                                cDc base board
 
                      Lunatic Labs : 213.655.0691  3/24
                              Highly recommended
 
 
<%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%>
 
   With all the pro-drug stuff we've been doing and planning on doing
lately, I thought it would be nice to share some of the knowledge about
getting high I have gathered from various books and sources...
   The information for this file was taken from
 
      "The Magical & Ritual Use of Herbs"
      Richard Alan Miller
      Destiny Books
 
   That book and my interests are geared towards something a bit more, ah,
"spiritual" or "magickal", than getting high for the sake of getting high,
but I expect most people who read this would rather just get fucked up.
Soooo, I am leaving out quite a bit of material that relates to historical,
religious, and magickal uses of the various "herbs".
   Have fun.
 
<%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%><%>
 
   This time, we're going to look at two natural narcotics, Wild Lettuce and
Wormwood.  I chose these two because they are probably the easiest things to
get in the US as they grow wild almost everywhere (and the DEA isn't
chopping them down!)
 
 
                                 WILD LETTUCE
 
 
Family                 : Compositae (Sunflower family)
 
Botanical Name         : Lactuca virosa
 
Synonyms               : lettuce opium, lopium
 
Geographical Locations : Southern and Central Europe and the United States
 
Habitat                : Loose, rich, well-drained fields.  Should be
                         planted in late fall.  Needs moisture.
 
Botanical Description  : The herb is a biennial plant with a leafy, round
stem that grows from two to seven feet high.  The stem is erect and smooth,
colored pale green and sometimes spotted with purple.  The lower leaves are
numerous and large, growing to be eighteen inches long.  The upper stem
leaves are small, scanty and grow alternately, clasping the stem with two
small lobes.  The heads are short stalked with numerous pale yellow flowers.
The fruit is a rough black oval with a broad wing along the edge that
narrows to a long white beak holding silvery tufts of hair.
 
                                  Chemistry
 
   Active ingredient now identified as lactucarine (now known as lettuce
opium.  This contains 2% lactucin (similar structure to that of opium) plus
lactucerol (also known as taraxasterol)) and lactucic acid.  These
ingredients appear in domestic lettuce as well, but less than one order of
magnitude to wild lettuce.
 
                               Primary Effects
 
   Mild narcotic and analgesic.  Sedative which induces low alphoid activity
rather than deep sleep.  [BA-your brain is at the level where dreams occur,
but you are awake]  Most dreams occur in REM sleep, a state which is
characterized by low alphoid activity.
 
                                 Preparation
 
   The easiest [and suggested] method is to dry the leaves and roots and
smoke them in a large pipe.  The general, commercial, technique is to heat
(not boil) the leaf in water for at least an 8 hour period.  Then remove the
liquid.  Lactucarine goes into solution with water.  A heat lamp is placed
over the bowl of liquid and a fan is used to drive the water out of the
extraction.  The result will be a blackish gum which can be smoked best with
a waterpipe and hot torch.  The gum should be rolled in small balls and
sealed in plastic to prevent them from drying out.  The hotter the flame,
the better the high.
   A general amount for each person is approximately one ounce of wild
lettuce or about 1/2 - 1 grams of the extract.
 
   **  Do not ingest any form of lettuce if you suffer from stomach      **
   **  disorders (esp. ulcers) because the lettuce opium substance will  **
   **  coat the walls of the stomach and reduce digestive processes      **
 
   *****  Horny Young Men beware!  This herb represses sex drives!!!  *****
 
   I have used a Wild Lettuce and Valerian Root extract on occasion.  A
company called "Nature's Way" sells the extract, and almost any health food
store should be able to get it.  (I also believe General Nutrition Center
can get it)  It has a very relaxing effect, both mentally and physically.
 
 
                                   WORMWOOD
 
 
Family                 : Compositae (Sunflower or Aster family)
 
Botanical Name         : Artemisia absinthium
 
Synonyms               : Absinth, green ginger
 
Geographical Locations : All over the world, from the US to Siberia.
 
Habitat                : Roadsides, waste places and near the sea
 
Botanical Description  : The herb is a silky perennial plant supported by a
woody rootstock producing many bushy stems that grow two to four feet in
height.  The stems are whitish covered closely with fine silk hairs.  The
leaves are hairy also, shaped with many blunt lobs of irregular symmetry.
The flowers are small with globular heads of greenish-yellow color that are
arranged on an erect leafy flower stem.  The leaves and the flowers have a
very bitter taste and characteristic odor.
 
                                  Chemistry
 
   Absinthine (a dimeric guaranolide) is the principle agent, anabsinthin
and thiyone (a volatile oil) are also present.  Absinthine is listed as a
narcotic analgesic in the same group as codeine and dextromethorphan
hydrobromide (Romilar).
 
                               Primary Effects
 
   Narcotic-analgesic.  It depresses the central medullary part of the
brain, the area concerned with pain and anxiety.
 
                                 Preparation
 
   The herb is either smoked or prepared as a liquor.  The absinthine can be
extracted with alcohol and water.
 
   The liquor can be made by taking one ounce of wormwood (preferably the
flowers) and putting them into a pint of brandy and letting it stand for six
weeks.  The resultant tincture is then combined with Pernod or anisette to
make the classical absinthe.
 
* Ingestion of the above volatile oils as a tincture can cause convulsions *
* and gastro-intestinal disturbances due to the thiyone.                   *
 
                 (c)July 1990  Bloody Afterbirth/Toxic Shock
 
               Anything Not Specifically Forbidden Is Mandatory
                 Anything Not Mandatory Is Highly Recommended
 
 
