 
 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
                                   presents
 
                             A Night In December
 
                                      by
 
                              Bloody Afterbirth
 
                               Toxic File  #28
 
             Centre Of Eternity 615.552.5747  12/24 Baud 40 Megs
             Headquarters of Toxic Shock and The Esoteric Society
 
%$^#&@*!&@^#%$^#&@*!&@^#%$^#&@*!&@^#%$^#&@*!&@^#%$^#&@*!&@^#%$^#&@*!&@^#%$
 
     Have you ever noticed that I almost always use those same characters, in
different positions, and then do the same thing backwards for the second one?
Whoopie fucking SHIT, right?  Heh heh heh.
     Well, we went off on some fucking path that was totally different from
what we were intended to write.  When I heard that most of our files were put
in the Sex section on Ripco, I started noticing this shit...  So, in an effort
to bring us back to what we are supposed to be, this file will be completely
devoid of slaughter, rape, blood, gore, or violence in any form.
     Yeah...Right.
     Honestly, though.  We have gotten a little off course.  If you liked what
we were doing, then hell, call up COE and leave a post or some mail or
something about it and we'll keep it up...  Let us know what you wanna see and
if we like it, you'll see it.  If you're interested in joining the group,
hell, drop one of us a line on COE.  Enough of this editorial crock of shit,
its time for me to express another idea of mine in words...
 
!*@&#^$%#^@&!*@&#^$%#^@&!*@&#^$%#^@&!*@&#^$%#^@&!*@&#^$%#^@&!*@&#^$%#^@&!*
 
     The cool December air was quiet, filled only with the smells of an
ocasional wood-stove.  Jim and Vicky sat with their backs to an old, giant oak
tree, softly embracing each other as an act of affection, silently taking in
the beauty of the night.
     Exactly one year before, they had both been at a crowded, noisy, smoky
graduation party; everyone there getting drunk and making fools of themselves.
Not Jim and Vicky.  They had been introduced early on, and they found that
they had very much in common.  He was a musician, classical guitar being his
specialty, and she was a classical pianist.  They both had Bachelors, they
both taught music, though at different schools.
     It was a match made in heaven.  They left the party, realizing that they
needed some peace and quiet, sensing the bond that was already forming between
them.
     And so Jim drove her to a place out in the country where they could be
alone.  And it was the same place that they now sat, wrapped in each other's
arms, bathed in the warmth of love.
     She knew what he would ask her tonight.  Noone has told her this, and he
had not even hinted at it, but somehow she KNEW.  He would propose to her this
night.  And she loved him, she loved him dearly, and she would accept.  She
wanted to spend the rest of her life with him, in eternal bliss.
     Jim had thought long and hard about the proposal.  He knew he would have
to ask her, and this night was the most perfect one imaginable.  He could ask
for no better time, no better place.  He wanted her.  They had both agreed
that sex was out of the question until wedding night, she for religious
reasons, he because he did not want to impose upon her.  She was a virgin, as
pure as the snow that could be sensed on the breeze, just waiting to blanket
the land with its white softness.  She was very special to him.  Oh, how he
loved her, loved her more than anything in the universe.
 
     He could hear the thudding and pounding footsteps drawing nearer, feel
the heat from ITS body as it got closer.  He ran with all the strength and
speed his shattered body could muster.  Sweat blinded his sight, as if he
could see in the darkness of ITS lair.  His lungs were on fire, his entire
body wanted desperately to just lie down and die.  IT knew this.  IT was
relentless.  IT could still taste the blood it had drawn when it first found
this man wandering in ITS territory.  IT had given chase, and enjoyed the
sport.  The man wanted to play hard to get.
     His body moved as a machine.  He knew he was going to stop eventually,
but his muscles refused to acknowledge the thought.  His legs pumped and
pumped, nonstopping and not slowing.  His entire body was soaked in his sweat
and his blood, the stench of his fear filling his nostrils...and ITS.  The
smell was as good to IT as the tatse of the man's blood, urging IT onward,
onward, faster.  The man did not turn his head back, knowing very well that IT 
was gaining on him.
 
     Vicky had felt the small box in the inside pocket of Jim's denim jacket,
but said nothing of it.  She knew it must be the ring.  He had a tendency to
spend more than he should on her, not that she minded, but this ring..  How
beautiful it must be..  She could hardly wait, the suspense and the longing
for those four blessed words made the evening draw out to an eternity.
     He knew he could wait no longer.  She just HAD to say yes.  She would be
his forever and ever.  His heart was ready to burst from love for her.  He
loosened the embrace he had upon her, gently taking her hands in his.  She
turned and looked at him, her round, brown eyes searching out his soul with a
knowing sparkle to them.  Their lips softly brushed together.  He removed his
hands from hers, and stretched, stifling a yawn.  She turned to look back at
the small wisps of smoke coming from the chimney of a nearby house, thinking
of how wonderful it would be for the two of them to spend their lives together
in their own home, with their children.
 
     He could run no longer.  His leg muscles were knotted up, refusing to
move further.  Blood pounded in his ears, pulsing with the thud-thud of ITS
footsteps.  The ground beneath him shook ever so slightly as IT came closer to
its prey.  The blood caked wounds at his side reopened as he gasped for air,
his eyes searching wildly for something to use to try to fend IT off.
     It was useless.  IT was not hurt by bullets, the makeshift club had only
angered it, or was IT laughing at him?  The footfalls slowed.  IT neared.  IT
knew he could not escape now.  A deep, gutteral sound filled the caverns of
his mind, a sound he could only take to be more laughter, the same noise IT
has made when he slammed the clun into ITS head.
     He had made IT bleed with the rock.  If IT could bleed, IT could die.  A
rock.  THERE, yes, a sharp dust covered rock.  He bent to pick it up,
preparing for the final confrontation with the beast that had hunted him for
hours.  And there IT was.  It drew nearer, saliva dripping from its fang
filled mouth, the Blood Lust apparent in its yellow eyes.
 
     Jim reached slowly down into his pocket, withdrawing the small, soft box
that did, indeed, contain the ring.  She seemed not to notice...
     "Vicky?"
     The love in his voice was obvious, the importance of what he had to say
made his voice shake just a bit.  She knew what was to come.
     "Yes, Jim?"
     "Vicky...I love you...I love you more than anything I have ever loved,
more than anything I can ever love."
     "I know...I know...And you know that I love you, too..."  Anticipation.
     "Baby...I've been thinking," his left arm cupped the side of her face
very gently, their eyes locked together.  He kissed her softly, and held the
box in his right hand.  "Will you m---
     The scream rocked the night.  They both jumped to their feet in shock,
holding each other tightly for protection.  It was a man's scream, and a man
in intense pain.  A death scream.
     They looked at each other fearfully, neither of them breathing, and
slowly they turned their heads towards the house Vicky had been watching the
smoke from earlier.  Jim took a step towards the house.
     Vicky held his arm.  "No, NO, don't!  Whatever it was that made that
scream--
     "It was a man, Vick.  A goddamned MAN!  That scream!  I have to find
out--
     "No, please Jim!  Let's get away from here!  Whatever caused that could
only hurt you!  Please lets just go home, PLEASE Jim!"  She tugged on his arm,
pulling harder and with more strength than she had ever done in her life.
     "But..."  Seeing the pleading look in her eyes, he gave in.  They turned
and walked quickly back to his car, not looking back for fear of what they
might see, trying to simply forget what they had heard.
 
(c)1989  Toxic Shock
 
                            The Followers Of Fetus
                              Bloody Afterbirth
                                 Fetal Juice
                               Gross Genitalia
                        and a newbie with no name yet
 
 
 
