 
 
 
!@#&*$%^!@#&*$%^!@#&*$%^!@#&*$%^!@#&*$%^!@#&*$%^!@#&*$%^!@#&*$%^!@#&*$%&^
 
         -you are at the greatest risk of dying while you are living-
 
                                   ||||||                          
          _        _               ||||||               _        _ 
          ))      ((       /\      ||||||      /\       ))      (( 
         ((________))     /||\     ||||||     /||\     ((________))
          \        /     (-  -)    (O  O)    (o  o)     \        / 
           \ \  / /      |)\/(|     )/\(     |)\/(|      \ \  / /  
            \\__//       ( __ )    (\/\/)    (\__/)       \\__//   
             \__/        |\__/|     \__/     |\__/|        \__/    
              \/         ||\/||      \/      ||\/||         \/     
 
 
                       ...a choke on dope production...
 
 
 
 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
                                   presents
 
 
 
                               (          )                  
                                ) (      (                   
                               ( (   )   )  )                
                                ) ) (   (  (                 
                                ____________                 
                               |            | )              
                        )      |    The     |(       )       
                (      (   )   |  Flaming   | )  )  (    (   
                 ) (    ) (    |   Fetus    |(  (    )(   )  
                (   )  (   )   | _        _ | )  )  (  ) (   
                _______________| ))      (( |_______________ 
               |                ((________))                |
               |            __   \        /   __            |
               |            \\\___\ \  / /___///            |
               |             \_____\\__//_____/             |
               |_______________    /\__/\    _______________|
                               |  / /\/\ \  |                
                               | ///    \\\ |                
                               | ~~      ~~ |                
                               |            |                
                                \/\/\/\/\/\/                 
 
                                   Issue #1
 
                         Edited by Bloody Afterbirth
 
 
                  Released July 4, 1990 in commemoration of
                    National Overthrow The Government Day
 
   The Flaming Fetus is put out on an irregular schedule with no currently
set purpose other than to provide things of varied interest to those who
care to use their brain for something besides head filler.  Membership in
the group is not a requirement for contribution.
 
                            Toxic Shock Disclaimer
 
   If you're looking for some people who cannot think for themselves out of
fear of offending someone or being misinterpreted, who are so full of
Greyface propaganda that they feel having fun is a S-I-N, who are so fucked
up in the head as to think everything in this world is just fine and those
things that aren't should not be discussed, then congratulations.
   You've found one.  Just look in a mirror.
 
   What this means, for those of you whose degree of intelligence is on the
level with that of an extraordinarily dumb rock, is that we say what we want
to say, how we want to say it, about whatever we want.  If you don't like
what we do, we don't give a fuck.  If you feel every single thing that is
ever written must have some deeply significant meaning, if you are looking
for good, clean, family entertainment, then you will be let down.  If you
are angered by those who think that humanity and the entire planet is
heading for crisis thanks to arrogant, intelligent homo sapiens, if parodies
really piss you off, especially when of The B-I-B-L-E, if you get extremely
perturbed by anything dealing with the darker side of life, then you will be
the most angered, perturbed, pissed off individual that has ever set foot
upon this toxic waste dump we call Earth.
 
 
                                   Contents
    
              01..Unborn Aflame               Editorial
              02..Toxicity                    News/Plans/Rumors
              03..For Whom The Bell Tolls     Recruitment Hype 
              04..Electric Death              Bloody Afterbirth
              05..Steven Hager - HIGH TIMES   Bloody Afterbirth
              06..The Winged One              Fetal Juice      
              07..Conformist State            Cyberpunk        
              08..Amerikunt Survival Kit      Gross Genitalia
              09..Meet The Toxins             Bloody Afterbirth
              10..Recommended Reading         Our File List    
              11..Is Anybody Out There?       A BBS List       
 
 
                       Information About Contributions
 
   We will consider anything and everything by almost anybody.
   If you want to give it a try, contact Bloody Afterbirth on Lunatic Labs.
   Future issues will be devoted, mainly, to a single topic or type of file.
   We are not really looking for light fiction (entertainment only), but if
it is good we'll probably use it.  (Parodies are looked upon with favor)
   What we WANT are serious, thought provoking, informative files.  Fiction
that makes a statement, magazine or book excerpts, essays or interviews,
etc.  If it is relevant and well written, it will probably be used at some
time.
   If you are seriously considering contributing, you really should call
Bloody Afterbirth and ask what topics he is planning for upcoing issues.
 
        Future issues will not necessarily be anything like this one.
 
                        [BA:They will be much better.]
 
 
 
____________________________________________________________________________
 
 
 
                                Unborn Aflame
 
 
!*@&#^$%#^@&!*@&#^$%#^@&!*@&#^$%#^@&!*@&#^$%#^@&!*@&#^$%#^@&!*@&#^$%#^@&!*
 
 
   This is Bloody Afterbirth, screaming at ya from the position of Editor on
this, our gloriously mundane first newsletter...  I've wanted to do one
since the very first night we were Conceived (heh heh), and the name I would
give it has always been known. . .  But quite frankly, I wasn't sure we
would be around long enough, or that I would be involved at all for very
long...  So I waited until I felt we were pretty well settled into things
and somewhat established...  I just sent the 59th Toxic Shock file to the
main board and Gross Genitalia is working on a very awesome concept-file, so
this is our sixty-somethingth file.  As I explain in "Electric Death", the
group has gone through hell and the two frontmen have done some soul
searching and found a little bit of a niche.  I would say that we, at least,
know where we're heading.
   But I'm not so sure about the modem community, which is the subject of
this editorial.
   About a month or so ago, Ripco was taken down.  But he isn't the only
one...boards everywhere are either being taken down or are going down
voluntarily.  Most of the volunteers are chickenshits who panic anytime some
guy in Australia gets a parking ticket; some are bigger boards that can't
risk fighting the law.  But, with Ripco down and, as I have heard, Metal AE
took his down, I think the only board still up that was up when I first
called out is P-80...and I'm not too sure about it since I never call it
anymore.
   What the hell is happening?
   I'll tell you what has happened, is happening, and will happen.
   I got my first code off of QuantumLink in a private area someone had
called "Wearedead."  Because I had some warez, I was invited to join with
them.  Back when Qlink had "Person-2-Person" transfers, all you had to know
was who sent what and you could get it.  We were mass pirating on a
commercial board, right under their noses.  But...very few people were
passing warez.  What I saw was a bunch of numbers...numbers that meant
nothing to me.  But it was information, it was knowledge, it meant
SOMETHING.  I didn't know what a 950 was.  I didn't know what ESS was.  I
didn't know what phreaking was.  I couldn't hack a high school maintenance
computer.  I thought the only way to use a credit card was to steal one.
   But here were credit card numbers...Visas, MasterCards...I didn't dare
ask how to use them...I just captured it all...I see a number followed by
"[MCI]", and then a bunch of other numbers.  The guy says that the second
bunch are "fresh codez - just hacked".  I began to catch on.
   I see numbers to departments in the government, to NASA, to some major
corporations...accounts on Compuserve and PeopleLink...more numbers to big
schools...not knowing what I was looking at, I just took it all down...all
of it...I was onto something...
   After many hours of this, I suddenly came to a realization...I had a
bunch of knowledge, but it didn't mean shit because I didn't know how to use
it...Someone I had met (calling himself Cronus locally...now known as Fetal
Juice) seemed to know an awful lot about what went on outside of the local
area...He knew a lot about computers...Perhaps he would know!
   And so I asked him about the 950s...he explained them...I asked him about
the codes and about "phreaking"...he explained them and gave me the most
precious things I ever got on any system...my first files.
   The files not only told what the codes were, but how to use them and how
to get more...So simple!  So EASY!  And this friend of mine was calling out
(phreaking, if you wish)...When I had a question, this dude had an answer,
or could direct me somewhere where I could GET an answer...
   I met others...The White Knight, running his Atari Castle...Amadeus...
   I began using the codes...I began using the cards...
   Cronus/Fetal wrote a codehacker...it worked...a virtually unlimited
supply of codes for us...We scanned the local area and found computers
everywhere...and local ports for MCI...PBXs...
   One of the files I originally got contained a little message at the end
of it..."Ripco 312-528-5020  Quick Validation"
   Whatthehellisaripco?
   I called it up...My 300 baud modem got me an ass chewing I still haven't
forgotten...1200 came to me soon.
   I called it up again...It asked so few questions...but this guy that ran
it...he had a hell of an attitude...an ego, but he wasn't arrogant..I had my
access the next day...no call of validation, apparently, because I didn't
live in Kentucky but whoever had that phone number did.
   And what I saw blew my ass right through the top of my head.  A G-File
section...I checked it out and HOLY FUCK BATMAN! he had a lot of files.  I
checked out a few...more code lists, more info on hacking...Anarchy?  I
checked it out...explosives, destruction, lock picking...KNOWLEDGE!
INFORMATION!
   The message bases were full of people talking about shit that I knew
zilch about.  Codes and cards were flying around like so much dust in the
wind.  Numbers for computers just gotten...Boards coming up, all of them
dedicated to free speech, free thought, free action.  All had files.
Dave Letterman was roaming around...The Metal boards were up and, so I was
told, were the best in the nation.
   Anything I could possibly want to know, I could find out.
   Virgin systems awaiting the thrust of my electronic hip...INFORMATIVE
files being pumped out by the dozen.
 
   And ya know what?  Sprint...MCI...The Government...The whole fucking
SYSTEM couldn't do SHIT to ANY of us!  NOBODY was getting caught!  It was so
damn easy it was PATHETIC!
 
   And ya know what?
   That fucked everything up.
   The hackers...the TRUE hackers...were very willing to tell almost anyone
what they knew.  Knowledge and information were shared almost carelessly.
And the computer which I had been using for quite awhile suddenly because
very popular.  The Commodore 64.  Every little spud in the world was
suddenly into computers.  Before, almost everyone I knew was on an Apple.
All the best boards I called were on Apples.  Tandy had some good boards.  I
never did see an IBM board that was any good.  BUT...The 64 changed all
that.  It had games, better games, the baddest games.  And the little
kiddies wanted to pirate.  But for efficient pirating, the mail sucked.
"Well, let's all just phreak!", they said.
   They found out how to phreak...they learned how to hack codes...thanks to
code hackers, which abounded, anyone and everyone could get codes...They
thought using codes was the only way to phreack...boxing went into oblivion
as the majority chose to be ignorant.  It wouldn't be so bad...but the
schmucks liked to brag.  They had to show off what they knew.
   Before, people told what they knew because the ONLY people who had
computers KNEW their computers.  The entire modem community was an elite
society.  Schmucks Did Not Exist.  And now they came...A Deluge of schmucks.
   THEY had to show off.  THEY had to brag.  THEY had to run their mouths.
   They were careless and stupid.  They thought not of risks, not of the
future, but of the present.  They made mistakes...oh did they make mistakes.
   And all our Big Brothers caught on.  They watched the idiots running
around like beheaded chickens.  They watched and they learned...Our Big
Brothers are not entirely stupid.
   People began to be busted.
   Sure, mainly the schmucks...
   But if you have 10 eggs, 9 of which are bad, and drop them all from a
roof...even the good one goes splat...If you bust 100 people and 5 of them
are the True Ones, they're still busted...
   When the schmucks draw attention to EVERYONE, noone is safe.
 
   Security got beefed up.
   ESS took over.
   ANI came over.
 
   Files suddenly were copies of other people's work...How many versions of
the Poor Man's James Bond files have you seen?  How many people do
"Lineman's Headsets"?  And, even though we've done a flamethrower file, how
many files about them are out there?
   Boards went down and people went down..because a schmuck narced on a cool
True One.  They narc to save their ass.  They narc on boards and on people.
Jeremy Hall narced on Amadeus...many boards, many mail boxes, etc etc...
And it was a keen-thing-to-do.  Turn in, you go free.  They turn in, they go
free.  A neverending cycle...Until a cool person gets in the gears.
   Such as Fetal Juice...when he got busted, he could easily have narced on
White Knight, Amadeus, me, and a few other people...Lots of boards, too.
   He said nothing.
   That cycle stopped.
 
   That was up until the recent and present time.
   I gave a guy about 6 or 7 megs of text files.
   These are the BEST FILES that have ever existed!
   They tell you anything and EVERYTHING you could want to know about
hacking or phreaking.  Hell, I even gave him all the Phrack newsletters I
could find on my harddrive!
   And the bastard asks me how to phreak.
   He has the files, but he will not read them.
   I showed him a fake account on BIX...but when I also told him that he
could always get traced and have his system taken from him, he jerked his
nuts into his abdomen and shit a purple turd.
   He still asks how to phreak..."Read the files."
   He still asks how to phreak.
 
   That is now.
 
   Ripco is down...I didn't like it much anymore...I don't phreak much
anymore because of the risks the schmucks have brought on (and I can go to
prison for it now.  Do it while you're young.)
 
   I offer my files to almost everyone.
   None want them.
   I offer codes and cards to almost everyone.
   None want them because none can use them.
   I offer knowledge and information.
   Nobody wants it.
   Nobody cares.
 
   Where has the thirst for knowledge gone?
   Where are those who would bang away for days to get just a little peek in
a new system?  Where are the trashers?  The carders?  The phreakers?  The
hackers?
   Why is it that nobody wants to know anything?
   Why does noone want to WORK for anything?  Why must everything be given
on a silver platter with instructions a fetus could understand?
   Has curiosity killed all the cats?
   Are all that's left a bunch of dogs, flea bitten curs that gladly sit
lazily in the shade, letting what goes on go on?
   Where are those who stand up for what they think?
   Where are those that THINK?
 
   Can you see what is happening?
   I describe the past and ask questions about the present.
   What about the future?
   Our rights have left.
   People are becoming mindless automatons of semi-sentient flesh.
   They listen to the brainwashing propaganda that is pumped out every hour
every minute and every second of every day of every week of every month of
every YEAR!
   Noone wants to know...noone wants to learn...
   Files were drugs to me.
   Computers were drugs to me.
   Boards were drugs to me.
   I got high off of calling out.
   The thrill I felt back then was better than any high you can get today,
even Crack...it was better than sex...
 
   There are so few of the True left...
   Chalk up another endangered species...
   In a day where a computer has to have a fucking mouse and a pretty
desktop environment so people won't have to type with their precious fingers
or learn how to actually use the system, the Society is fucked.
   In a day where stupid fucking files about sex and slaughter are all that
a group puts out, and all that are asked for, the Society is fucked.
   I have been asked to do more files like "Night of the Fetus"...more of my
parodies...I have no problem with writing my stories, I love to write.
   But...NOT...ONE...SINGLE...PERSON...has asked us to be informative.
   NOONE asks us to do anything except be obnoxious.
   Even the files we DO do with meaning...they are overlooked.
   Everything has to be obvious...Everything has to be spoon fed...
 
   The people of this world are a bunch of babies.
   A few years ago, the people of this world were adults.
 
   We're going backwards, people.
 
   What is before a baby?
 
   A Fetus.
 
   Fetus is coming to power, people...open your eyes...we're fucking up.
 
                 (c)June 1990  Bloody Afterbirth/Toxic Shock
 
 
____________________________________________________________________________
 
 
 
                                   Toxicity
 
              News, Rumors, and Plans in the Realm of the Toxins
 
!#@$#%$^%&^*%&$^#%@$!#@$#%$^%&^*%&$^#%@$!#@$#%$^%&^*%&$^#%@$!#@$#%$^%&^*
 
   The biggest and most disturbing news is the sudden onslaught of our
government upon the people of this cunt tree...  The War On Drugs is wasting
our valuable money for a stupid and ridiculous purpose.  The feds and the
big corporations are trying to remove from existence any and all bastions of
free speech and free thought.
   Those bastions, we call the boards.
   Nowhere else in this na-shun can people speak so freely or openly about
their thoughts and beliefs.
   Which means those same boards are getting unnecessary attention from an
unnecessary audience...Be careful, my friends...Too many people get busted
as it is...
 
   Rumor has it that we're going to become a much better group.  I wouldn't
know WHERE such a thing could get started, but. . .  Long long ago, groups
did meaningful things...  And, though I may not think everything should be
deeply significant, a large portion of what we do should be done for a
reason...  Be looking for stuff from us that you just don't see from groups
anymore...  We won't waste your time.
 
   We have begun active recruitment of members, so perhaps those of you with
aspirations of joining the best damn group in the world (laughter fills my
ears) could call us up... hehheh...  Centre of Eternity is your best bet,
unless you want ME to 'audition' you, in which case, you should call Lunatic
Labs and leave me mail.
 
   A goal of at least 100 files by November has been set...We want to bust
that number within a year, and we want our files to be good...So it may take
a little doing to get quality AND quantity...but we can do anything.  If
you'd like to help us reach that goal. . . . .
 
   As you may notice, Toxic Shock has begun it's Infestation 1990 tour... We
were sending SOME files to RipCo, and that was about as much work as we did
to get ourselves in your face.  We have gotten more active of late... And,
amazingly, we do find that some people have heard of us.  No telling what
kind of audience will develop now.  If you have comments/suggestions and
think they'll do a damn bit of good, drop one of us a line somewhere...
 
   Yet another rumor has it that Bloody Afterbirth isn't satisfied with this
issue of the newsletter and plans to make the next one much better.
 
   Roger Waters is doing another production of The Wall rreeaall soon, but
in case you're wanting to get the black denim jacket (embroidered both
sides) that they're selling for it (percentage of proceeds go to a memorial
relief fund in honor of war deaths), call 800.451.1120.   It costs 79 bucks
plus $6.50 for shipping and handling.  Get the goddamned thing, you want it.
 
   Danzig II - Lucifuge is an awesome experience.  Get the tape.
 
 
 
____________________________________________________________________________
 
 
 
                           For Whom The Bell Tolls
 
                             -Bloody Afterbirth-
 
   We have been looking for some new members for quite some time.
   However, we are HIGHLY selective.  Several people have offered to lend us
a hand (mainly as idea-men, and we have plenty of ideas, we need more than
two main writers!), and they have all been turned down so far.
   Perhaps our early files have given the wrong impression.
   We are not a Sex And Slaughter group, even though S&S is integral to many
of our files and almost all of our first ones.  ANYone can write a file
about sex.  ANYone can write a file about slaughter.  Not just anyone can do
it as good as we can, but regardless, S&S is not what Fetal Juice and I
intended this group to be for.
   A Toxic Shock file should fit into one or more of these categories:
 
   1 - Serious and probably offensive to someone.
       Ex:Relating to political corruption, the destruction of our planet,
          drugs, philosophies, etc.  A serious issue.
 
   2 - Parodies and satires, again probably offensive to someone.
       Ex:Rewriting things such as The B-I-B-L-E, obvious works of bullshit
       such as The Necronomicon (though cDc has monopolized that one.  But
       this IS an example list), things relating to phrack or trashing or
       carding or terrorism or.. (and especially for slamming those schmucks
       who know EVERYTHING and nothing about phreaking, or who talk about
       the LIMITLESS number of people they have killed, etc etc etc), etc.
 
   3 - Something that is completely and totally off the wall, different, out
       of the norm, etc etc.
       Ex:If you need an example, you wouldn't know a file like this if I
       shoved a print-out of it up your ass.
 
   4 - Informative.
       Ex:If you need an example, you won't be writing files of this type
       anyway.
 
   As you can see, just about anything can be written...  Whether we like
your work or not is dependent upon two things...What you wrote and how you
wrote it.
   You can write about the sexual habits of purple fungus on Mars, as long
as it is presented in a distinctive manner.  You can write a straight sex
file, as long as it isn't something that just ANYone could have written.
You can plagiarize books and magazines, as long as what you copy is
relevent.  (We could care less about the newest flavor of Slim Fast or the
latest dress Mrs. Bush isn't wearing.)
   You could also write a file chock-full of environmental damage
information, but if it puts us to sleep or seems to be written by a total
idiot who knows only how to quote statistics, we won't accept it.
   The best way to see if we want you and your work is the same way to see
if you could make it as a 'real' writer...try.  I, more-so than the other
members of the group, will tell you exactly what I think about your work,
good or bad.  If I don't like it, I'll tell you why and offer some
suggestions if I think there's any hope for you.  You should expect the same
from the others, though they'll be less blunt about it.
 
   I guess that just about wraps this up...There are but a few for whom
the bell tolls...are you one of them?
 
                 (c)June 1990  Bloody Afterbirth/Toxic Shock
 
 
 
____________________________________________________________________________
 
 
 
                                Electric Death
 
                             -Bloody Afterbirth-
 
   For the same reason we haven't put out that many files recently, we also
have not put out a newsletter...  Care to hear the story?  Well tough shit,
read it anyway!
   We started Toxic Shock in late November 1989, and by Christmas of the
same year, we had written over 30 files.  Anyone who has ever done that many
files so quickly on basically the same subjects knows how burned out one
gets from doing such a thing.  Burn-Out kills more groups than abortions
kill fetuses.
   About that time, I also moved away for HIGHer education, college,
whatever...  Obviously Gross Genitalia and myself are the front-men for the
group, and we apparently lost interest in the group after being slightly
bummed out thanks to school.  When the workers quit, the factory stops.
   I went through phases where I thought Toxic Shock was a waste of my time,
then the greatest thing that ever happened to me (heh), and then again a
waste.  Our file production came to an oozing halt.
   I am a very picky person, and contrary to what you may think, I have very
high standards for what I will release as a Toxic Shock file by myself.
Being bummed out, I was writing garbage...  Being a perfectionist, the
garbage got disposed of...
   Gross, on the other hand, was more worried about us dying out than I was
and began to write files just for the sake of writing...Both of us can admit
that the files we were writing weren't all that good compared to earlier
attempts...  For many months, Gross was the only one writing anything.  He
cared for the group, but not for what he was writing.  I cared for writing,
but not a damn bit about the group.  A long time passed.
   However, we did have time for reflection, and it became obvious that the
group was not doing what Fetal Juice and I had intended.  Anyone can write a
sex file, and anyone can write a slaughter file (maybe not as good as we
can, but that's another story!  heh!).  Not that we don't want sex and
slaughter in the files, we just don't want the whole file to be nothing but
S&S.  Sooooo, after a bit of soul searching, the Toxic Front-Men (Gross
Genitalia and myself) have apparently found our places for the group.
   Our quantity may be down a little, but our quality is going up a lot.
   We want a real GROUP from Toxic Shock.  Most groups these days are pansy
fucks that waste everyone's time...just like most of our early stuff did.
We know where we're heading now, so watch for a New Age in Toxicity...
   This doesn't mean we're mellowing out, or that we're going to be less
radical...  This doesn't mean that we're going to start giving a fuck when
someone misinterprets what we say or do.  This doesn't mean we're going to
worry when someone might get 'pissed off' because of what we say.
   If you don't like it, don't read it.  If it bothers you, fuck yourself.
   Hail Fetus!
 
                 (c)June 1990  Bloody Afterbirth/Toxic Shock
 
 
 
____________________________________________________________________________
 
 
 
                    Steven Hager - A HIGH TIMES Interview
 
                             -Bloody Afterbirth-
 
                   from HIGH TIMES, July 1990, Issue #179.
 
  |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_\|/_
 
   This is yet another article I've taken from HIGH TIMES...Something I plan
to continue doing.  HIGH TIMES is one of the best magazines in existence,
and about the ONLY one that actually stands for freedom of the press.
   As they may not particularly care for me taking from them freely, I
thought I'd do a bit of advertising as payment...and that's as much payment
as I make.
   The current subscription rates are:
 
   United States       Foreign
   One Year : $29.95   One Year : $37.45
   Two Years: $54.95   Two Years: $68.95
 
   Mail your money (US funds) and your name/address to:
 
      HIGH TIMES subscriptions
      P.O. Box 410
      Mt. Morris, IL 61054
 
   They mail the mag in a black cornstarch bag (environmentally safe!) for
confidentiality...  Order it TODAY!
 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
   Steven Hager, editor of HIGH TIMES and founder of the Freedom Fighters,
has been working in counterculture journalism for the past 22 years.
Shortly after arriving at HIGH TIMES, he began a crusade for the
legalization of hemp, inspired by "The Emperor Wears No Clothes" by Jack
Herer.
 
HIGH TIMES:When did you first become aware of marijuana?
 
Steven Hager:When I was 15.  Wild hemp could be found growing along any
riverbank in the county.  I was born May 25th, 1951, in Urbana, Illinois.
During WWII, Urbana was the site of one of the largest hemp factories in the
country.  I guess that qualifies it as the hemp capital of America.  We used
to harvest wild hemp and smoke it when I was a teenager, but I don't think
anyone got high smoking it.  I think we just got off on the thrill of doing
something illegal.
 
HT:How did you become editor of HIGH TIMES?
 
SH:I got into counterculture journalism in 1968, when I founded a newspaper
called the "Tin Whistle", which was published in Champaign, Illinois.  The
paper was distributed in four high schools and banned in two of them.
Shortly after the first LSD laws were passed, I was arrested with a bunch of
my friends for possession of LSD.  I think we were the first people in the
state arrested under the new law.  After I graduated high school, I went to
Sweden to avoid the draft, got kicked out of Sweden and ended up in college
in San Francisco, where I studied theatre, film, and journalism.  I have a
Masters in Journalism from the University of Illinois.  I worked for a lot
of magazines and newspapers and wrote two books before being hired by HIGH
TIMES.  I also wrote a film script called "Beat Street", which was produced
by Harry Belafonte.
 
HT:Who are the Freedom Fighters?
 
SH:Patriotic Americans who believe in hemp for food, fuel, and fiber.
 
HT:Who founded the organization?
 
SH:I did.
 
HT:What inspired you?
 
SH:I guess reading Jack Herer's book "The Emperor Wears No Clothes" played a
major role.  So did the Dutch Provos and the Merry Pranksters.  The Dutch
Provos were the original and best of the '60s radicals.  Although they were
only a small group, they had a tremendous impact on Dutch society.  The
Provos were experts at using humor to beat the eastablishment and they knew
how to exploit the media.  The idea of a "happening" was invented by the
Provos. [See HT, Jan '90]  The Merry Pranksters were a little like that, too
-- they used humor to threaten the establishment.
 
HT:How many Freedom Fighters are there?
 
SH:More than a thousand.
 
HT:Who runs the organization?
 
SH:Last April, the Freedom Fighters elected their leaders in their first
annual convention in Ann Arbor.  The state leaders are holding a meeting in
June to discuss the future of the organization.  My role was to get the
group on its feet.  I think I accomplished that.  Now it's time for them to
decide what to do.
 
HT:How do the Freedom Fighters differ from NORML?
 
SH:If I was completely happy with NORML, I probably wouldn't have started
another organization.  Although NORML has collected lots of money over the
years, they haven't accomplished much.  For 15 years the cannabis protest
movement has been hampered by ego confrontations and turf battles.  Jack
Herer is the best example.  He wrote this amazing book on the history of
hemp.  And for years HIGH TIMES and NORML ignored him.  I didn't discover
the book until I'd been at HIGH TIMES for two years!  NORML should have been
talking about hemp and the environment and pushing Jack's book ten years
ago.  I'm hoping Don Fiedler (the new national director) can get NORML
active and back on its feet.
 
HT:What do the Freedom Fighters do?
 
SH:They dress up in colonial outfits, organize cannabis protest rallies, and
inform the public of the environmental benefits of re-legalizing hemp.
 
HT:Who is Ed Hassle?
 
SH:Ed is a cartoon character, a pot smoking madman invented by Flick Ford
and myself.  We needed a spiritual leader to get the organization started,
so we created Mr. Hassle.  but we're gonna phase Ed and his Psychedelic
Pirates out of the Freedom Fighters.  He's not really needed anymore.
 
HT:When do you think cannabis will be legal?
 
SH:The forces keeping pot illegal are among the strongest in the world.
They include the oil and petrochemical industries, liquor and tobacco
companies, and the pharmaceutical industry.  People tend to make fun of the
pot movement.  Like it's a bunch of hippies who just want to smoke dope.
That's what the government would like you to think.  The truth is legalizing
hemp would restructure our national economy and put more money in the hands
of American farmers, while devestating the petrochemical industry -- the
major source of world pollution.  I don't know when cannabis will be legal.
I do know that the Greenhouse Effect won't be reversed until it is.  They
have billions of dollars and all the thugs and narco cops in the world on
their side, but the truth is on our side.  One day the truth will prevail.
 
HT:Why are the companies against legal hemp?
 
SH:Because the corporations can't find a way to control the profits.  Hemp
grows wild in all 50 states.  There's no patent on it, and no chemical
formula is needed to produce it.  Every car in America could be running on
non-polluting hempseed oil.  And any farmer could sell the oil.
 
HT:What about hemp fiber?
 
SH:No one would buy polyester clothes if they had hemp ones instead.  Hemp
is the strongest, softest, most durable fiber on the planet.  Maybe cotton
is a little softer, but half the chemicals used in American agriculture are
used on cotton.  It's a very bad crop in terms of the environment.  Levi's
jeans were originally made from hemp.
 
HT:What about the liquor and tobacco industries?
 
SH:Tobacco kills 300,000 people every year.  Alcohol kills 150,000.  No one
ever died from pot.  Once the American people become aware of these facts,
pot consumption will go up, while hard drug use will go down.
 
HT:Are there any legitimate medical uses for marijuana?
 
SH:There are many doctors who regularly prescribe marijuana to their
patients.  There's even a free underground hospital distribution system for
cancer patients.  The overwhelming evidence is that marijuana is one of the
best available medicines for glaucoma, epilepsy, muscle spasms, anorexia,
and for relief of nausea brought on by chemotherapy.  Despite this evidence,
the DEA continues to insist the plant has no medical value.
 
HT:Why would legalizing hemp reverse the Greenhouse Effect?
 
SH:We've deforested our nation to make cheap paper out of trees.  Trees are
basically carbon sinkholes.  They eat carbon dioxide and release oxygen.
Because we've killed so many trees, our atmosphere has too much carbon
dioxide, and that's what's causing the Greenhouse Effect.  Cannabis is the
fastest growing biomass on the planet, and it grows under all kinds of
conditions.  If we covered the nation with hemp fields -- and used that hemp
for fuel, fiber, and paper -- it would only take a few years to put the
atmosphere back in balance.  Paper made from hemp lasts 10 times longer than
paper made from trees, and can be produced at 1/5th the pollution.
 
HT:Why is it so hard to get the real facts to the people?
 
SH:HIGH TIMES has been bombarding the national media with hemp information
for two years and no one wants to publish the truth.  It's scary.  All
knowledge of hemp has been deliberately erased from our national memory.
But why should that surprise us?  Look at the Kennedy and King
assassinations.  Congress figured out years ago that the Mafia and the CIA
conspired to kill both men, but they're too intimidated to do anything about
it.  Our country is in a really bad state.  I think the worst drug is
television.  It has turned the nation into a bunch of mindless consumers.
 
HT:How do you feel about other psychedelics, like LSD?
 
SH:Psychedelics are important because they cause people to examine their
values.  I believe in the heritage of this country and the principles under
which it was founded.  I don't see any conflict between those principles and
psychedelic substances.  The government wants to dismantle the Bill of
Rights in the name of the drug war.  Unless we stand up now, everything our
founding fathers stood for will soon evaporate.
 
(c)Copied Right from HIGH TIMES  June 1990   Bloody Afterbirth/Toxic Shock
 
 
 
____________________________________________________________________________
 
 
     
                                The Winged One
     
                           Written by  -Fetal Juice-
     
                              (F)ucked June 1990
     
     
        Intro? What the hell is an intro?
     
     
     Lets get the damn thing bleeding..
     
                                                      -Fetal Juice
     
     
     
          
          A bolt of blue lighting strikes from a cold, clear, moonless
     night followed by a clap of thunder snapping the stars out of the sky. 
     Noises like that of lost chants soon start to resonate from the
     wombs of all women.  And those women start to feel the fury of the
     one true pain for the first and last time of their now worthless
     lives.
     
          At the bottom of a smoking crater lies a large blue crystal
     sphere in a pool of clotting blood.  Sulfurous fumes bubble violently
     out of the bloody pool, releasing a yellowish fog.  An evil red light
     streaks from the crystal's core to the center of the sky, into the
     very bowels of what mortals wish heaven to be.  Toward this sphere
     women crawl, for they are in pain, and must crawl or their bodies
     will be devoured from the inside to the out.
     
          Finally the first woman reaches the sphere and the same bolt of
     lightning arcs from the sky to the woman's belly, forcing her pregnancy
     and her life to end.  From this burnt offering of flesh rises a
     Fetus.  This Killer now has the powers of his father at its finger
     tips.  This Killer will kill.
     
          The Fetus walks slowly across the clotting blood, tearing through
     the pool's surface with his clawed feet to reach the crystal.  Setting
     both hands on the sphere he is absorbed into it, screaming with
     horrible pain.  Pain far worse than the women had felt.  Soon more
     women arrive to meet their fate, and for each a strike of death from
     the sky.
     
          Eleven days later the sphere started to rise in the air.  Slowly
     it rose until all could see it's brilliance in the warmth of daylight.
      There it exploded.  Revealing to all the ultimate horror : The Winged
     Fetus Lives.
     
          With his will he controls the minds and bodies of all.  With his
     will he can force your "God" to kneel and wimper for mercy.  With his
     will the elements converge and do his bidding.  He is not one to be
     fucked with.
     
          "We have to kill it!" screams the five star general.
           "But how sir? What is it?" a major asks.
          "I don't know. Launch a missile strike on it!"
     
          As so was ordered, rockets fill the sky and streak toward The
     Winged One, but He simply looks at them and they fall from the sky,
     powerless, killing those who happened to be beneath them.  With an
     extention of his arm a ray of black shoots toward that general, and he
     is pulled up toward Him.  Now in The Winged One's hand he is asked,
     why do you fear me?  To that the general could not respond.  The
     Winged One then says, "It's simple, it is because I WILL kill you!." 
     The sound of his voice blasts holes in the oceans as the water tries
     to escape its compression..  With a effortless closing of His fist,
     the general oozes his way back to his army.
     
          With a glance of His eyes, and a twitch of His finger millions of
     Fire Fetuses fill the air, then He says, Let there be Party.  And the
     Fire Fetuses fly down to do as they will.  They find women to rape, but
     the heat of their existence is such that the women blister and wither
     while the Fire Fetuses have their fun.  The Winged One sees this and
     feels pity on the women, with that He grants the women eternal life,
     and regenerates them after each Fire Fetus has his way, so that they,
     the women, may have this blistering pain forever!!
     
          "I am bored!" Speaks The Winged One, "Entertain me Humans", with
     that he speaks with a tone in his voice that gives the entire human
     race a value less than an atom of His shit.
     
          The humans try to entertain Him but fail, and He kills some. This
     he finds amusing for only a short time... "Hmmm??  What could I do..
     What do they value most?  Ahh... I know... heh heh heh..."  With a grin
     on His face the Winged One orders the Christian god and son to appear.
      And they do.
 
     The Winged One grins maliciously at his thoughts of what is to come.
 
                    (c)June 1990  Fetal Juice/Toxic Shock
 
 
     
____________________________________________________________________________
 
 
 
     [][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]
     
                                 Conformist State...
     
                            A Phile on U.S. Censorship...
     
                              Written by:  Cyberpunk
     
     [][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]
     
     
     
       Well this phile deals with the topic of censorship in the United
     States of America.  Yes, I said censorship.  The government has
     recently imposed a ban on the Two Live Crew Album "Nasty As They Wanna
     Be".  Now this is the first move in a strategic battle that will one
     day rob this country's citizens of their rights, and make us mindless
     puppets of the State.
     
       Over the past ten years or so, there has been a massive war against
     pornography, and other things deemed 'obscene', by the government or
     other groups.  These other things include music with lyrics that are
     considered tasteless.  Now of course the government and these other
     groups know the thoughts of every American Citizen and are allowed to
     act on those thoughts.  Yeah right!  Sure!  Give me a damned break.  
     
       The constitution is suppose to protect our basic rights of freedom. 
     Not so, as it now seems.  Now it seems the government is allowed to
     say what is or what isn't good for the average American Citizen, to
     hear, read, see, or even say.  The 1st Amendment to the constitution
     states, and I quote, "Congress shall make no law respecting an
     establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;
     or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of
     the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a
     redress of grievances."  But gee, it seems that the laws set down by
     our ancestors mean nothing now, because you can rule things outside
     the constitution.  
     
       As I said earlier, the record, "Nasty As They Wanna Be", was banned
     from stores nationwide.  Now this was a black rap group on an
     independent label.  They have neither the resources nor the time to
     fight a lengthy court battle.  This is a direct violation of their 1st
     amendment rights.  If it seems that I am defending them, I sure as
     hell am.  It matters not if they are black or white.  Or if their
     music is Rap or any other type.  What matters is that their record was
     banned, and that is a direct violation of the constitution.  See if we
     let the government ban their records, soon they will go for Heavy
     Metal, then Rock, then all other types of music.  And we will only
     listen to what the government wants.  Then they will start with books.
 
      Then where will we be?  The damned Government will then control every
     aspect of our lives.
     
       The government just recently started making record companies put
     labels on the records stating what types of lyrics were in them.  And
     if they were obscence to post it outside the record.  This is a mild
     form of Censorship, but none-the-less it is censorship.  Also records
     that were considered obscene were not suppose to be sold to kids under
     18.  Who the fuck decides if they are obscene?!?  The fucking
     government, that's who!  The average schmoo has no say in it.  Our
     constitution is supposed to protect us, but it seems that it is
     failing.  What are we to do?  If the record IS obscence, so what?  The
     1st amendment protects it, but then again the government has control
     to rule it outside the constitution.  It comes down to what the
     government thinks the people should listen to.
     
       The country is slowly degenerating into chaos.  The people will not
     stand for this much longer.  Of course then again, they might not even
     know that their rights are being taken away.  That is how lazy we
     Americans are.  We wouldn't even know.  It all comes down to this: 
     The government should not be allowed to control us like they are.  If
     we let them, we will become puppets to them, and we will not have
     minds of our own.  Who knows we might end up with another Civil War on
     our hands.  And that would be truly devestating.
 
                         (c)June 1990 Cyberpunk/HAMR
 
 
 
____________________________________________________________________________
 
 
 
                            Amerikunt Survival Kit
 
                              -Gross Genitalia-
 
Yes it's true. In a recent survey of over 1000 people all over the world, 500
said they would NOT choose to live in America if by some ungodly whim their
governments ALLOWED them to leave. The report was as follows:
 
COUNTRIES PEOPLE WOULD LEAST LIKE TO LIVE IN: (1000 people polled)
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Country In Question   Percentage  # People
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
United States............50%.........500
Liberia..................13%.........130
Lithuania................10%.........100
Nepal....................8%..........80
Armenia..................6%..........60
Bangladesh...............4%..........40
Zaire....................3%..........30
South Africa.............3%..........30
Soviet Union.............2%..........20
Unified Germany..........1%..........10
 
 
But that's okay! You can get the American Survival Kit! Yes, you and your
lonesome family can rough the shit in the United States month after month...
without oppression! For only $50 a month, we'll send you:
 
1 flashlight                    Month's supply of:
3 rolls of toilet paper           Tax Exemption Forms
2 rolls of paper towels           Fake ID's, as needed (Social security,
credit
1 box toothpicks                                cards, driver's licenses,
etc.)
5 terrycloth handtowels           Other people's bank cards
3 all-cotton rags                 12 guage and .357 ammunition
 
If you act now, we'll also send you our Poverty Kit! Yes, we'll send you all
the essentials to make you look like you're living in superb slum shit and
starving year-round... when actually you're living like royalty! Yes, screw
over the government that's screwed YOU over for the majority of your life!
Yes, just send an untracable check for $50 to:
 
Toxic Shock Amerikunt Survival
P.O. Box 177642485934422-G
Gnu Yorc, Gnu Yorc  10101-4422
 
We stand proud in our commitment to fuck up the pathetic American Governm....
 
sdfkjv.x.z,t
                        ljhs,gmsut vc                   825(&^A5.,bmmlkjh
        kjh,mv                          kjsdbgkwetuo
 
Sorry for the interruption, but the previous 1000 bytes of data has been
another motherfuckin sales gimmick to get you to send massive amounts of
money to a non-existent organization with a bogus P.O. box so your money can
be indulged and used to buy premium mary jane. Any propaganda should be
completely overlooked and ignor....
 
NOW..to P.O. Box 17764285934422-G, Gnu Yorc, Gnu Yorc, 10101-4422. TODAY.
 
[There's a drought down here.]
 
                  (c)July 1990  Gross Genitalia/Toxic Shock
 
 
____________________________________________________________________________
 
 
 
                 /\/\eet The Toxins  -  "Verbosity From Hell"
 
   This time you are unfortunate enough to get to Meet the one who kicked
off the group with a parody of that famous Holy-shit!-Book...The Bible...
His accomplishments are too few to mention, his reputation virtually non
existent among those who matter, his thoughts and attitudes shared by almost
none, the guy who designed the traditional logo, the one who has plans for
bumper stickers and tee shirts, the one and the only
 
            Bloody Afterbirth...interviewer interviewee extraordinaire.
 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 
   So, let's start off with some physical shit, BA..What do you look like?
   I'm 5' 11", 235 pounds...Got a large frame and quite a bit of muscle...
also got 35 pounds of pure raw FAT loading me down right now...Got somewhat
lengthy dark brown hair, eyes that change color (grey/blue/yellow/green)
depending upon my mood.  Sept 11 '71 was the day the end of the world began,
and to celebrate my 19th birthday I'm going to get more fucked up than this
country is.
   Alright!  So, how and why did you come up with Bloody Afterbirth?
   Well..Fetal Juice came up with the name for the group..and since it was
disgusting and off the wall, I thought of the most disgusting and off the
wall handle I could possibly use...and you see me with it.
   When did you first start working with computers and telecom?
   When I was 9 I got a Commodore Vic-20 because I was curious and it was
cheap.  I still remember calling Compuserve with a 300 baud modem and a 22
column screen...  That was back in 1980.  I didn't actually hack anything
until 1984 because I was a fuckhead.  I didn't even know what Phreaking was
until that same year because I was a fuckhead.  The regular little school
and computer nerd was what my fat little ass was.  I didn't do anything
illegal at all.  Breaking any rule was like a fucking sin or something...
But just before 9th grade started, I began looking at where I was heading
and what kind of shit society was becoming, and the rebellion started... Got
my first unintentional Fs that year because this teacher thought she was
right and I knew I was right...  About that time Cronus began explaining
some things to me about the real modem society.
   What do you think of TODAY'S society?
   It's fucked.
   Care to elaborate?
   Not really.  Anybody with any intelligence can see what's happened to
this country.  Every level of society is royally fucked.  The people who
were floating across the nation in the early- to mid-80s were the kind of
people that belong on computers.  Thank the Commodore 64, games, desktop
environments, mice, and movies like Wargames for fucking up the important
Society.
   Well, enough about this shit.  What are your hobbies?
   Reading, writing, programming, pissing people off...
   Not very social, are you?
   I can be, but why hang around a bunch of mindless fucks?  I prefer small
groups of people I can trust...
   You mentioned programming.  What can you tell me about programming?
   I can tell you that you sound just like Eliza.  Assembly Language is the
only language for me.  I have worked with several BASICs, and the only one I
liked was the Commie 64 basic.  It's non-existent graphics commands were
kinda hard to use, but the basic was very in-your-face.  I've worked with a
few high level langs, mainly for college, but the only one I will consider
using on my own would be C...And that is not something I want to do, either,
but everything out there for the Amiga is C, and I'm hurting myself by not
learning it.
   Why do you like assembly language so much?
   The power...simply the power.  You tell it EXACTLY what you want it to
do.  There's none of this "PRINT `FUCK SATAN!'" shit that any little loser
can do.  You HAVE to know your system, you HAVE to love your machine.  It is
the meanest language there is.  You fuck up just a little bit and the whole
thing goes bonkers.  I have lost much hair thanks to assembly.  I love it.
   I think there is something else you want to say about it.  You are
holding something inside, Bloody, I can tell.  You can tell us.
   I obviously don't like desktop environments, a mouse, game players, or
anything else that normally signifies a non-serious user.  (There are people
I respect who use shittop environments and mice, but they are a minority)
It boils down to the seriousness.  I don't think a non-serious user needs a
machine.  They can play a Nintendo if they want to spend their time with
fucking games.  And anybody can program a high level lang (well, MOST HLLs).
Where is the challenge in speaking English?  Assembly language and non-desk
top environments and having-to-use-the-keyboard-by-TYPING scare away the
lazy fucks who don't want to get serious about their machines.  I'm not much
into computer hobbyists.  Either you use it, or lose it.  Nobody USES their
machines anymore..  Anybody can play a game.  But how many people can write
a good BBS?  In assembly language?
   Zzzzzz...huh?  Oh, yeah.  Ok.  What systems have you owned and why?
   The Vic-20 I explained.  I got the Commie 64 when it came out, but I did
look around at all the other systems.  It was the best machine for me at the
time.  It's capabilities were exactly what I needed.  I still think it is
the best 8 bit around.  Then I got the Commie 128 because I thought it was a
keen thing to do at the time.  Everybody makes mistakes.  The only thing I
used the 128 for was the built in monitor, which sucked.  I've got an Amiga
2000 right now...It sure as hell wasn't because of price or because of any
loyalty to the manufacturer.  Up until the latest management got put in, the
worst thing about Commodore Amiga was Commodore.  I am working on a way to
get a 3000, legally, now.  The Amiga has the most potential of any system
out there right now.  It may have been caught by the other companies, but
it can take the personal computer market and a sizable portion of the
professional markets if Commiedork would develop it...and I think they will.
   You wouldn't like motorcycles, would you?
   Why gosh, how'd you know?  They're the best things on the road..they're
the "kickin'est, happenin'est, thaxedtothemaxed'est" thing on wheels.
I like the traditional style (Harley's best, of course) over the funky
Japanese/European racing styles, but hey, I melt when I look at a Ninja...
   What are your political views?
   Governments suck.  There is no government like no government...
Actually, I think a VERY limited central government would be ok.  I really
wish that the country that "spreads the cause of democracy" was a true
democracy itself.  America sucks, quite simply put.
   Why?
   It is a corporate and political monster, just like the rest of them.
This country spawns greed and laziness, lies and corruption, oppression.
The Big Brothers need their asses kicked.
   What is your least favorite Big Brother?
   Probably the Telco systems, as far as treatment of people is concerned.
Geez, the fucking service they provide could be almost FREE if they weren't
so damned concerned about money.  Things like Starlink provide $1.50/hr
service.  You expect me to believe that THEY can do that and make a profit,
but the Telco can't?  Give me a break.  If they cut the costs, the usage
would go up.  A lot of little money usually comes out to be more than a
little big money.  Everybody can afford $1.50 to make an hour's call...
It's like gas money or something..pocket change.  Everybody could use the
phone...    Not that I think we should have to pay for it at all, but people
do need to eat.  (I'd love a moneyless society, but this is Amerika!)
Reasonable prices would rid the world of the major need for phreaking.
They should consider that instead of trying to wipe Phreakers out.  Most of
them, I'm sorry to say, do it just to beat the costs, not to learn new
loopholes and shit.
   What do you think about the Drug War?
   We should fight back.
   We?
   I'm not into heavy drugs...but that's me, not someone else.  Legalize all
of them and quit trying to run people's lives.  Make people take a course
and a test on the effects of the drug, the REAL effects, before they buy it.
Tell people exactly what cocaine will do to them before they snort it, and
it will scare away a lot of people.  Take away the illegalities and it won't
be used because it's "cool" anymore.  Heavy drug use would go down, and safe
things like marijuana would be used more and more.  Hell, legalize all the
drugs, and the government could check the purity.  More jobs.  They would
man the education-before-trying 'centers'.  More jobs.  They could set up
rehab centers for anyone who got in over their head.  More jobs.  They could
tax the drugs instead of spending money on wiping them out.  More revenue.
People would do drugs for the experience and not because of that peer
pressure shit that conformists fall prey to.  More mature citizens.  Lower
the age limits on the shit.  Quicker maturity and more responsibility
developing in the people.  I won't go on.
   You should be president.
   Why, so I can get paid to lie?  The president's a figurehead.  I'd rather
be head of the CIA.  That's where the power is.  Or a bank president.  Then
you exercise control of everything...  The Computer Underground, or what
USED to be the CU, could, if united, take control of this country.  There is
too much reliability on very insecure computers.  If a few bytes at the bank
get nulled, you just lost several thousand dollars.  I can see Sprint going
bankrupt because of something like that.  That would amuse me.
   So, what are your musical tastes?
   Pffffft...I love Classical music, because it is, all around, better than
anything for setting a mood, like for writing.  I like ROCK.  Not the shit
they play today and CALL rock.  I mean the 60s and 70s...like Bob Seger...
Ozzy Sabbath...Jimi Hendrix...  I am quite fond of heavy/death metal,
especially when either the music has a very nice rhythm, or the lyrics are
about something besides getting laid on a saturday night.  Fuck the posers.
I like folk music, especially Irish and Scottish.  I like punk/thrash/speed
metal, but I don't listen to it much..  Most of it sounds just alike, but
every once in awhile you hear something good.  I like some of the new wave,
post modern, whatever the fuck, stuff, like Voivod.  They are a good group.
   What other modern groups do you like?
   Danzig, Slayer, Medadeth, Metallica, Ozzy, Roger Waters (Floyd sucks
without him), King Diamond...
   What type of books do you read?
   Mainly fantasy, but science fiction has caught my eye...  I also like the
science-fiction/fantasy mixing that a lot of people have been doing.
   Have any favorite authors, in any genre?
   Piers Anthony, Roger Zelazny, Harlan Ellison, Robert Jordan, L. Ron
Hubbard, J.R.R. Tolkien (no shit), Isaac Asimov, Robert Asprin, Douglas
Adams, Anne McCaffrey, Marion Zimmer Bradley, Dick Sutphen, Richard Bach,
Andrew J. Offut...I can go on if you like.
   No, that's alright.  Who are your idols?
   I have none.  I have respect for a few people, DEEP respect for a very
few people, but I idolize noone.  Someone may be better than I at something,
but I can match them if I truly want to.  I think anybody can do anything,
so that's not really as egotistical as it sounds.  If there is anyone in the
Society that I would come close to idolizing, it would be one of the people
that make it into a Phrack profile.  The main one that comes to mind is The
Mentor, but that's mainly for writing The Hacker's Manifesto.  That was the
best thing I have ever read.  It brought a tear to my eye.
   You mentioned Dick Sutphen and Richard Bach, two well known metaphysical
types.  Are you interested in that sort of thing, and if so, why?
   Yes.  I've had an interest in the occult ever since I saw a deck of Tarot
cards...which also was about the time I got my Vic-20.  As far as why...  I
am open minded, and I have experienced enough to know that the "paranormal"
truly exists.  Besides, for religious reasons, I almost have to be
interested in such things.
   What does that mean?
   I'm Wiccan (a Witch)...  What they call metaphysical or occult is pretty
much standard and general knowledge with Wicca.  It'd be kind of like a
Ceremonial Magician who isn't interested in magick if I wasn't interested in
the 'metaphysical'.
   Why are you in Toxic Shock?
   Something to do at the time.
   That's not true, is it?
   Ok...I want to be a writer, and I use the group to hone some of my
abilities.  I concentrate on something in a file (and it may not be obvious
to outsiders that I'm doing this, heh heh) for practice.  What I write for
the group and what I would write professionally are a little different...  I
also think we could have a good following if we'd get off our asses and get
in people's faces.  I want a group that can herald a returning Golden Age in
groups.  I want a group like a group USED to be.  Toxic Shock is the only
such group in existence that I know of that has the potential for doing just
that, other than something else I'm working with on the side.
   Oh, so you don't consider cDc to be a real group?
   Whoa there asshole, I didn't say that...  I like the group.  I admit, I
like the MEMBERS of the group that I've talked to a lot more than I like the
majority of the files they've put out recently...but I do like them.  I know
people who haven't touched a computer in 3 years who never ever called off
of a local shit board called "Okie Bug" who have heard of the Cult.  That is
what is known as a reputation.
   But, as a group, how do you REALLY feel about them?
   Their tastes and mine as to what a group should be are probably
different.
   You are avoiding the issue.
   You should know.  I respect a lot of what they do from the perspective of
a writer.  Some of their stories are most excellent.  I like the majority of
their attitudes.  But from the perspective of what I think a group should
do, no, I don't particularly care for them any more.
   Don't you think that you are really fucking up by saying that?
   I also do not particularly care for what Toxic Shock was doing and
probably will continue to do, though in lesser form.  As far as writing
goes, I love the cDc.  I even actually like much of what we wrote...as far
as writing goes.  But we were really not doing what I think a group should
do.  I say that about the group I belong to, so I think I have every right
to say it about another group, too.  As I said...our tastes are different.
The Cult does what it does.  It is an entirely different group that exists
for entirely different reasons.
   Aren't you afraid that this profile of you has gotten to be excessively
lengthy?
   If anyone is still reading it, then they like what they're reading.
   So, Bloody Afterbirth, what other handles have you used?
   As I said earlier, I was a fuckhead.  Fuckheads go through handles.  I
have gone through more handles than anyone I know.  I quit changing handles
so much about 4 years ago.  Two handles still stick with me, but what they
are and what my prior ones were is not important.  Bloody Afterbirth is the
one I am pushing publicly.  That suits me fine.
   What do you think of Kate Bush?
   Oh, that screeching bitch with a voice only a rusty iron gate swinging in
the wind could love?
   Heh heh heh.  Where do you think Toxic Shock is headed?
   If I have my way, it is going to be one of the best groups in the
country.  If I don't have my way, I will move on to another group.
   You don't sound like you have much group loyalty.
   I will work with any group if I like their attitude.  I'm a free agent.
   Is that an open invitation for the groups of the world?
   Not really.  I know of only two currently active groups that I would
consider working with.  But then, my knowledge of who is out there isn't
what it used to be.  That situation is being corrected.
   Who are those groups?
   None of my business.
   Well Bloody...I think this just about wraps this up.  I can't think of
anything else to ask you that noone will want to hear.  Are you sure you
want to release this profile of yourself?
   Those who see the answer to that question are either severely
masochistic, or enjoyed hearing me talk to myself.
 
   Hope it enlightened you.
 
   And now for some generic stuff.
 
Top 10 Most Hated Things
01...Oppressive governments
02...Oppressive corporations
03...Oppressive religions
04...Oppressive people
05...Stupidity
06...Ignorance (not the same as Stupidity)
07...Undeserved Egos
08...Schmucks
09...Puking for 4 hours
10...Kessler (rather drink Premium Unleaded)
 
Top 10 Most Liked Things
01...My machine
02...The English language
03...80% THC Demonweed with 6 inch buds (!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
04...Harley Davidsons
05...Poison Ivy.  Love That Itch.
06...Michelle.  Love That Bitch.
07...Breaking any law except that of gravity.
08...Going to hell in a hot pink balloon
09...Threatening little kiddies with death and molestation
10...Threatening the parents of little kiddies with death and molestation
 
Top 10 Things To Watch
01...Kelly Bundy's assets
02...Kelly Bundy's assets
03...Kelly Bundy's assets
04...Kelly Bundy's assets
05...Kelly Bundy's assets
06..
 
5 Respected People From THE Society
01...Nightstalker
02...Night Crawler
03...The Mentor
04...Anyone Else That's Made It To A Phrack Profile
05...Bloody Afterbirth
 
5 Most Disgusting Things Someone Can Do With A Computer
01...Destroy files without a VERY good reason
02...Narc on phrackers
03...Run a board that censors
04...Play games constantly
05...Trade 6 year old warez
 
Personal Statistics
Self Opinion : Asshole
Fave Movie   : Dead Poets Society
Fave Board   : I Haven't Found It Yet
Fave Drug    : Marijuana
Fave Drink   : Jolt
Fave DRINK   : I Haven't Drunk It Yet
Fave Machine : Bong With An Air Compressor And Heating Element
Fave Time    : 3am
Fave Hangout : Usually Wherever I'm Not
Fave Position: Prone
Fave State   : Altered
 
   And now, to do a bit more plugging and stealing for and from Phrack
newsletters, I ask myself the question...are most computer nerds that you
have met computer nerds?  "Why, yes, actually, they are."  Thank me, BA.
 
                (c)July 4, 1990  Bloody Afterbirth/Toxic Shock
 
 
 
____________________________________________________________________________
 
 
 
                             Recommended Reading
 
                      This list current as of 07/04/90.
 
##   Name                                         Author            Size
 
69.  The Flaming Fetus - Issue #1                                   74602
68.  The Final Conflict                           Bloody Afterbirth 39499
67.  How To Leave The Planet                      Gross Genitalia   7207
66.  Burn The Flag!                               Bloody Afterbirth 6111
65.  The Burning Of The Big Mac                   Gross Genitalia   8795
64.  Earth                                        Bloody Afterbirth 4129
63.  Drug Testing:the shape of things to come...  Bloody Afterbirth 20023
62.  Poison Ivy                                   Bloody Afterbirth 12921
61.  Ed Rosenthal - Interview from High Times     Bloody Afterbirth 21126
60.  Birthquake!                                  Gross Genitalia   10650
59.  World Of Dreams #1                           Gross Genitalia   7214
58.  Fetal Sex Test                               Gross Genitalia   10482
57.  The Guide to Telecommunications Terms        Gross Genitalia   5589
56.  Druglore and Draft-Dodgers                   Gross Genitalia   20853
55.  Trix Are For Kids                            Gross Genitalia   5262
54.  Fetus Takes A Day Off                        Gross Genitalia   15094
53.  Don't You Just Hate It?                      Gross Genitalia   3879
52.  PMS : Post Mortem Syndrome                   Bloody Afterbirth 12176
51.  Prophecies of The End Times                  Bloody Afterbirth 14181
50.  Meet the Toxins: The #50 File                Gross Genitalia   62282
49.  Fuck You Too: I Hate Your Guts               Gross Genitalia   10428
48.  Fetus Punishes A Rapist                      Gross Genitalia   4993
47.  A Bad Period                                 Gross Genitalia   5523
46.  The Merciful Father                          Bloody Afterbirth 16658
45.  Fuck You                                     Bloody Afterbirth 6302
44.  Miscellaneous Oddity                         Gross Genitalia   4977
43.  Ode to Elvis                                 Gross Genitalia   3014
42.  People You Meet in Elevators                 Gross Genitalia   5039
41.  Flamethrower                                 Gross Genitalia   14491
40.  A Man and His Love                           Bloody Afterbirth 4783
39.  Late-Night Canoeing                          Gross Genitalia   6516
38.  Refrigerator Sex                             Gross Genitalia   3802
37.  Psychotic Orthodontists From Hell            Gross Genitalia   6593
36.  Where Is My Brain Going?                     Gross Genitalia   2469
35.  Terrorizing The Dog Bitch                    Bloody Afterbirth 9773
34.  Cat Music                                    Bloody Afterbirth 3931
33.  Fetal Nursery Rhymes                         Gross Genitalia   8258
32.  The Three Dildoed Goats Rough                Gross Genitalia   5145
31.  More From The Bums                           Gross Genitalia   5371
30.  America: Land of the Free Home of the Brave  Bloody Afterbirth 6401
29.  Bum Dialogue                                 Gross Genitalia   4527
28.  A Night In December                          Bloody Afterbirth 9352
27.  Fetus Admires a Decade                       Gross Genitalia   5238
26.  Fetal Poetry For Baters                      Gross Genitalia   2093
25.  How Must I Beat Thee?                        Gross Genitalia   7059
24.  When A Fetus Takes A Bath                    Gross Genitalia   6363
23.  How To Trash                                 Bloody Afterbirth 9731
22.  Future of Game Machines                      Gross Genitalia   9097
21.  The Stampede                                 Fetal Juice       2750
20.  Philosophy of The Community Cricket          Fetal Juice       3849
19.  My Mind                                      Bloody Afterbirth 3608
18.  The McDonald's Conspiracy                    Gross Genitalia   8181
17.  The Song                                     Bloody Afterbirth 2686
16.  Fetus' Christmas                             Bloody Afterbirth 10057
15.  Home for the Holidays                        Gross Genitalia   17523
14.  Fetus Conspires Child Pornography            Gross Genitalia   17963
13.  A Woman Dies                                 Bloody Afterbirth 2557
12.  The Young Like It Bloody                     Twisted Testicles 15099
11.  Fetus Got His Chainsaw                       Bloody Afterbirth 12638
10.  Runaway Pubic Hair                           Bloody Afterbirth 4903
9.   The Downfall of Coathanger                   Bloody Afterbirth 15108
8.   Tele Anarchy                                 Bloody Afterbirth 8286
7.   Roadkill Anarchy                             Bloody Afterbirth 4842
6.   Fetal Department Stores                      Gross Genitalia   12673
5.   Night of the Fetus                           Bloody Afterbirth 13025
4.   Freddy Meets the Gestapo                     Gross Genitalia   13307
3.   50 Uses for the Household Pussy              Gross Genitalia   6517
2.   Horny Toad Spree                             Gross Genitalia   10321
1.   The Fetus                                    Bloody Afterbirth 19060
 
 
 
____________________________________________________________________________
 
 
 
                            Is Anybody Out There?
 
                                    Part I
 
Boards where one or more of the Toxins or a contributor to The Flaming Fetus
can be gotten in touch with.
 
The Centre of Eternity : 615.552.5747  12/24  40 Megs  HQ of Toxic Shock
   All Toxins can be reached here eventually.
 
Tudor Nightmare Village: 615.928.6071   3/12/24sometimes
   Bloody Afterbirth almost all the time, Gross Genitalia occasionally
 
Lunatic Labs           : 213.655.0691
   Bloody Afterbirth, Gross Genitalia
 
Demon Roach Underground: 806.794.4362
   Bloody Afterbirth, Gross Genitalia, Cyberpunk
 
Infinity Minus Two     :615.552.7879  3/12/24soon 3 Megs HQ of HAMR.
   Cyberpunk, Bloody Afterbirth
 
                                   Part II
 
These boards are added to the list by request.
If you want a BBS in it, we will HAVE to have the following info:
   Name, number, baud rates, hours
And optional information:
   Megs, special interests, group affiliations, logins/entry PWs
 
   Notice something MISSING?
 
 
 
____________________________________________________________________________
 
        This has been a bad case of Toxic Shock.  Your vagina bleeds.
 
 
 
 
