 
 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
                                   presents
 
                               Fetus' Christmas
 
                                      by
 
                              Bloody Afterbirth
 
                               Toxic File  #16
 
!#*^@$&%!#*^@$&%!#*^@$&%!#*^@$&%!#*^@$&%!#*^@$&%!#*^@$&%!#*^@$&%!#*^@$&%
 
     The mighty one, yea verily, Fetus Himself, did in his all-knowing Wisdom
blind the sight of one of his followers..  Truthfully I say unto you, Gross
Genitalia saw nothing of the true occurences on one fatal Christmas.  Though
undeveloped, Fetus indeed has a heart.  Gross could not handle what truly
happened to his sister...  And now let the truth be known.
 
*^!#&%@$*^!#&%@$*^!#&%@$*^!#&%@$*^!#&%@$*^!#&%@$*^!#&%@$*^!#&%@$*^!#&%@$
 
     Fetus looked upon the world below, summoned by the silent plea of one of
his followers, Bloody Afterbirth.  And what Fetus saw, he was not pleased by.
He looked upon that which had caused the anguish of a Chosen One...The She
Bitch.
     She had caused the pain, the torment.  For one moment His servant had
allowed the foolish Bitch Queen to strike his soul.  And now he did call to
his Master, Fetus, for revenge.
 
     The Bitch sat across from her brother, and beside her boyfriend.  The
table was heavily laden with the food stuffs of a joyous occasion...Christmas.
Around the table, other members of the family were seated..  The Parents, the
Grandmother...  All had the fake smile and toothy grins which bespoke of
knowledge of this well-rehearsed routine..  Pretend to enjoy everything, say
your thank-yous, get along with everyone for awhile, then go on with life...
     HER mother singalled silently for all to bow their heads, and a prayer of
gratitude for all one's blessings was uttered.  All heads rose with the same
false expressions of joy upon their faces as they had had before, though
Grandma's face had a distinctly ravenous look to it.
     They all reached greedily for the nearest edibles, piling mounds and
mounds of nausea-inducing-mess upon their plates, ignoring the knowing look in
each others' eyes of the sickness to come after eating this, trying
desperately to be the one who ate the most and got the least sick.
     SHE eyes the table, surveying its contents for anything she might have
missed.  Ah!  The turkey had been stuffed this year, she had forgotten about
it.  A lusty look crept into her eyes as she slowly reached for the poultry,
eagerly contemplating the moment when she would feel around inside of its
body, groping around, pulling the sticky dressing from within.  Her hand was
there.  She licked her lips, full knowing that this could possibly be the most
erotic experience of her life.  As she felt herself nearing orgasm, she
plunged her hand deep into the lifeless bird.
     And pulled it out quickly, screaming in pain, blood gushing from the
stumps where two of her fingers had once been.  Her boyfriend quickly wrapped
her hand with a napkin in an attempt to stop the bleeding.  All eyes turned
upon the turkey as the dry laughter was heard.
     A bloody and somewhat charred Fetus walked from the gaping slit in the
body of the bird, tossing bits of stuffing into the air, catching them with
his mouth, and softly laughing, his eyes glued to the She Bitch's.
     He pounced upon her chest, everyone falling to their seats, unable to
move for some unseen force held them fast.  Fetus brought his mouth close to
the Bitch's, hers trembling with fear, his covered with food.
     "Where I come from...A turkey ALWAYS gets STUFFED!"  Fetus began cramming
handfuls of stuffing down Her throat, forcing it upon her, shoving it into her
mouth and forcing her to try to swallow all of it.  His concentration broken,
the forces lifted and Her boyfriend reacted first.  He grabbed a drumstick
from the turkey and swung it mightily at Fetus.
     Who grabbed it and another and jumped through the air, landing on his
attacker's head and began banging away on it, screaming what could only have
been a brutal song of death.
     Fetus stuck his toes into the man's ears, whooping wildly as he tried
desperately to shake the undeveloped monster from his head, screaming and
flailing his arms.
     The Mighty One rode his mount into the china cabinet, glass shards
cutting deep into the man's body, killing him almost instantly.  Fetus bent to
pull some flesh from a mutilated arm when he felt a broomstick smash onto his
back.
     He turned slowly and brought his eyes up to meet the gaze of Her Mother,
causing her to shake in fear and begin pathetically trying to exorcise the
demon before her.
     "Evil spirits remove thyselves!  I cast ye out, abomination!  Get thee
behind me, Satan!"
     Fetus snatched the broomstick from her trembling hands and did as he was
bid, running behind the woman.  He slammed the stick into the small of her
back, she doubled over, and he shoved it far up her ass until it protruded
from her mouth, her corpse slumping over on its side.
     He turned and jumped to the table, surveying the scene.  Gross had gone
to his room to listen to some tapes Fetus had bought for him, not knowing the
scenes that transpired.  Grandmother had moved to the remains of the china
cabinet, munching silently on the flesh of Her Boyfriend, doing as a Follower
should.  She herself retched the stuffing, too sick to move for now.  And the
Father..
     Fetus picked up a pie and slung it at the man, he ducked, Fetus was upon
him.  He began pounding upon the sides of Father's skull, harder and harder,
he stood and tried to flee but Fetus held fast with his feet, the crushing
blows finally cracking the shell of his cranium as they neared the stairs.
The man fell downwards, Fetus jumped off, and smiled at the loud crunching of
breaking bones as the man tumbled into a heap and mass of limbs that could not
have been replicated by the living.  There was only Her.
     The stuffing finally spilled onto the floor, she slowly brought herself
up from the waist to look into the eyes of a fetus.
     He grabbed her by the ears and brought her face down into the plate of
food in front of her.  Wrapping her hair about his hands he pulled her
struggling body onto the table and smeared cranberry sauce all over her face.
She stood upon the table and screamed her rage.  She dextrously hefted the
carving knife and leaped towards Fetus, intent upon slicing his meat.
     He tripped her and sent her sprawling onto the other end of the table,
her head resting in a bowl of mashed potatoes, shocked too much to scream from
the pain.  Fetus pulled her feet and then turned her over roughly.  He yanked
at her jeans, smiling evily as they ripped off, exposing her cloth-covered
bush.  Realization lit her eyes, she tried to rise to her feet, slipping on
the food, mumbling pleas for mercy.
     Fetus lunged forward and tore away all the clothing from her upper body
in one stroke, she screamed but was powerless to stop him from violently
removing her panties and the tampon.
     "No..no..n-n-n-no...p-p-p-puh-p-puh-puh-leez-please..n-no.."
     Fetus threw the bloody vaginal insert at her.  She regained her feet and
jumped from the table, running towards the living room.
     He slammed into the back of her legs, she fell, feeling a hand already
reaching up into her anal region, raking at the flesh inside.  She could only
scream..  Fetus rolled her over once again and jumped onto her chest, sucking
noisily at her breasts, then biting the nipples off and spitting them in her
face.  She smacked at him and he kicked her in the face, her head falling to
the floor in shock.  Fetus shoved his clawed fists into the holes where her
nipples had been and ripped the insides of her tits out, eating them happily,
and then kissed Her, so that she could taste her insides.
     He began jumping up and down upon her rib cage, her breath leaving her
body in moans of pain, and at last he stopped when he heard the soft pop of
the rib's breaking.  He moved between her legs and put a hand under each of
her thighs.  "And now the fun can REALLY start, Bitch!"
     His short stubby dick dove into her genitals, boring into her flesh like
a tunnel-digger.  His little hips pivoted and rammed, her monthly blood
spraying out with each thrust, she screamed again as he brought himself to
ectasy and came all within her.  He kicked her over, and mounted her ass.  He
drove it home and did it hard, the pain of her ribs and now the pain of her
ass bringing a wail of terror from her, making Fetus only bang harder.  Her
screams turned him on, made his penis rock solid.  He rammed a fist up into
her cunt as he creamed his juices into her ass and fucked her with his entire
arm.
     Her screams grew louder, encouraging him, and he removed his arm.  He
pulled her cunt-lips wide apart, then jumped feetfirst back into the womb, her
flesh splitting open, her screams of pain silenced only when her blood ceased
to flow from the wounds.
 
(c)1989 Toxic Shock
 
                            The Followers of Fetus
                              Bloody Afterbirth
                                 Fetal Juice
                               Gross Genitalia
                                Tasty Abortion
                              Twisted Testicles
                    and another follower, yet to be named
 
 
 
