                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
                                    presents
 
                               Runaway Pubic Hair
 
                                       by
 
                               Bloody Afterbirth
 
       Centre of Eternity : 615.552.5747  3/24 Baud  40 Megs  Lotsa Files
                           HQ of The Esoteric Society
         Fucked In The Head : 615.552.xxxx  12/24 Baud  Anarchy Related
                          soon to be HQ of Toxic Shock
 
!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$&!@%^*#$
 
     This is the sad story of Tom...  Yes, the story of Tom is sad.  And this
sad story is about Tom, for Tom's story is truly sad.  And so, we now begin the
Tom's sad story...
 
     Tom was a bater.  Just what the hell is a bater?  Well, lets put it this
way, the word is a derivitive for a word that names a certain act that when
performed supposedly grows hair on your palms or makes you go blind.  Yes, my
friends, Tom was a mastur-bater.  Not only was he a masturbater, he was THE
Master Bater!  Yes!  Noone could whack like Tom could!  He was the best damn
fist fuck in the whole town!  Why, it was even said, that his fist was better
than any pussy in the world if you lubed it enough!
     Ok, so, Tom the Bater desperately wanted to become a de-bater, but he was
addicted...  Oh, he just HAD to have his morning whack!  He came over breakfast,
in the shower, hell, he even beat his meat at school during films!  That feeling
of sexual relief, the temporary ending of his lustful sexual cravings!  It was
the best thing that had ever happened to him!
     He could not stop.
     None of the warnings did him any good...
     "You'll go BLIND" his dad said.
     "You'll grow HAIR on your palms" his mom said.
     He paid no attention, he heeded nothing but the craving for more bating.
It was his life.  He especially liked to cum all over himself, smearing it as
far as it would go, onto every square inch of body part he could.
     This went on for a very long time...  Tom bated with some of the kinkiest
techniques available...He tried Coke bottles, paper-towl cardboard thingies,
hollowed out bars of soap, his mattress, his wall, Plastic Pussies, hell, he
even went so far as to suck his own dick to bring the ejaculation...
     But. . .  Apparently one of the rumors he had heard was partially correct,
and a problem soon developed...  It seems that the cum WAS causing hair growth.
Lots of it...  Much more accelerated than normal...  At first, he thought it was
just maturity, because he developed a bush that the most unshaven bimbo would
stand in awe of.
     Yet it did not stop there.  It slowly spread its way down the inside of his
legs...  And then it came (npi) up his stomach...  He had smeared it on his
chest, and rapidly, hair was growing on it.  He creamed it all over his face,
and his face was soon a furry mass......
     None of which would have been so bad...Except this was no ordinary hair.
It was...Runaway Pubic Hair!  (Lots of reverb on that)  Yes!  All the hair he
was growing was PUBIC hair!  The tightly curled mass of brown oily hair was all
over his body!  And the more he shaved it, the quicker it grew back!  Soon his
legs were shaggier than his dogs, he had to shave his face seven times a day and
even then it his face was hardly ever truly shaven!  He soon found himself
wearing larger shirts, because the hair on his abdomen had gotten so thick his
normal shirts would no longer fit!
     It spread to his back, and all over his ass!  Down his legs and even onto
his feet!  It grew into his ears and his nose!  It took over his scalp and his
head of hair was now pubic hair!
     And before anyone knew what the hell was going on, Tom was nothing but a
big ball of ever growing runaway pubic hair.
 
 
     You better stop bating, little kiddies.
 
 
(c)1989 Toxic Shock  What rights?  This is America!
 
                               Followers Of Fetus
                               Twisted Testicles
                                 Tasty Abortion
                                Gross Genitalia
                                  Fetal Juice
                               Bloody Afterbirth
 
 
