 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
 
                                   presents
 
                                    Earth
 
                                      by
 
                              Bloody Afterbirth
                               Toxic File  #64
 
   The Centre of Eternity : 615.552.5747  12/24  40 Megs  HQ of Toxic Shock
 
!*@&#^$%#^@&!*$%#^@&!*@&#^$%!*@&#^$%#^@&!*$%#^@&!*@&#@^$%!*@&#^$%#^@&!*
 
   This wasn't exactly brought up by Earth Day, but hell, this is as good a
time as any to write the file...  
 
$%#^@&!*@&#^$%!*@&#^$%#^@&!*$%#^@&!*@&#@^$%!*@&#^$%#^@&!*!&@^#%$^#&@*!*
 
   Air, water, plants, animals.  Earth.
 
   We need air to breathe.  What is in air that we need?  Oxygen.  We need
oxygen.  We breathe in oxygen and breathe out carbon dioxide.  CO2 is then
taken in by plants and RECYCLED, and they 'breathe out' oxygen.  Without
plants to take our waste product and make us some more oxygen, we'd have a
hell of a hard time breathing.
   We need water to drink.  Our bodies are made up mainly of water.
Obviously, water is very important to us.  I think they say a human can only
go three days without water.  Not very long, is it?  The oceans and lakes
and rivers and streams are our sources of water, without them, we'd be very
thirsty.
   Most people eat animals for food, or wear them to be fashionable.  And
those intelligent vegetarians are dependent upon plants for food.
Obviously, plants and animals are our sources of food.  It is a
scientifically proven fact that without food, most humans tend to die.
   Humans are not the only animals on the planet (right now, at least).  As
far as I know, and I'm pretty sure of this, there are plenty of non-human
animals that produce carbon dioxide and breathe oxygen.  Of what use is a
human to a fern?
   When a human being is born, the rivers and streams flow on, the ponds and
lakes and oceans rise on, fall on.  When a human being dies, the rivers and
streams flow on, the ponds and lakes and oceans rise on, fall on.  Of what
importance is a human to an ocean?
   Animals eat plants and quite often other animals.  They don't eat to the
extinction of other animals, and they don't kill for pleasure.  And even
though humans are the most plentiful things that animals could eat, unless
an animal is intruded upon or put into danger, it won't even ATTACK a human,
much less have one for dinner.  There are plenty of other things for a wolf
to eat, and the only good we are to a plant is as fertilizer after we die.
Neither plants nor animals have a use for us.
 
   Apparently, man needs nature a hell of a lot more than nature needs man.
 
   Unless man destroys the entire planet, which is likely, knowing the
stupidity and arrogance of humanity (hell, we're SUPPOSED to subdue it!
Besides, the second coming will be along any time now, so what's to worry
about?), the animals won't give a damn when Homo Sapiens is extinct.  The
plants won't give a damn when Homo Sapiens is extinct.  The water, the air,
the ground, the minerals, the concrete, cars and computers of our own
creation, will not give one itsy bitsy tiny damn when Homo Sapiens is
extinct.
   There are more of us on the planet than the planet can support.
   Eventually, disaster will occur for humanity.
   Most people don't think about the extinction of the human race.
   It is very much a possibility.  The entire species could cease to exist.
 
   Chew on that for awhile.
 
(c)1990 Bloody Afterbirth/Toxic Shock
 
 
