 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
 
                                  -PRESENTS-
 
                            The Louse and the Flea
                         Brother Grimms Fairy Tale #30
                           Translated by Jack Zipes
:Slashed by Fetal Juice
:Toxic File #85
 
!After reading this stupid story it made me glad that I don't have any
suicidal dung heaps.
 
!Don't ya just love my style?? Differrent egh?? What's your fucking story??  
 
!And then the turkey got up and said, with diligence.  "Fuck South Central
Bell, specially the FAGGOT KIBLER!! May he burn in hell.. ROBERT KIBLER I want
you dead, somebody, kill this muther fucker so I can have peace."
 
 
 
A LOUSE AND A FLEA KEPT HOUSE TOGETHER and were brewing beer in an eggshell
when the louse fell in and was scalded.  The flea began to scream as loud as
he
could, and the little door to the room asked, "Why are you screaming, flea?"
     "Because the louse has been scalded."
     Then the door began to creak, and the little broom in the corner asked,
"Why are you creaking, door?"
     "Why shouldn't I creak?
 
     Louse has just got scalded.
     Flea is weeping."
 
     Then the broom began to sweep in a frenzy, and when a little cart came
driving by, it asked, "Why are you sweeping, broom?"
     "Why shouldn't I sweep?
 
     Louse has just got scalded.
     Flea is weeping.
     Door is creaking."
 
     "Well, then I'm going to race around," said the cart, and it began racing
around furiously, and the dung heap, which it passed, asked, "Why are you
racing around, cart?"
     "Why shouldn't I race around?
 
     Louse has just got scalded.
     Flea is weeping.
     Door is creaking.
     Broom is sweeping."
 
     "Then I'm going to burn with fury," said the dung heap, and it began to
burn in bright flames.  Then a little tree nearby asked, "Why are you burning,
dung heap?"
     "Why shouldn't I burn?
 
     Louse has just got scalded.
     Flea is weeping.
     Door is creaking.
     Broom is sweeping.
     Cart is racing."
 
     "Well, then I'm going to shake myself," said the tree, and it shook
itself
so hard that all its leaves began to fall.  Then a maiden with a jug came by
and asked, "Tree, why are you shaking?"
     "Why shouldn't I shake?
 
     Louse has just got scalded.
     Flea is weeping.
     Door is creaking.
     Broom is sweeping.
     Cart is racing.
     Dung heap is burning."
 
     "Well, then I'm going to break my water jug," said the maiden, and as she
was breaking it, the spring from which the water came asked, "Maiden, why are
you breaking the water jug?"
     "Why shouldn't I break it?
 
     Louse has just got scalded.
     Flea is weeping.
     Door is creaking.
     Broom is sweeping.
     Cart is racing.
     Dung heap is burning.
     Tree is shaking."
 
     "Goodness gracious!" said the spring.  "Then I'm going to flow," and it
began to flow so violently that they were all drowned in the water- the
maiden,
the tree, the dung heap, the cart, the door, the flea, and the louse, every
last one of them.
                                                                               
       (c)opied right from the book..Fetal Juice/Toxic Shock July 1990
 
 
