
                      %%%   %%%  %%%%  %%%   %%  %%%%%
                      %%%% %%%%   %%   %%%%  %%  %%  %%
                      %% %%% %%   %%   %% %% %%  %%   %%
                      %%  %  %%   %%   %%  %%%%  %%  %%
                      %%     %%  %%%%  %%   %%%  %%%%%

                  //     //    ////    //////   //////   //
                  \\  \  \\   \\  \\   \\   \\  \\   \\  \\
                  // /// //  ////////  //////   //////   //
                  \\\\ \\\\  \\    \\  \\ \\    \\
                  ///   ///  //    //  //  //   //       //
 
               [ Mind Warp  -  Volume #4, Issue #08, File #063 ]
                 [ "Midnight Blues - 1st Solo" by Dark Horse ]

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         Midnight Blues - 1st Solo
                               [Dark Horse]
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Smoky cafes.  I always loved those smoky, empty cafes that canvas Europe and 
congregate boisterously at every plaza, especially Pedante, in the heart of 
Paris, fenced in on three sides by plaza and boulevard, where I spent every 
evening of the best summer of my life.  By July I had a "table of my own,"  
where at six every evening I would dream over coffee and pastries,  enchanted 
with life and Paris and living the prototypical dream of the Young American 
Traveler.  From my table I could see the small plaza, nothing spectacular in 
the scheme of the glory that is Paris, but my own special spot in a way, my 
own little corner of the city and my own ancient bronze statue complete with 
fountain.  There were others who worked day in and day out by the fountain, 
but it was my own in that back home no one would have remembered it like me, 
back home no one would have even know it was there.  The Lourve is public, 
but this, this was my own private postcard memory to snatch and savor forever.
One day near the end of July a soft rain drizzled down onto the plaza and 
into my hair and into my coffee.  I was a poet then, and over my coffee that 
summer I scribbled lofty words in tattered notebooks, but in that silky rain 
that clung to my hair and cooled my face I realized how much I hated those 
words, each and every one, indivitually and totally to the depths of my soul.  
They were so empty, false, contrived, idealized.  One word or a million can 
not sum up an instant of human thought, no matter how elegant or exquisite.  
The absolute spiritual power and glory of that misty rain in the gray plaza 
in Paris put all my tender thoughts into perspective: how could one 
communicate in a million pages the beauty of the momentary glance, meeting 
yours, of a girl who quickly passes out of sight but lingers in the mind for 
days?  Of course there have been words smiths, such as Kerouac, Cooleridge, 
Poe, prose painters who could weave a story into a net of words so beautiful 
and enthralling you would never want to escape its grasp, but no one, and 
especially not me, then, could capture a full second of life on paper.
***
     They say you're not supposed to eat apple seeds - natural arsenic they 
     say, like it'll kill you or something.
***
    So there I was in that cold dark morning, basking in the twilight that 
    precedes any sign of sun, just sitting there on my front porch 
    (and may I remark how cold it happened to be - fifty seven degrees as 
    it turned out to be - compared to the warm night before when slick 
    seventy degree air floated around me like fog-and-a-lighthouse) crouched 
    against the door, that air chilly and prickly like grass (but inside let 
    me tell you I knew it was pretty warm as far as nights go since i've seen 
    some pretty cold ones in my day and some days it doesnt get up to fifty 
    in the DAY even so I was right thankfull for my warm summer night that 
    morning) and me there waiting for nothing and digging everything (and 
    digging for those not aquainted with the hipster slang of the fiftys and 
    sixties and, gentle reader I make no accusation that that you are less 
    than hip to it all, but just for the benefit and common understanding of 
    all that peruse this sacred text digging means to some the complete and 
    utter understanding and agreement with whatever you may happen to "dig", 
    and this is not to say that there are not other deffinitions, but this is 
    all you need to know for now), just digging it all and soaking myself in 
    existence.

***

    I doubt, as things stand, that I'll ever become a writer.  I have a 
    decent vocabulary and a grasp of grammar and every other bit of 
    information needed in one's mind to write.  I have nothing to write 
    about.  I have no devils to exorcise.  Without something unresolved 
    within the writer a story is nothing but just that, a story.  Basic Plot 
    plus Frills here and there.  William S. Burroughs would never have 
    become a writer without the aid of the "ugly spirit" (that entered 
    him the night he killed his wife in a bizarre william tell act and did 
    not leave him for decades)(The Native American medicine man who exorcised 
    the demon called it "One of the toughest" he had ever been up against.)

    I have no such spirit to battle with words.  Just a silly little life, 
    short, with a few ups and downs.  I'm basically satisfied with 
    everything, and that presents a problem: I live a life much without 
    yearnings and dreams.
***
    The sea was tired that night, and the air empty-smelling.  No salt, no 
    nothing in the air but emptiness.  It was impossible even to breathe 
    enough, the air was so thin and vacant.
    Jim played with a rock in the moonlight.  The rock was round and light, 
    shaped roughly like a triangle: an excellent skipping stone.  Everything 
    in his life had skipped out on him, his father, his girl, his dreams of 
    college, and he was left with nothing but a backpack and a barren bit of 
    beach, warm and shaded and invisible from the shore where grumpy young 
    cops patrolled for hours for bums and lunatics (who are the rightful 
    owners of the sea) to keep the place safe for tourists.           
    Every night until four or so crazy teens, drunk on freedom and security, 
    would roam the beach playing guitars and lighting fireworks and drinking 
    beer.  They would finally collapse, tired and wasted, and emerge fresh 
    and giggly the next morning.  Jim took notes on them each night, long 
    sad descriptions of the color, curves, and character of each one, the 
    indescribable intricacies of their speech and style.  It would be his 
    first great novel someday and take him away from the beach and into a 
    dry house and to everything else those kids had and that he remembered 
    from his youth.

==============================================================================
            Call Omniverse, the Mind Warp WHQ - (301) 718-0225
==============================================================================
