
                      %%%   %%%  %%%%  %%%   %%  %%%%%
                      %%%% %%%%   %%   %%%%  %%  %%  %%
                      %% %%% %%   %%   %% %% %%  %%   %%
                      %%  %  %%   %%   %%  %%%%  %%  %%
                      %%     %%  %%%%  %%   %%%  %%%%%

                  //     //    ////    //////   //////   //
                  \\  \  \\   \\  \\   \\   \\  \\   \\  \\
                  // /// //  ////////  //////   //////   //
                  \\\\ \\\\  \\    \\  \\ \\    \\         
                  ///   ///  //    //  //  //   //       //
 
               [ Mind Warp  -  Volume #0, Issue #9, File #009 ]
                    [ "Network Hacking #2/2" by Mustaine ]
            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Setting System Defaults once Supervisor acess has been gained 
                         on a NovellNetWare 286 LAN.
                            [Mustaine/INFLUENZA]

        One of the easiest things to do after gaining supervisor access to 
your NovellNetware286 LAN is to change the system defaults.  By doing so you 
can custom tailor your own backdoor account, or change existing ones.  Can we 
spell CHAOS?  You can also make your own new accounts, but that as we say, is 
another text phile.
        At any rate, the following information on NovellNetware is for users 
who have hacked supervisor access only.  ( If you have not gained supervisor 
access already, please refer to the first file of this series. ) 
        Many parameters can be induvidually set for each user account.  If 
all or some of those parameters are not entered, NetWare uses the system 
default values established by the supervisor options of the SYSCON program.

Using SYSCOM:

        Start SYSCOM by typing the program's name and pressing ENTER at the
system prompt.  If the message "Bad Command or File Name" is displayed, one
of the following conditions are true:
        1) The current directory is not \PUBLIC and you do not have a SEARCH
           path to the \PUBLIC directory.
                  (* CAN WE SAY "SH*T OUT OF LUCK?" *)
        2) You do not have at least ROS(read, open and search) rights in the
           \PUBLIC directory.

        After the SYSCON program starts, you are presented with an Available
Topics menu.  To change the system defaults, select Supervisor Options by 
moving the highlight bar and pressing ENTER or by pressing S and ENTER.
        If you do not have Supervisor privlidges, a screen will pop of 
indicating that you can not acess Supervisor Options.  (* IF THIS IS THE 
CASE, GET THE DAMN SUPERVISOR PW, AND LOG IN WITH IT. *)
        If you do have supervisor provlidges, the Supervisor Options menu is
displayed.  Notice the first two options begin with the word default.  These
two choices affect items that are used as defualt values for any new user 
added, unless specifically altered for the user.

Choices in the Supervisor Options Menu:

        DEFAULT ACCOUNT VALUES\RESTRICTIONS:

        This catagory of options affects the use of passwords in the system.
It also controls how users can login to the LAN.  Seven major parameters must
be set for this option.  Each of these may be overidden for the induvidual
users.

        A) ACCOUNT HAS EXPIRATION DATE:  Allowed values, (Yes, No).  When set
        for yes, the system prompts for an expiration date for the account.
        The account autmatically becomes inactive at midnight on that date.
        The account still exists, however, and can be reactivated by the
        supervisor.
        B) LIMIT CONCURRENT CONNECTIONS: Allowed values, (Yes, No).  The 
        default for this option is NO.  Concurrent connections means that
        the same user name can be used to login on a workstation while it is
        already in use on another station.  When set to YES, the sytem 
        prompts for the maximum simultaneous connections allowed for this 
        account name.  The acceptable values are 1 through 100.
        C) REQUIRE PASSWORD: Allowed Values, (Yes, No).  IF SET TO NO, A
        PASSWORD FOR THE USER ACCOUNT IS OPTIONAL.  If set to yes, a 
        password in mandatory for the account.  In addition, the system 
        prompts for a minimum password length.  The allowed values for the
        minimum password length are 1 to 20, with a default of 5. Spaces are
        not allowed in the password; spaces entered as part of the password
        are converted to the underscore character (_), and this character
        becomes part of the password.
        D) FORCE PERIODIC PASSWORD CHANGES: Allowed Values, (Yes, No).  If
        set to NO, passwords have an indefinite life span.  If set to YES,
        the option activates other options that affect the life span of
        passwords and the action of the system after a password has expired.
             A) DAYS BETWEEN FORCED CHANGES: Allowed Values (1 through 365).  
                This option is pretty much self-explanitory.
             B) LIMIT GRACE LOGINS: Allowed Values, (Yes, No).  This option 
             determines Netware's actions after the password has expired.  
             The user CAN continue with the same password indefinity.  The 
             user will be prompted at login, however, with the following 
             message:

           Password has expired.
           Would you like to change your password on server XXXXXX? (Y/N)

             At this point, the user may elect to change the password, but 
             is not forced to do so.  When set to yes, this option activates 
             the GRACE LOGINS ALLOWED option.
        
             GRACE LOGINS ALLOWED: Allowed Values, (1 to 200).  Basically, if 
             the password in NOT changed before the alloted Grace values are 
             used, the user cannot login again without the supervisor giving 
             the user more grace logins or extending the password experation 
             date.
        
        E) REQUIRE UNIQUE PASSWORDS: Allowed Values, (Yes, No).  If no, the
        user can reuse passwords.  If yes, the user must establish a
        password never used before.  They CAN be the same as another user.
        F) ACCOUNT BALANCE: Allowed Values (-99999999 to 99999999).  This
        is only used if accounting features are installed. (FORGET IT.)
        G) ALLOW UNLIMITED CREDIT: Allowed Values, (Yes, No). (FORGET IT.)
        
        
        DEFAULT TIME RESTRICTIONS: Change the values that appear on 
        the display in front of you by using the spacebar.  The usage time
        blocks are in thiry minute increments.  ( PLAY WITH THIS ONE, I THINK
        IT'S PRETTY SELF-EXPLANITORY.)
        A) EDIT SYSTEM AUTOEXEC FILE: ( UM....DUH...)
        B) FILE SERVER CONSOLE OPERATORS:  After selecting this, a screen
        containing existing file server console operators appears.  To insert
        new entries, press INS.  Select these users or groups by pressing the
        arrow keys.
        C) INTRUDER DETECTION\LOCKOUT: This determines what NetWare will do
        if a user repeatadly attempts to login incorrectly.  If set to No,
        Netware does nothing. If set to Yes, te following options are 
        presented:
                A) INCORRECT LOGIN ATTEMPTS: Allowed Values, (1 to 10000).
                Now because NetWare maps just the \LOGIN directory while
                users login, nothing prevents a user from finding a valid
                user name.  However, if an invalid user name is entered,
                NetWare prompts for a passoword.  ( NETWARE ASSUMES WE
                HACKERS ARE MORONS. )  
                B) BAD LOGIN COUNT RETENTION TIME:  Allowed Values (40 days,
                23 hours, 59 minutes; minimum 0 minutes.)  These reset the
                Incorrect Login Attempts count when no additional login
                attempts are made for a specfic amount of time.
                C) LOCK ACCOUNT AFTER DELETION: Allowed Values, (Yes, No).
                If NO, a detected intruder does not cause the account to be
                locked.  The valid user still could login using his or her
                name.  The entry IS recorded.  If yes, the account is locked.
                No one can login using that name, unless the supervisor
                enables the account through SYSCON.  This is displayed
                when attempted:

                Intruder detection locout has disabled this account.
                Acess to server denied.
                You are attached to server XXXXXXXX.

                Now, if you attempt to break into the supervisor account and
                this happens, the account CAN be re-enables from the SERVER
                by typing ENABLE LOGIN.
                D) LENGTH OF ACCOUNT LOCKOUT: Allowed Values (40 days, 23
                hours, 59 minutes; minimum 1 minute.)  This establishes the
                amount of time that the user name remains locked out after
                an intruder has been detected.
        D) SYSTEM LOGIN SCRIPT: (UM...DUH.)
        E) VIEW FILE SERVER ERROR LOG: This includes intruders and unresolved
        or excessive data transmission errors.  (* TO SAVE YOUR ASS, CLEAR
        IT WHEN YOU EXIT.)  This can only be done by the supervisor.

        Anywayz, have phun with these options, and be careful not to get
caught.  Maheym serves no purpose if you get your ass fired from your 
company, or if you get sent to detention. ( For all you school kiddies. )
Remember, you can only use these options if you have supervisor acess, and
that in itself is a hard thing to do.

                              -=iNFLueNZa iNC.=-
                                   -=1994=-


==============================================================================
       Call Arsonist's Arsenal BBS the Mind Warp WHQ - (301) 208-0847
==============================================================================
