
                      %%%   %%%  %%%%  %%%   %%  %%%%%
                      %%%% %%%%   %%   %%%%  %%  %%  %%
                      %% %%% %%   %%   %% %% %%  %%   %%
                      %%  %  %%   %%   %%  %%%%  %%  %%
                      %%     %%  %%%%  %%   %%%  %%%%%

                  //     //    ////    //////   //////   //
                  \\  \  \\   \\  \\   \\   \\  \\   \\  \\
                  // /// //  ////////  //////   //////   //
                  \\\\ \\\\  \\    \\  \\ \\    \\         
                  ///   ///  //    //  //  //   //       //
 
               [ Mind Warp  -  Volume #0, Issue #5, File #005 ]
                        [ "Technology..." by Raven ]
            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        
                  Technology: The Man, The Myth, The Hacker
                                [Raven/EoS]

        Some say that Technology is simply a legend, a myth; others say he's
real; and still others say he's a schmuck; and most people just say 'huh?'.
Whatever you happen to believe about him, this is the story of a day in the
life of Technology: The Master Hacker, as told to me by my second cousin, who
heard it from his roommate, who heard it from his girlfriend, who heard it
from her sister-in-law, who heard it from her dry cleaner, who heard it from
his nephew, who heard it from a talking iguana while dropping acid in Mexico.
        Technology, whose real name is unknown due to his eliteness, was a
Korean-American teenager, who lived in New Orleans and was a member of the
infamous computer hacking group 'The Side Effects.'  Technology was the man;
he could hack into anything.  He DID hack into anything.  He would go up to a
payphone and punch in his c0deZ, and then callout.  He didn't need a computer
to connect to another modem, he would call it up, and connect to it by
whistling into the phone.  It's actually quite amazing to see a man at a pay-
phone, whistling a modem connect tone.  Tech could get up to 28.8k baud, and
38.4k baud if he was faxing something.  Sometimes, he would call up one of
his favorite local BBSes, and whistle in the commands to download one of 
those naughty adult .GIF's.  He could use the zmodem protocol, and translate
everything in his head, and decompress the picture, and assemble it in his 
mind.  You could tell when he was doing this, cuz he'd have this big smile on
his face as he was whistling on the payphone.
        Well, one day while Tech was whistling to his favorite bbs, and 
scanning the message bases, he came upon a message that said that he was "a
loser with way too much time on (his) hands..."  This angered Tech a whole
lot, so Tech decided he was going to "mess this kid up."  Tech then got the 
kid's info (real name, phone number, address, credit card numbers, etc.).
First, Tech called up his boyz in The Side Effects, and had the kid's phone
line, electricity, water, and cable tv turned off at 12 o'clock that night.
So, before the utilities were turned off, Tech called up some more of his
boyz and got some 'X-tra special c0dez' and using these c0dez, Tech made the 
kid's toilets overflow, he made his Sony Discman eat up and melt his CD's, and
then he made his toaster not leggo of his eggo.  Finally, Tech had 2 truck
loads of fertilizer delivered to the kid's driveway.  And he did it all from
the payphone across the street.
        Technology then went home after a long, hard days work, and laid down
for bed.  Tech was comforted by the fact that the kid would not be sleeping 
peacefully for a while.
        And that is the story of Technology the Master Hacker.  The moral to
this story is to never fuck with those who possess the 'c0deZ' unless yours
are better.
           
==============================================================================
       Call Arsonist's Arsenal BBS the Mind Warp WHQ - (301) 208-0847
==============================================================================
