
                      %%%   %%%  %%%%  %%%   %%  %%%%%
                      %%%% %%%%   %%   %%%%  %%  %%  %%
                      %% %%% %%   %%   %% %% %%  %%   %%
                      %%  %  %%   %%   %%  %%%%  %%  %%
                      %%     %%  %%%%  %%   %%%  %%%%%

                  //     //    ////    //////   //////   //
                  \\  \  \\   \\  \\   \\   \\  \\   \\  \\
                  // /// //  ////////  //////   //////   //
                  \\\\ \\\\  \\    \\  \\ \\    \\         
                  ///   ///  //    //  //  //   //       //
 
               [ Mind Warp  -  Volume #1, Issue #5, File #016 ]
                         [ "Editorial"  by Mustaine ]
            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              Just A Little Of My Gray Matter's Sputtering's
                          [Mustaine/Influenza]

     I wouldn't exactly want to call this an editorial, but that's what this
is.  For those of you who don't like reading editorials...sorry.  I am really
sorta pissed off.  Maybe you diehard MindWarp fans will remember the NetWare 
Hacking InfoPhiles I wrote in volume 0 of MindWarp?  Well, those two articles 
were originally meant for submission to another Zine, called Sphear.  Sphear 
is a sorta h\p zine, and the current manager\runner\whatever is Signal.  
Anyway.
     So I write these two articles for Sphear.  Took me a while too.  It's 
not an easy thing to write up information on hacking Novell NetWare.  It's 
not like I could have gone out, found a book on Hacking, and quoted.  But I 
did hack into my old school's LAN which was running NetWare...and those
InfoPhiles represented two years of constantly experimenting on a MCPS LAN..
without permission I might add.  
     So I write the articles, which I was supposed to do in conjunction with
a fellow named John Deere.  My original idea for writing these articles came
about from posts by myself and John Deere on Empire about hacking NetWare.  I 
figured since he knew what he was talking about..and was part of the staff of 
Sphear..that it might be a good idea for us to get together and write some
files on Net Hacking.  Well, I wrote my articles..zipped them up in a 
password protected file and uploaded them to Hangar 18 for John Deere and
Signal to check out.  John downloaded the files..but never did write his half 
of the articles.  Signal ignored my mail the first time and went ahead and 
published Sphear Number Five without my article.  I was pissed.  Then I go 
ahead and submit to MindWarp...knowing it will be published...and two days 
later Signal has the nerve to send me mail asking for my articles.  Finally 
he downloads the zip file and looks at it.  I figured..why the hell not?  
It's not like I thought he was gonna publish it.
     HA!  I then go away on vacation for 1 week and come back to find Sphear 
#6 released...with MY article.  Boy was I pissed.  My articles got
published...in two different zines.  For that I am happy and pleased that 
both Raven and Signal liked my writing.  What pisses me off is that Signal
sat on his butt and ignored my mail for about a month and made me wait 4ever.
What the hell?  If I needed this much crap...I would go back to middle 
school.  Now I realize I sound kinda harsh.  It's because I'm mad.  Sure I'm 
glad the article got published...but I wouldn't have had to sumbit to another 
zine with it if the manager of Sphear cared enough to read his e-mail every 
once in a while.
     At any rate I DO have some sort of short commentary-moral that I would
like to bring across to those people out there who were expecting some kewl
article.  Here we go.

     1) If you plan on running a zine...f*cking pay attention to the people
        submitting their efforts for publication.
     2) If you plan on being an incapable, sloppy, disorganized person,
        don't do it around me...especially where articles are concerned.
     3) If you step in dog shit while outside...well...next time LOOK.


                    Mustaine / iNFLueNZa iNC.



==============================================================================
       Call Arsonist's Arsenal BBS the Mind Warp WHQ - (301) 208-0847
==============================================================================
