(c) Copyright 1996 Conure.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





                               Nat

                            By Conure

[We left off...]

     ...I laid on top of her, still inside her tender quivering
body as she opened her eyes.  She was beautiful, her face lit by
the dim yellow of the fireplace, a tear ran down the side of her
face.

     I lowered my head and captured the drop with my tongue,
enjoying the salty taste, sharing it with her in our next kiss...



                             Part 2



     I rolled off of her onto my back.  She snuggled over against
me laying on her side. nestling her head on my chest.  We laid
together for a long time like that, listening to the ocean waves
crash onto the beach.

     It seemed like it was always meant to be, her and I here
together like this, touching and loving.  Natalie moved away,
propping her head up on her hand, elbow on the bed.  She was
beautiful, her eyes were so full and bright.

     She leaned forward and kissed me, and pulled away again. 
"Thank you, Dennis.  No one has ever done this for me," she said as
her eyes filled with tears, I got ready to say something and she
stopped me, "no, don't stop me... it's hard enough as it is, I
mean, telling some one my feelings.  I can't believe you thought
enough of me to do... all this," she said, looking at her
surroundings.

     She dropped her head down onto the thick fur, tears running
down her face, "I love you, Dennis.  Thank you."

     She curled into the fetal position and I wrapped my body
around her.  We talked about each other for a couple hours, but, I
had the feeling she was hiding something, well, not really hiding
but afraid to tell me.

     Oh well, there's always time to work around secrets.  After a
while we drifted off to sleep, together.

     I awoke just before dawn to Elsie's warning beeps, which only
sound in the room that is occupied by me.  "Elsie, what's up?" I
whispered, noting that Natalie wasn't in bed with me.

     "Good morning Dennis, sorry to awaken you, but your guest is
attempting to exit the estate and doesn't have proper access to
open the doors," she replied urgently.

     "Sheesh, give her access, please.  Name, Natalie.  Status,
level 4."

     "Level 4?  Not even family members have that access, dropping
to level 2."

     "Elsie, priority override, Conure 1, Natalie, level 4.  Thank
you."

     "Thank you," Elsie replied, "records updated."

     Sheesh, damn computer security systems, I thought!  I started
to drift off to sleep when I realized exactly what Elsie had said. 
My eyes flew open, "Elsie, where is Natalie now?"

     "She is on the rear Terrace."

     Ahhh, yes.  The rear terrace.  I bet she loves it there.  It
is set 1/2 flight lower than the master living room, and the most
beautiful terrace on the coast.  I got out of bed and as I pulled
on my shorts I felt something in the pocket and remembered her
father had given me something.

     I reached into the pocket and pulled it out.  Hahaha, it's a
rubber!!!  This was an amazing guy, but me thinks it's just a
little late for this.  I tossed it into the desk drawer and decided
not to tell Natalie.  I grabbed an oversized shirt from the closet
and carried it downstairs to the living room.

     I slid the door over and stepped out into the pre-sunrise
morning air.  The terrace has a sand floor with several dozen 20
foot palms planted in it's floor (the terrace is covered during the
winter with a custom made inflatable plastic bubble to keep the
plants warm).

     I wandered quietly towards the rail searching for my new
lover.  I finally spotted her, sitting nude in the sand.  She had
her arms wrapped around her legs, pulling them tight against her
body, her chin resting on her knees.

     She looked so perfect in the morning light.  I walked over to
her and wrapped the shirt over her shoulders, making her shiver. 
I sat next to her, placing an arm around her shoulders and pulling
her close.

     She snuggled, still holding her legs, and rested her head on
my shoulder.  She nuzzled and kissed my neck, saying nothing.

     "Beautiful, isn't it?"

     She nodded in response.  We sat there together in silence and
watched the sunrise.

     When the sun was up, she let go of her legs, shifting her
position, lifting her head off my shoulder.  I turned to look at
her and our lips met.  I turned toward her and settled on my knees,
allowing my hand to reach into the shirt and play with her breasts.

     She moaned, arching her back mashing her tit into my palm.  I
pulled away and stood, helping her up, we kissed and groped all the
way into the living room.

     Once inside, I put a foot behind her and pushed her backwards,
gently tripping her onto the ice cold marble floor.  I felt her
body tense as it got excited by the cold marble.

     We kissed, our tongues dancing together in her mouth, until I
thought she was ready.  Her face flush, nipples rock hard rising
and falling with her fast and broken.

     I rolled her onto her stomach, slipping the oversized shirt
off her thin body as she turned.  She gasped as the cold tiles bit
her breasts and tummy with their icy teeth.  She instantly arched
her back to pull them off the cold floor, but I gently pushed her
back down by the small of her back, easing her back to the icy-cold
floor.

     I knelt behind her and started to lick her tiny pink ass-hole. 
It drove her wild!!!  She stuck her rump up into the air, spreading
her legs wider and pushing herself a few inches off the floor with
her knees.

     It was an incredible sight, her hands grabbing and tugging her
own hair.  She tensed, gasped a ragged breath, as I slowly inserted
two fingers into her sore first-fucked pussy.

     I got into a rhythm, slowly finger fucking her pussy and
lashing her hole with my tongue.  She was going wild, gyrating her
hips and panting high pitched, "Uh... uhhhh... uhhhh..."

     She tried to speak, but I would speed up when she did, making
her eyes roll up into her head with pleasure.  I wanted to see
something, and I knew if I could get her to rub herself it would
turn both her and I on.  I worked her real hard until she was just
ready to cum and pulled my fingers from her pussy.

     "Ohhhhhhhhhhgod... why [pant pant pant] stop...
pplllllleeeaaaasseee... pusssssy..."  I leaned forward and took her
hand and brought it down to her pussy.  When I slid two of her
fingers into her own sopping pussy, she tensed and started to pull
them out, but I stopped her by grabbing her wrist and I started to
lick again.

     She relaxed as I licked and worked her hand up and down, her
fingers now coated with her delicious juices.  After a while, I let
her finger herself, she having lost her inhibitions in lust.

     I took my juice slicked middle finger and slowly inserted it
into her tight ass-hole.  She moaned and jerked, her hand moving
faster in her sopping wet pussy.

     Once she was beginning to get out of control, I pulled my
finger from her ass and shimmed towards her, slipping my cock head
into her pussy for lube, then pulled out and slid it into her ass,
pushing until the head disappeared in her hole.

     She yelped, lifting her head to look back at me with a
slightly hurt, but mostly excited look on her face.  I watched her
face as I inched my cock another inch deeper into her bowels.  She
closed her eyes and let herself slump back to the floor, her hand
taking up playing with her pussy.

     I pushed in a little deeper each stroke until I felt her
cumming and then sank myself in to the hilt.  She screamed in
orgasm as my dick stretched her ass to it's limits.

     She wriggled below me, her naked body writhing on the floor
trying to escape the ache that my cock had given her.  I lay on top
of her, not allowing her to escape my presence and waited until she
relaxed, her body adjusting to my hot cock.

     I slowly started to fuck her again and she responded quickly,
bucking and gyrating her hips against my groin.  We moaned in
unison as my balls slapped her thighs with each thrust.

     She started to howl as I felt her insides clench with a new
cum, and it was all I take.  I felt my balls take on that familiar
squeeze and then explode, shooting my broiling load into her ass.

     "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhh.... De-eh-eh... ohh
uggggggnnnnnn... mmmmm," was all she could utter, every time I
pounded her she would jerk her head back and moan/gasp with her
orgasm, her muscular body shuttering and twisting below me.

     It was definitely the most incredible cum I ever had, and I
think it was the most powerful she ever had with me, or ever for
that matter!!

     We collapsed on top another on the floor and I pulled her
trembling body to mine.  She spun around and kissed me wildly, her
hand pulling on my semi limp cock until I was hard again, and
pulled me onto her and roughly humped her pussy against me.

     "Please Dennis, I'm so fucking hot... pleeease..." and with
that, I shoved into her next thrust.  "OOhhhhh... I'm so sore...
please... fuhuuuck! ME!" she growled, moving onto her hands and
knees, looking over her shoulder.

     Her body was on fire, her pussy was so hot I fucked her like
there was not tomorrow.  I was lucky that I just came, it took me
while to build up another load, but I'm glad I came when I did, she
was so wild that I thought she was going to have a heart attack!!

     Her body was covered with goose bumps, and all I could hear
was her growl and the slap slap slap of our bodies clashing
together.

     She came hard, thrashing her head up and down, crying like
some one was killing her mercilessly as I shot my jiz into her
burning pussy.

     She dropped to the floor, exhausted and whimpering like a lost
little puppy, her body still spasming uncontrollably.  I waited
till I caught my breath and lifted her from the floor.  She kissed
me as I carried her into my chambers and lay her on the bed.

     She was asleep before I pulled the covers over her shivering
form.

     I showered and dressed, ran out to the car to get her leggings
and put them into the bathroom off my room so she could get dressed
after she woke up.  In the meantime, I left a message for her with
Elsie and went to get her some fresh clothes.

     I got into the car and drove about 18 miles inland to a beach
shop that is owned by my uncles friend.  I parked my Eclipse and
went in.

     "Ahhh!!!  Dennis!  How are you?  Jennifer!!  Come see who's
here!!  What brings you home?"

     "I decided to come down for the night to check the place out,
how ya been Mike?"

     "Thing's have been good.  Business is booming this year!"

     In walked the most adorable girl, green eyes, beautiful brown
tresses falling over her shoulders, dressed in what looked like a
t-shirt and panties.  Jennifer.  She loved to tease, and to suck. 
She had the perfect body for a 14 year old girl.

     Her mother died a few years back, and she hit on every guy in
sight, her dad had his hands full with this one.  The kid was an
exhibitionist for sure.

     "Hi Denny!!" she said as she ran over and gave me a hug, "Can
we go to the beach today?" she asked, green eyes gleaming at me.

     "Well, I have company right now..."

     "I'll tell you what Dennis, if you don't get out of here soon,
you're going to get stuck in anyway.  Didn't you hear about the big
storm coming?  There are storm warnings on every radio station."
     "Cripes, no, I didn't' know that.  I didn't turn Elsie full on
when I got in, and I had her pipe music to the car for the trip
over!  Looks like I'm stuck here for a while."

     "I guess so," Jen replied, smiling devilishly at me, "So whose
staying with you?"

     "Well, Jen, I'll tell you what.  Drop by later today and maybe
I'll introduce you to her," her father rolled his eyes, shaking his
head.

     "Is she pretty?"

     "Well, let's put it this way, I think she's beautiful."

     "So, Denny, I know you didn't come here to get the fifth
degree," he said, looking at Jen who scooted off after giving me a
hug, "What do you need?"

     I told him some good shorts, loose crop shirts, lace socks and
sneakers, bathing suit, etc, enough for a weeks stay and if I
needed more I could always come back.  I knew all the sizes because
I had Elsie scan her before I left.

     He showed me a suit, it was made of soft lamb skin, but it was
a very small shift on the bottom, just two pieces of the leather
hanging in front and in back, no cover for her nethers.  It was
perfect.

     An hour and a half later, I left with my goodies and saw it
was already beginning to cloud over.  Better get home soon.


      ***** >>>>> Meanwhile, back at the House <<<<< *****

     Natalie woke up in a very dark room.  She squinted in hopes of
finding some light seeping under the door but found none.  She
called for Dennis, but he didn't respond.  Finally, as panic
started to grab her, Elsie spoke.

     "Good morning, Lady Natalie.  How did you sleep?"

     "Okay.  Where's Dennis?"

     "He left you a message, I'll play it when you're ready."

     "Go ahead," she relaxed as the sound of his voice filled the
room.  When the message was over, she asked Elsie to turn up the
lights.

     The room seemed to glow.  It looked like she was inside a
cave, only dry and warm with a huge bigger-than-king sized be
inside.

     "Elsie, where the heck am I?"

     "You are in Dennis' bedroom.  His uncle had it specially
designed for him when he was a boy."

     "But, why a cave?"

     "Master Dennis very much liked medieval times, Knights and
Dragons, caves with treasures.  So Dr. Wilson designed this room,
specially for Dennis."

     "Wow, this Wilson guy was pretty cool."

     Natalie got out of bed and showered, the warm water feeling
great on her tired bod.  When she got out of the shower, she spoke
to Elsie.

     "Els?  Did it rail a lot last night, you know, from the
storm?"

     "The storm did not yet hit.  It is on the way.  According to
local radio stations all access routes to this area have been
closed.  Dennis is on his way home now, I just relayed a message to
him."

     "You can talk with him right now?"

     "Yes, and you can too if you would like."

     "No, I want to call home, to tell my mom and dad that I'm okay
but will be stuck here for a while."

     "Give me the number please..." and Natalie told Elsie the
number.  Natalie talked with her mom for a while, emphasizing she
was having a great time an told her where she was, and Elsie even
supplied a phone number for the house.

     When Natalie's mom asked who was there, Natalie replied it was
the maid!  When she hung up from her mother, she pulled on her
shirt and leggings and wandered through the house, Elsie guiding
the tour.

     "What was Dr. Wilson's favorite room, Elsie?"

     "The dungeon."

     "Show me where it is, I want to see it!!"

     Elsie lit the hallways for Natalie to follow and led her the
study.  When she entered the room, there was no place else to go. 
"Well, now what?" she asked, hands on her hips.

     There was the sound of motors running as one of the book cases
slid to the side, revealing a large room.  Natalie wandered in, the
case sliding back into position behind her.  She couldn't believe
what she saw.

     The room was full of ropes, chains, whips, cuffs and manacles. 
She was in awe, never having see so much gear in all her life!  She
opened one of the cabinets and found an entire assortment of dildos
and vibrators.

     Elsie explained the purpose of all of the tables and racks
around the room.  Natalie had seen enough for now, her curiosity
peeked.  She was on her way out when she caught a glimpse of a
black velvet choker on the desk.

     Natalie picked it up and put it around her neck.  It fit
perfectly, like it was made for her.  She looked into a full length
mirror on wall and smiled back at her reflection, pleased with her
find.

     She felt high, in love for sure, and not really sure how to
deal with it.  She was having a hard time trusting him... she
needed so badly to tell him why, but... she couldn't bear to think
of his reaction when she told him... and she didn't want to ruin it
with Dennis like she did with all the other guys of her past...

     "Elsie, you have any good tunes?"

     "I am programmed with over 15 million pieces, what style would
you like?"

     "Do you have any Loggins?  I feel like jammin'!"

     The house filled with very loud music and Natalie moved into
the living room, bopping to the rhythm, and it wasn't long before
the music took total control of her.

       ***************************************************

     When I pulled up under the house I had Elsie drop the deck
(the house is raised on pillars a floor and a half above the
ground, for protection against flooding.  The 'deck' is on the
first floor of the house, it's kind of like those elevators they
use to lift the jets to the top of aircraft carriers) to get the
car off the ground level for the storm.

     I sat in the car as it was pulled up into the house.  I got
out and opened the door to the foyer to be barraged by what sounded
like Loggins tunes.  I asked Elsie what was going on.

     "Master Dennis, Natalie is in the living room.  Would you like
me to inform her that you are home?"

     "No, thank you Elsie, that won't be necessary," I answered,
and carried the packages I brought back into the living room, and
when I walked in, I certainly didn't expect what I saw!!
     She was great, her hard lithe body swaying and rocking with
the beat of the music, her bare feet slapping the floor, her hips
rocking with the rhythm.

     I watched as her top flitted up and exposed her firm tummy and
breasts.  She made it through two songs before realizing I was
there.  She stopped dead in her tracks, mortified to have been
caught in such a dreadful act as dancing!!!

     She looked down at her feet, toying with her fingers as she
asked Elsie to stop the music.  I grinned and walked over to my
very embarrassed lover, taking her hands in mine and kissing her
warm forehead.

     She collapsed into my arms, hugging me tight.

     "You looked like you were having fun, why'd you stop?"

     She giggled, "I... um... never did that before, and I, ya
know, kinda thought it would be... fun."

     "And was it?"

     She hesitated, pulling back and looking at my face, "Yeah...
you're not mad at me?"

     "Why would I be mad?!?!?  I brought you here for a good time,
didn't I??"

     She nodded.  I put my hand under her chin and brought her face
up to mine, and that's when I noticed she had a choker on her neck. 
I knew that choker and smiled.  "I see you found my uncles rec
room."

     She blushed profusely at this, trying to turn her head away,
but was met with a kiss on the lips.  "It's really fine.  Listen,
I brought you back some things from the store."

     She stripped and modeled everything, and I could tell by the
look on her face that she especially liked the bikini.  "Oh Dennis,
I love this suit, it makes me feel so, undressed!!!"

     We mooched on the couch for a while, cuddling together,
touching and feeling, watching the dark dark storm clouds roll in. 
The rain began, then the fierce winds.  It was an awesome sight,
the waves reaching 20 feet swells and smashing on the surf.

     The tide had risen to about 30 feet away from the house, this
storm was going to make a mess.  As we lay together on the couch,
I was running my fingers along the choker, lightly touching her
skin.

     It was exciting her, her face flush and her breathing came in
short almost huffy gasps.  "Natalie, would you like to fool around
in the play room?"

     I saw the expression on her face change, and wasn't sure what
it meant, but she answered me in her deep sex-want throaty voice,
"Yes."  We got off the couch and I led her to the room, she never
lifted her head the entire time, I was becoming more and more
excited by her seeming submissiveness.

     We entered the room and I let go of her hand.  We kissed and
stepped away from her.  She was playing great, slowly backing up to
the wall, her face played full of fear, her eyes open wide and
starting to fill with tears.

     I picked up a leather strap and walked up to her, taking her
hands and pinning them to the wall over her head.  She started to
cry and then I got worried, "Hey," I whispered, "Are you okay?"

     She nodded yes and attempted to smile, "Nat, we can stop
this..." but she interrupted me with a kiss.  I let go of her hands
and let my fingers stray down her bare sides, making her shutter
with anticipation.

     She lowered her hands and reached for my zipper, but like
lightning, I grabbed her wrists with my right hand and put her
hands at her chest, holding her tight to the wall while tieing the
leather strap tightly around her wrists.

     Faster than I could see or respond, her head began to shake
from side to side, she screamed, "NO!!!  PLEASE DON'T HURT ME
AGAIN!!!  I DIDN'T MEAN IT!!!!!!!"  She hit me in the head and
pushed me to the floor.  She leapt over me and ran from the room
sobbing, her hands still bound in front of her.

     'Oh fuck me!!!' I freaked!!!  I shook off the initial shock of
the hit and ran after her, "NATALIE!!!  Come back!!!  I'm not gonna
hurt you..." but it was to late, she had run down the steps and out
onto the beach.

     By the time I got outside she was gone in the mist, running
towards the ocean in the storm, I lost sight of her quickly.  I
started to run after her but her footprints had already been washed
away by the rain.

     I ran into the car garage and got into the sand buggy, it was
equipped with high intensity flood lights, what I was going to need
if I was to find her.  I drove over to the deck and lowered the
buggy.  Before the deck even hit the ground I took off, over the
dune and onto the beach, moving off in the same direction Natalie
left in.

     I was panicked, what if she got hit by a wave, how was she
going to swim with her hands tied?!?!  I kept driving along the
tide line, which was going out, and looking for her in the intense
crawling beams of the bug.
     I heard a roar to my left, and looking in that direction I saw
a wave was about to overtake the buggy, I pulled hard right and
floored it, outrunning the thunderous crash behind me.

     I shot up the beach toward the house and slammed on the brakes
as the white brilliance engulfed Natalie.  Christ, I can't believe
I got her!!!

     She was on her knees, hands in the sand between them, her head
lowered, the wind and rain hitting her young body.  She was
shivering, sobbing so loud that I could hear her over the storm. 
She didn't see me at first, but when she did, she screamed and
started to run again, but I caught her when she tripped in the
sand.

     She lay there, crying and appearing defeated.  I took her by
the arm and she yanked away, jumping to her knees, "DON'T TOUCH
ME!!!  I DON'T WANNA HURT... PLEASE!!!!" she yelled.

     I was panicked, what the fuck am I supposed to do??!?!?! 
"Natalie, it's me, Dennis.  What's the matter?!"  She looked up at
me and collapsed on the sand, crying hysterically.

     I knelt down next to her, pulling her up and holding soaked
trembling body tight to mine until her uncontrolled sobbing
subsided.

     She spoke to me in between broken sobs, "I'm sorry... Den. 
It's just..."

     "Shhhh, calm down, baby.  I didn't mean to hurt you..." Oh
great, wrong thing to say, she just broke down again, her body
heaving against mine as the second onslaught of tears shook her
body.

     I held her tight until she calmed again.  I picked her up in
my arms and carried her back to the buggy, slipping her into the
passenger seat and strapping her in.

     I got in and started back, the wind and rain were so bad that
visibility was only 4 or 5 feet.  "Elsie, turn on the guidance
system please, I can't see where the hell I'm going."  With that,
a panel on the front lit up showing me I was about 4.5 miles from
the house.

     Great, it would take just about an hour to get back driving
like this, but, the nice thing about the guidance system was the
buggy would stop automatically if something were in front of it
that I couldn't see.

     I looked over at Natalie and she held out her hand.  I took it
in mine and rested it on the console between us.  She lowered her
head, kissing then resting her head on our joined hands.  I thought
we were going to ride back in silence when she spoke, telling me
her story.

     "Den, I need to tell you this.  Please don't hate, I've only
trusted two other guys with this and they dumped me, said I was
wacky.  I *need* you Dennis, you make me feel great to be *me*.  Do
you understand that?" she asked, looking up at me from her resting
place.

     "Yeah, I do.  I love you Natalie, I don't know what could have
possibly happened to you, but I love you anyway..."

     And so began her story...


              ********** Natalie's Story **********

     When she was 14, she met a guy and had the worlds worst crush
on him.  He asked her to the senior prom, and she gladly accepted. 
She went shopping with her mom for the perfect gown, perfect shoes,
the whole works.

     That prom night, she dressed.  Her gown was so low cut it
didn't offer her any type of bra, just the gown.  She decided to go
bold, and didn't wear any pantyhose or panties, since no one could
tell.  She was electrified.

     When her date showed up in his tux, she melted.  They kissed,
her mom and dad taking some pix of them both and they were off.  He
was a gentleman to her all night, until he went outside and had a
couple of beers.

     When he came back, he took her to a corner and they started to
make out.  She got excited and they left the auditorium and slipped
into the school.

     He led her through the dark stairwells of the high school
until they emerged on the third floor, the English departments
floor.  He pinned her to the wall and they began to kiss,
passionately.

     He knelt down and removed her shoes, throwing them into the
darkness of the halls.  She became excited at the feel of her bare
feet on the cold tile floors of the school.

     He slid his hands around her waist and undid her gown, letting
it fall to the floor, exposing her body to the cool night summer
air.  There was something exhilarating about standing barefooted
and naked in very hallways you walked every day clothed for school!

     She was excited, but he started to get rough and it scared
her.  He slammed her against the wall with his body, her head
banging the lockers behind her, the master combination lock biting
into her lower back as he pressed against her.

     Soon, he unzipped his pants and with harsh motions was hurting
her as he tried to rape her with his hand.

     "No... stop, don't... OWWWW!!!  You're hurting me!!  STOP
IT!!!"  But he became nasty.  She didn't know what to do, so she
brought her knee up between his legs.  He doubled over, emitting a
"Doooooooohhhhp" sound as he dropped.

     She ran from him, grabbing up her gown and running naked down
the hall hoping to find a room to hide in long enough to get her
dress on and run back to the dance and call her parents.  She was
never so scared in her life.

     Finally she found a room and closed the door behind her, but,
she wasn't fast enough.  He barged into the room and was on top of
her in seconds, knocking her down onto the teachers desk.

     He pulled the white handkerchief from his pocket and tied it
around her wrists then wrapped the remainder around her neck.  She
was unable to move her hands, but when she did, the hanky would
tighten around her neck, making it difficult to breath.  He removed
his belt and tied her ankles together, pulling the belt so tight
she shrieked in pain from the pressure.

     "So you fucking cunt, you like pain?!  That wasn't a very
fucking nice thing to do, *bitch*" he emphasized the word bitch by
punk slapping her face.  She began to cry.

     "Please, don't hurt me, I just wasn't ready."

     "Well, miss just wasn't ready, I wasn't ready to get kicked in
fucking balls, so, Here is YOUR payback!"

     He pushed her onto the floor, her body colliding with the
teachers hard plastic chair on her fall to the floor.  She heard
his heels clicking on the cheep tiled floors and then he was behind
her.  He kicked her over onto her back.  He was holding the wooden
pointer that the teachers use.

     He began to beat her with it.  She screamed but it didn't
matter, she thought he would kill her before anyone got there. 
After about 60 or 70 lashings, the pointer broke.  His temper now
gone, he pulled her onto her hands and knees and went into a
kicking frenzy, not caring where the hard pointed toes of his dress
shoes fell.

     She remembered involuntarily losing her bladder, the hot
stream of urine running down her legs and making a puddle at her
hands and some one bursting through the door and the lights going
on before the final kick to her face.  She woke up in the hospital,
her body aching from the beating.  Her mother was there, holding
her hand.

     "Oh god, baby... are you okay?"
     All Natalie could do was cry.  It took months for the bruises
to go away, and it took over a year before kids stopping pointing
at her in the halls and stores.  She felt alone, separated from the
rest of world because of the prom dance.  She thought it would be
impossible to love or trust any one again, until she met me...

             ********** **************** **********

     She was crying, her hot tears stinging my hand as she
finished.  My hand hurt, she had started to clutch it harder and
harder as the story went on.

     I pulled on to the deck and parked the buggy.  I got out and
went around, taking her from her seat and carried her into the
bedroom, putting the torches on the wall to low burn and turning up
the heat.

     I got a towel from the bathroom and started to dry her.  I
went to untie the leather strap but she stopped me.  "No Dennis, I
trust you to do *anything* you want to me.  Will you hold me?"

     I led her to the bed and gently put her under the covers and
got into the other side.  She rested her head on my chest and
started to sob, but this time it was from relief of being accepted.

     When her sobbing subsided, I rolled her onto her back and
climbed on top, slowly penetrating her with my hard cock.  She
gasped and ahhhhed as I slipped in.  I grabbed her ankles and
pushed them up toward her head until she wrapped her hands around
her feet, allowing me total access to her pussy, slowly pumping her
until she was writhing and shaking below me in orgasm.  She came
with a grunting fury.

     I pulled out and slid my glistening cock into her mouth and
she sucked me until I came, emptying my load into her mouth, her
cheeks filling for a moment before she swallowed, allowing a little
to run from the corner of her mouth.

     I collapsed on top her, kissing her face and cleaning the
remaining cum off her chin.











--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
