(c) Copyright 1996 Conure.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





                               Nat
                             Part 1

                            By Conure



     When I turned 17, my father's business was going great, and he
decided that after all his years of hard work, he and Mom were
going to build their dream house.

     So he retired, took all his money and bought a beautiful place
in 'upstate' New York, little town called Middletown.  We moved
into what seemed like a mansion on Highland Avenue and started our
lives.

     One day I was out cleaning my car when I saw a car pull in the
driveway next door.  It stopped just outside their garage and the
engine stopped.  Out of the car came a really hot chick.  She was
about 5'2" with short red hair, blue eyes you could see a mile
away.  Her body was thin and firm, it could wear out the best guys!

     She was busy with who I guess was her mother when she saw me
in the yard.  She said Hello then went about her business.  Oooh
boy!  This was a lucky break!!!  God, what a neighbor!!!

     A few days later I finally met her.  I was mowing the back
lawn and I saw her watching me from out property line.  Appearing
happy that she caught my attention, she her hand out which was
holding a cup of what looked like a very welcome cool drink.  I
waved back and shut the mower down. 

     I started walking over and she said, "Hi!  You look hot, want
some coke?" she asked, still holding her hand out.

     "Oh, yeah!  That's great, thanx.  My name's Dennis," I reached
out and took the cup, "and you're..."

     "Natalie," she said grinning.  God, she has a smile that
lights up the world.  She looked directly into my eyes, I looked
back, drinking in the shine of her sparkling eyes.

     "So, Natalie, what do people do in this town for fun?"

     "Well, most people invite their new neighbors over to go for
a swim."  And noting that they didn't have a pool, I asked.

     "Okay, you wanna come over for a swim?"

     "COOL!"  It was then that I noticed what she was wearing.  A
big loose sweat shirt and a pair of tennis shoes.  Her long thin
legs were firm and tan, and looked so baby soft.  OOOh boy, Okay,
better cool it or I'll have a hard on so big it'll push all the
water from the pool!!!
     Suddenly, she grabbed her shirt and pulled it off, revealing
her bikini clad body!  I stood there in shock, my eyes unable to
believe what they see.

     Natalie giggled and took my hand, "Come on, where's the pool?"

     I led her through the gate to the pool.  She slipped off her
sneakers and jumped in.  I stripped to my shorts and was right
behind her.

     We played and wrestled around in the pool for a while when
Natalie suggested we get out and catch some sun.  I agreed and we
climbed out and lay on the lounge chairs next to the pool.

     I looked over at Natalie and noticed she was starting to burn. 
"Natalie, you want me to rub some lotion on you?  It looks like
you're starting to burn."

     She lifted her head and smiled at me, "I thought you'd never
ask!!  Thanx!"  She rolled over onto her tummy and relaxed as I
began to rub the lotion into her shoulders.  When I got down near
her hips, I moved down to her feet and moved up her legs.

     As I got closer to her bottom, she spread her legs apart so I
could get inside her thighs.  When I finished, she seemed to be a
little hot.

     She rolled over and I started at her shoulders.  As I started
rubbing, she opened her eyes and looked up at me, her mouth
slightly open, inviting my next move.  I leaned down and kissed
her.  She tasted fantastic... like strawberry (obviously she used
chapstic or something yummi like that).  I nibbled on her lower lip
and she moaned.

     I moved my hands down to her chest and started to rub her
breasts.  She arched her back, forcing her firm breasts into my
hands and untied her top.  She relaxed and pulled her top off,
exposing the most beautiful full breasts that I have ever seen on
a girl her age.

     She writhed and arched her back as I kneaded her breast and
nipples.  I squirted more lotion on and moved down her tummy.  Her
belly quivered as I moved down.  I stopped at the top of her
bikini.

     She shifted her hips up, but I moved down the lounge chair and
started at her feet again.

     This time as I neared her crotch, she moved her legs off the
sides of the lounge, placing her feet flat on the cement patio. 
Her crotch was spread wide open, I could see some red hairs
sticking out from the damp crotch of the suit.

     I continued my massage until I was inches from the thin
material covering her nether region.  When I started to remove my
hands, she reached up and pulled me back, her eyes pleading with
me.  I looked up and our eyes met, "Please... I've never done this
before... don't stop, okay?"

     Well, who the hell am I to argue!!!  I continued, pouring some
lotion onto her suit I picked up where I left off, then slowly, I
began to rub her through the suit.

     I searched for her clit through the thin material, and when I
found it she went crazy!  Her firm body trembling as I rubbed.

     She bit her lower lip and grunted, "Ump... ummp ummp ummmmm,"
her head tossing from side to side.  I used my free hand to untie
the strings on her suit and removed the bottoms.

     I slid my fingers between her lips and she cried out, wildly
humping my hand.  I lowered my head and sucked one of her orange
sized breasts into my mouth, her nipple instantly hardening under
my tongues scrutiny.

     She was sliding all over the chair, her senses gone wild.  I
licked my way down her belly as I slid a finger into her blazing
wet hole.  I licked all the way down to the top of her slit, then
pushed my tongue in her wet groove.

     When my tongue found her clit, she started to cry, "Please...
Den.. uhhh... ohhh... I-uh... uhhhnnnn... Den... ssoooooo, gooo-
ood!"  She was writhing and sliding wildly on the lounge, she began
to hump my face so hard I thought her pelvic bone was going to
bloody my nose, I pushed on her tummy with my other hand, feeling
my fingers inside her and hoping to keep her a little more still.

     That was all it took, between my tongue, fingers and the
feelings my hand on her fluttering tummy set her off.

     "Arrrrr..... unnnggggggrrrr-UGGHHHHHHHnnnn!!" she was growling
like a small dog, I watched from below as her chest heaved and her
body bucked, moving in rough jerking motions as orgasm drained her
body of every ounce of energy until she collapsed on the lounge,
pushing my head away lightly and begging me to stop between pants. 
She grabbed my wrist and pulled me on top of her and we started
kissing.  She was great.

     I pulled my head away and she lifted her head to follow me,
mouth invitingly open, but I put my finger to her lips and pushed
her back down, her eyes wide, glossy and pleading the whole time,
"Shhhhh... Natalie, will you go out with me tonight?"

     Gasping, she nodded yes.  "Great," I said, "Let's calm you
down now.  Go home and I'll come by around 8.  Okay?"

     She managed to say "Okay," with a very parched voice, she
sounded as if she hadn't had a sip to drink in weeks!
     We lay together for a while, enjoying her naked trembling body
below me.  After some time, she was ready to get up.  I helped
stabilize her as she got off the chair, her knees still unsteady.

     I watched her dress, covering her newly explored sexuality
with the small thin suit.  She started to walk away then ran back
and we embraced, once again kissing hotly, her hands on the back of
my head, I love when girls do that!

     Her hands started to roam down my body until she found my
raging hard-on and started squeezing.  I pulled away, she looked
hurt.

     "Tonight, Natalie."  She turned away and started home, she
looked back at me once more and smiled as she ran back to her
house, grabbing her sweatshirt along the way.

     When I walked into the house I almost shit, Natalie's mom was
sitting at the kitchen bar having tea with my mother.

     "Dennis, this is Natalie's mom, Marie."

     "Hello, Marie, nice to meet you!  I invited Natalie to go out
with me tonight, if you don't mind, that is."

     "No, not at all!  She's been down lately, take her all night
and have a great time!"

     'Oh FUCK!' I thought to myself, 'Yeah, I'm gonna TAKE her all
right!!'  I had it all planned out.  My uncle died and left me his
beach home.  I can go there when ever I want, but I didn't really
have the need to until now!!  Only a three hour drive, and worth
every impatient second of it!!!

       ***************************************************

     8pm rolled around faster than I could have imagined.  A friend
of mine had taught me how to make the thing that sumo-wrestlers
wear, so I wrapped it on and then put on a pair of shorts and a
nice shirt.  Last but not least, leather boat shoes, she was gonna
sweat for me tonight!

     I parked my car into her driveway and knocked on the front
door.  Her mom answered and invited me it.  I met her father and we
hit if off right away.  Her mom went to get her and her father
walked over and put his arm around me.

     "Son, I'm amazed.  I have never seen my daughter so taken with
a young man.  He held out his hand and stuffed something into my
pocket, "That's for later, treat her well." he said with a smile.

     Natalie finally made her way downstairs.  I was hard the
second I saw her.  She was wearing pixie boots, her leggings
stopping about four inches above the boots.  She was wearing a
friendship band around her left ankle.  I followed the leggings up
to her silk see-through dancers skirt.  On her top she had a very
loose fitting falling off one shoulder tank top.  Oh boy, she was
really hot.

     She gave me a kiss then hugged her mom and dad good bye.  We
ran out to the car and were off.  "Where we goin'?"

     "A place," I said back.

     "Where?!" she leaned over and kissed my ear, "C'mon, tell me! 
Please?" she gave me the most lost innocent look, I had to give her
some sort of answer.

     "Do you like the beach?"

     "Yes."

     "Well, if you are a good girl, maybe you'll be able to run
naked down the coast tonight."  She could only look back at me,
unable to say a word, her eyes gleaming.

     We talked all the way down.  When we were 20 minutes away from
the house, I pulled off the Garden State and into a rest area.  It
was dark, the only light was from the street lamp.

     I turned toward her, "Natalie, do something for me?"

     She nodded, "What ever you want."

     "Okay.  Take off your leggings and put them into the trunk." 
She looked at me surprised, started to say something and stopped. 
She slipped out of her boots, got out of the car and slid them off. 
I could see the outline of her hips and crotch through the flimsy
material.

     She walked around to the back of the car and tossed them into
the trunk.  Walking back, she stood outside the car and put one
foot on the seat, exposing her shadowed crotch and slid into her
boots, one at a time.

     She was obviously excited when she sat back down, she couldn't
stop running her hands up and down her now free legs.  To add to
her excitement, I blindfolded her before we left.

     I pulled up to the electronic gate and entered the code.  The
gate opened and I drove in.  I parked a good distance from the
house and killed the engine.

     "Natalie, before I show you this house, I want you to know
that I really love you."  As she got ready to answer I yanked the
blindfold off and she gasped, covering her mouth with her hands.

     The place was fantastic.  My Uncle bought a piece of property
right on the beach.  The entire yard was sand, with dunes in the
back!  My Uncle built it, it was his pride and joy, the only thing
he had in his life until the day he dropped dead from a heart
attack.

     It was a tribute to the wealth of modern technology and
architecture.  Everything in the house was computer controlled, and
since he was an electronics genius, everything was voice activated,
to him and I, exclusive.  Yeah, it would learn others, but only if
I told it to.

     "This is really outrageous, Denny.  God.. can we go inside?! 
Please?!"  I laughed and we got out of the car.  We walked to the
front door hand in hand.

     "Hello Elsie," I said, speaking to the computer, "open then
door please."

     An older female voice responded, "Hello Master Dennis, the
door is unlocked.  Welcome home."

     "Thank you, Elsie."

     "WOW!!  The computer know's your home??!!"

     "Yeah, it doesn't have a lot in the way of artificial
intelligence, it just knows when to respond and how.  My Uncle was
working on improving it's intelligence, but died.  It has been
learning, but since no one has been here, it hasn't had any
interaction."

     She was in awe.  When we got into the foyer, she stood and
gawked, "This is so beautiful!!"

     "Hey, and think, it's only the hall entrance!"  This earned a
loving smack in the arm.

     I took her hand and started to lead her into the master living
room and she stopped.  "Denny, I want to ask you something, but
don't, like, think I totally weird, okay?" she asked, her head
tilted to one side.

     "Go for it."

     "Can I like, I can't believe I going to ask you this," she
said, looking away and blushing, "Can I like, see this place,
uhmm... the first time... naked, you know, kinda like the virgin I
am?"

     "Natalie, I would absolutely love that."  She grinned and
started to strip, her face still flush.  She was nude, she took my
hand and I led her into the master living room.

     The master living room was on the ocean side of the house, two
stories of glittering glass, affording one of the most luxurious
views of the ocean I ever saw, especially when standing on the loft
over the living room, next to the fireplace.

     "Oh, Dennis, this is really incredible.  It's so warm and...
I don't know what to say!!!"

     "Well, you could ask me to take you up to the loft and start
a fire to chase away these goose bumps covering your beautiful
body."

     "Oh Dennis, a FIREPLACE?!?!?" she asked in disbelief.

     "Yeah, come on."  We ran up the circular staircase to the
loft.  On the way, I asked Elsie to start the fire (it was a gas
unit, but it was romantic just the same).

     That was all it took, Natalie dropped to her knees at the rail
over the living room, mouth agape as she took in the view of the
ocean.

     "Natalie, you want something to drink?"

     She nodded, too entranced by her surroundings.  As I prepared
the drinks, she stood and wandered over to the soft fur rug that
was on a raised circular pedestal.  She felt it and found the
pedestal to be very soft, she sat down on the edge and looked out
at the ocean.

     I handed her a coke and we drank in silence, she admiring the
ocean and fire, me admiring her body, warmly lit by the firelight. 
I took her glass when she was finished.  I walked back over to the
pedestal and climbed on, taking her into my arms.

     She wrapped her legs around me, pulling me closer to her as we
kissed.  She was trembling again, I love when her body shows her
excitement.  I pulled away and slid off my shorts and shoes,
leaving me in the wrap.

     She scooted to the edge of the bed and stood up.  I held her
close to me and we kissed.  She pulled away and whispered, "I want
you to take me every way I can be taken, I trust you.  Be as rough
as you want... please"

     "Only if you promise to tell me if I'm hurting you," I said.

     She looked deeply into my eyes and nodded yes, then she
lowered he head and kissed my chest and belly, slowly working her
way down my legs, her hands seeming to touch every part of my body.

     She dropped to her knees at my feet.  She dropped her head and
began to lick and kiss my feet, her tongue slowly slipping between
each of my toes.

     I never had a girl do this to me and loved the feeling of
having her do this to me was incredibly erotic.  I loved it when
girls played submissive with me.

     After paying a great deal of attention to my feet, she raised
her head and looked at me.

     She undid my wrap and freed my raging cock, tossing the thin
material to the side.  She opened her mouth and wrapped her warm
moist lips around my throbbing cock.

     She sucked me slow and steady, her tongue working wonders on
my raging sex.  She would bring me close then intentionally slow
down, making me groan in frustration.

     I caught on to her game and the next time I got close, I
grabbed a handful of her hair in my hand from the back of her head
and shoved her head down hard onto my rigid cock.  I felt the back
of her throat, tensing and gagging with my large load.

     She tried to push away, then stopped, obviously remembering
her request and not wanting me to stop.  I came hard as I watched
her body twitch and jerk as she choked and spasmed on my cum-
spilling cock lodged in her throat.

     She tried desperately to swallow it all, but a few good sized
drops ran from the corner of her mouth.  I released her head and
she pulled off, wrapping her arms around my legs and hugging me
tight, her head resting on my saliva coated cock.

     I put my finger under her chin and gently persuaded her onto
the bed.  I wasn't ready to take her yet, but I spread her legs and
knelt between them.

     I started by licking towards her slit, careful not to touch
it.  I looked over her belly to watch her reactions.  Her eyes were
closed and her head was rolling from side to side, her hands
clenching the fur rug and pulling, giving the illusion of her
wrists being held by some make believe manacles.

     I slowly and carefully slid my tongue into her groove and she
shuttered, her back arching as my tongue found her swollen clit. 
Natalie was very hot, her pussy was sopping wet from all the
attention it was receiving.

     "Denny... please, mnnmnnn, put your f-f-f-finger... uh.. in...
ma.. my, mmmmm, pussssyy...." she pleaded.

     I was ready, and so was she.  I pushed myself off her and
moved up, carefully placing my cock at her opening.  When my head
hit her opening, she tried to get me inside her by bucking her
hips, but I slapped her rear to get her attention.

     She shot me the hottest look I ever saw from a girl, but she
stopped bucking.  I pushed slowly in, forcing her to savor every
inch of my broiling cock as I slid in.  She was moaning in a deep
grovly voice, saying my name over and over again as I inched in.

     Her face was flush, beads of sweat formed on her forehead when
I finally came to the obstacle of her maidenhead.  I pushed a
little and she winced in pain.  I calmly and quietly spoke to
Elsie, "El, fantasy one."

     The huge room was suddenly filled with the sound of the waves
pounding the beach from the oncoming storm.  This was all it took,
I saw Natalie's eyes close in ecstasy as I pulled back an inch and
sank my cock deep inside her.  She cried out as her hymen ripped
and she came at the same time.

     She lay beneath me, I could feel her chest rising and falling
as she panted from the loss of her virginity.  After her breathing
neared normal, I reached up and took her hands in mine, making sure
that I kept her hands above her head and started to make love to
her for the first time.

     We kissed occasionally, but mostly I watched her face as I
gave her the very first fuck of her life.  Her eyes never left mine
until she closed them for a thrashing orgasm, and after she came,
I increased my pace and brought her to a second orgasm with me.

     I laid on top of her, still inside her tender quivering body
as she opened her eyes.  She was beautiful, her face lit by the dim
yellow of the fireplace, a tear ran down the side of her face.

     I lowered my head and captured the drop with my tongue,
enjoying the salty taste, sharing it with her in our next kiss.













--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....