                        Natalie's Punishment
                        
   8:20pm...  Natalie was late...  She knew that tonight was the 
night that she was going to be punished...  She also knew that being 
late was a no-no.  She was doing it on purpose: Natalie loved me to 
punish her.  That was my job.

   She came by about once a week, telling me some bad thing that she 
did, and asking me to punish her...  It was my job to punish her 
well, and to make sure that such an event, real or imagined (most 
were imagined), did not occur again.

   I was almost out of things to do to punish her.  I needed some new 
ideas.  She was not feeling the spankings as much, and was starting 
to like the anal sex.  Then I thought of a new punishment: Enemas.  I 
was not sure if she was going to like them or not, but I wanted to 
see if I liked giving her one.

   I had already bought the bag, tube, and nozzle, and had plans to 
use them on her tonight.  As I was going over the events to come in 
my mind, I heard a knock on the door of my log cabin.  I opened it, 
to see Natalies face, with her eyes lowered.

   "Hello, James", she said.  "I am sorry I am late.. I got tied up 
in tra..."

   I cut her off.  "I don't want to hear it!"

   Her head lowered.

   "You know that being late is only going to mean extra punishment 
for you.  You are supposed to be here on time, not 10 minutes late, 
not 20 minutes late, not late at ALL!"

   "I know.", she said.

   "Come in!"

   She came inside, and sat down on the couch.  I went to get her a 
glass of wine.  I always gave her a drink before she told me what she 
did wrong, and got punished.

   She drank the glass of wine quickly.  After she finished her wine, 
she began to tell me what she had done wrong.

   "I've really done it this time," she said.  "I got into a fight 
with my boss at work, and he was going to fire me.  I begged him not 
to, and told him that I would do anything.  He told me that he would 
reconsider if I blew him and his friend.  I did.  I knew that it was 
wrong, and I should have gone to the authorities, but I did it 
anyway.  That was not the bad part.  The bad part was that I enjoyed 
doing it.  I blew him like I never did before.  And I loved every 
minute of it.  I even wanted to start another fight just so I could 
do it again."

   "And that is what you need to be punished for?"

   "Yes."

   I loved hearing her ask to be punished by me.  She was so 
submissive to me, and I loved to punish her.

   "Go get ready.", I told her.  

   She walked into the guest room where she would get ready for me.  
She was used to this procedure.  All she really had to do was strip 
down to her panties, and they had to be thin white ones that were 
worn just for this occasion.

   As she was getting ready I went upstairs to the bedroom to get 
everything that I would need together.  Two pillows, a tube of K-Y, 
condoms, and a silk scarf.  I brought the enema bag into the bathroom 
where I would fill it later.  I also brought the tube of K-Y in with 
me.  I filled the sink with hot water, and dropped the tube in it.  I 
then returned to my bedroom and sat on my bed, waiting for her to 
come in.

   I heard her walking up the stairs.  "Hurry up!", I commanded.  I 
heard her footsteps get faster, and within a few seconds her 
semi-naked body was standing in the doorway to my bedroom.  I looked 
at her for a few seconds.

   She was really beautiful...  About 5'4", shoulder length curly 
light brown hair, large breasts, and an ass that was not to big, but 
not too small, either.  It was made for spanking.

   "Turn around!", I said.  She nodded, and slowly turned around 
showing me her beautiful ass.

   "Come over here!"

   She slowly walked over to me.

   "Are you ready?", I asked.

   "Yes..."

   "Are you sure?"

   "Yes.  I have been a bad girl, and I need to be punished."

   "Okay, then.  Come over here, and get into position."

   She placed herself across my lap, and placed her hands on the 
floor.

   "I am going to give you 30 spanks, for a start.  You must hold 
still for them, and count them off, or else I will tie your hands, 
and add another 20 spanks.  Do you understand?"

   "Yes.", she replied.

   I looked at her beautiful ass, with the panites covering most of 
it.  I rubbed my hand over it for a few seconds.  It felt cool.  That 
would soon change.

   I then lifted my hand off her ass, then placed it back on her ass 
and started rubbing it again.  I did this a few more times, and then 
suprised her with the first spank, landing it on her left cheek.

   *SMACK*

   She jumped a little, being caught off guard.

   "Umm!  Uh, one..."

   I brought down another one to the right cheek.

   *SMACK*

   "Two..."

   Back to the left.

   *SLAP*

   "Three..."

   I continued alternating smacks until the 10th one, then I started 
to hit both cheeks at once, moving around her ass.  Her ass was 
starting to develop a overall soft pink color around her panties.  It 
looked nice.  I felt that it was time for them to come off, so I 
brought her panties down to her feet, and then threw them onto the 
floor.  The spanking then continued.

   *SMACK*  *SLAP*  *SMACK*  *SMACK*

   "Eleven...  Ow!  Twelve...  Uhh!  Thirteen...  Fourteen..."

   I rained more slaps down on her, and they got harder and harder.  
I wanted her to try to reach back and stop the spanking, so that I 
could punisher her more, but her hands stayed on the floor.

   **SMACK!**  **SMACK!**

   "Ouch!  Fifteen.  *SNIFF*  Sixteen!"

   She was starting to sob..  I knew that it would not be long now...

   **SMACK!**

   "*SOB!*  Seventeen!"

   **SMACK!**

   "Oww!  I won't do it again, James!  I promise!  *SOB!*"

   "What did you say!?", I asked.

   "Nothing...  *SNIFF!*  I mean, eighteen."

   I continued the spanking, with the smacks getting harder and 
harder each time.  Around the 23rd smack, one of her hands came off 
of the floor.  I knew that I had her.  When I landed the 24th smack, 
one of her hands went to cover her ass.  I expected this, and grabbed 
it with one hand, and the scarf with the other.

   Her other hand came up to free the first one, and I caught it as 
well.  I now had both of her hands, and started to tie them together 
behind her back.

   "No!  *SOB!*  Don't tie me up!  I won't try to stop you again!", 
she screamed.

   "That's too bad!  You should not have tried in the first place!", 
I replied.

   After I finished tying her hands up, I placed her on her feet.  I 
could see that tears had already started to fall, and I could see the 
stains from them on her face.  I then laid her face down on the bed.  
I put the two pillows under her face, and told her that she could 
yell into them.  I then brought her knees up so that her ass was in 
the air.  I then got ready to continue the spanking.

   **SMACK!**  **SLAP!**  **SMACK!**  **SMACK!**  **SMACK!**  
   **SLAP!**

   "Mmmmhh!   Mmmhhh!   Uhhhh!   Mnnnn!   Mmmhhh!   Mnnnghh!"

   Her whole ass was a nice pink color, warm to the touch.  Each time 
a spank landed, it left a hand-print for a few moments.

   I rained down 5 more hard swats in a matter of two seconds.  
Natalies cries were muffled by the pillow.  I paused.  Five more 
swats.  Another pause.  Then ten more.  

   Natalie was starting to cry harder and harder, but all that could 
be heard were muffled sounds.  

   Again and again my hand landed on her ass.  Each time the 
hand-print seemed to last a bit longer, and her ass got redder and 
redder.

   Natalie was crying very hard into the pillow, and her whole body 
was shaking.  I did not know how many smacks I had landed, but I felt 
that it was more then enough.  I untied her hands from her back, and 
she started to rub her ass with both hands.

   "I think that will be enough spanking for now.", I said.

   Natalie continued to sob into the pillow.

   I walked into the bathroom, grabbed the tube of K-Y, drained the 
sink, and started to fill the enema bag with warm water from the tub. 
 This would be the enema bags madien voyage, and, to my knowledge, 
Natalies first enema, as well.  I also wet a washcloth with cold 
water and brought all three items back to the bedroom with me.

   Natalies sobbing had stopped, but she was still in the same 
position, with her ass in the air, and her face in the pillow, but 
both hands were by her face.

   I sat on the bed next to her, and placed the washcloth on her ass. 
 She jumped a little when it touched her skin, but then moaned softly 
into the pillow.

   "I hope that you have learned your lesson.", I said as I rubbed 
the cold washcloth over her ass, soothing it.

   She moaned an agreement into the pillow.

   "Good.  But your punishment is not over yet.  I want you to reach 
back and hold your cheeks apart...  But before I have anal sex with 
you, I am going to give you an enema."

   I could hear a gasp on suprise come from her, but she did not 
reach back to hold her ass open for me.

   "I said hold your cheeks apart!"

   She turned her head and looked at me.

   "No!"

   "What?!"

   "I said NO!!"

   I grabbed one hand and pinned it to her back.  I then landed five 
more spanks on her already red ass.

   *SMACK!*   *SMACK!*   *SMACK!*   *SMACK!*   *SMACK!*

   "I said hold your ass checks apart, bitch...  NOW!"

   She sobbed and reached back and pulled her ass cheeks apart, 
showing me all that she had to offer.  Her little pink anus almost 
begged to have things done to it.

   I grabbed the tube of K-Y, and put some some of it on my finger.  
It felt real warm, but not too hot.  I then rubbed a little of it on 
her anus, and then started to slowly push my finger in.  Natalie 
moaned as my finger slowly slid into her ass.  She loved to have 
things placed in her ass.

   I pushed my finger in just to the first knuckle, and then brought 
it out slowly, and felt her ass squeeze me out.  I then put the tip 
of the tube of K-Y right to her anus and squeezed some of it right 
into her anus.

   I also put some of the K-Y along the length of the enema nozzle.  
I then placed the tip of the enema nozzle against her anus, and 
pushed slightly.  I saw her anus squeeze tight, and I waited until 
she released it.  When she did, I pushed the nozzle in about one 
inch.  Natalie moaned softly.  I brought the nozzle out again, and 
quickly pushed it in again about two inches.  Natalie moaned deeper.  
I pushed the nozzle in a little more and then went to the clip.  As I 
held the bag up, I snapped the clip open.

   "Ahhhh!"

   I saw Natalies anus squeeze at the nozzle.  She started to squirm 
a bit.

   "Mmmmmmmm...  Uh...   Hmmmmm...", she moaned.

   The bag started to empty, and Natalie squirmed around some more, 
trying to get away from the water that was flowing into her, moaning 
the whole time.

   "Mmmm...  Ohhhh...  Uhh...   Uhhh...  Mmmmmmm..."

   The bag was about half empty when Natalie started to complain.

   "Uhhh...  Stop!  Please, I can't take any more!  I feel too full!"

   "If you stop now, you will have to take another one!"

   "I don't care!  I gotta go!  Please!"

   I snapped the clip shut and waited a few seconds before I slowly 
took the nozzle out of her.  I told her to hold still for a minute as 
I held her cheeks together, so that none would leak out.  After about 
15 seconds, I helped her up, and she ran into the bathroom.

   She did not even bother to close the door, and I heard her release 
all of it.  After she was done, she flushed and came back out to me.

   "I'm sorry...  I just felt so full."

   "That's Okay...  But you have to take another one, alright?"

   "But I don't want to..."

   "Don't make me make you!  Do you want another spanking?"

   Natalie shook her head.

   "Wait here.", I said.

   I walked back into the bathroom, emptied the enema bag and 
refilled it.  I then came back out and asked her to climb onto my 
lap.  She did, and reached back and held her ass open for me, without 
my asking her to.  She was learning well.

   I set the bag down, and picked up the tube of K-Y again, placed it 
onto her anus and squeezed some into her again.  I then put some onto 
my finger and slowly pushed it into her again.  Her ass felt 
different somehow, and it was warmer.  I withdrew my finger, put down 
the tube, picked up the nozzle, and put it to her ass again.  She 
raised her ass off of my lap, pushing into it.

   I let her push herself onto the nozzle and after it got in her a 
little, I pushed it in another 2 inches.  Another moan.  I reached up 
and snapped open the clip.  More moans.  I felt the bag slowly start 
to drain into her, and she moaned the whole time, with occasional 
whispers of words like "good", or "yes" coming out every now again.  
Her hands held her ass apart the whole time.

   In a few minutes, the bag was drained.  I slowly pulled the nozzle 
out of her, and I heard her let out one last moan as it came out of 
her.  She let go of her ass, and I held her cheeks together for a 
couple of seconds and told her that she could go release it in a few 
minutes.

   I then spread her ass cheeks with the fingers of one hand, and 
touched her anus with a finger of the other.  She moaned some more.  
I started to play with her ass, pushing a finger against her anus, 
but not pushing it in, feeling her squeeze her anus every now and 
then.  I then started to push a finger into her, and it went in with 
no problem.  It felt very warn inside her.

   I started to move my finger in and out of her, very slowly, and 
she moaned in time with my movements.  After a minute or so of this, 
I started to move my finger faster, being careful not to let any of 
the enema get out.  Natalies moans were getting louder and louder.

   I felt a wetness on my leg, and it was because her pussy was 
dripping down on me.  I brought two fingers from my other hand and 
slowly slipped them into her pussy.  I felt her squeeze down on them 
as they slipped into her.

   "Mmmmmmm...  Yesssss..   That feels good..."

   I started to move both sets of fingers in and out of her, slowly 
at first, but then faster and faster.  More moans, more "yes"es.  
With the finger that was in her ass, I could feel the movement of the 
fingers in her pussy, and she would continue to squeeze her ass every 
now and then.

   As her moans got louder, my fingers moved faster.  I could tell by 
her moans that she was starting to get close, so I pulled one finger 
out of her pussy and started to rub her clit with it.  She came 
almost at once, and I felt her squeeze both holes tightly.

   "MMMmmmmmmfffffhhh!"

   Her body went stiff, and started shaking.

   "Uhh!  Ahh!  Uhhh!  Uhhh!  Ahhh!"

   With every shake of her body, I felt a squeeze.

   Her shaking slowed down and eventually stopped.  I let her rest a 
minute, then pulled my fingers out of her.  She gasped slightly as I 
pulled them out.

   "Go to the bathroom.", I said.

   "Okay.."

   She got up and went to the bathroom.  As she got up, I noticed a 
rather large wet spot on my pants at the tip of where my erection 
was.  This wet spot was from me, and not her.  I always get excited 
playing with Natalies ass, and this time was no exception.  Pre-cum 
can be such a bother sometimes.

   I started to take off all my clothes, and just got my briefs off 
as Natalie came out of the bathroom.  She smiled when she saw that I 
had my clothes off.

   "Are you Ok?", I asked.

   "Yes.  I never had that done before, but it felt great!  I never 
felt so full, and I never came like that before."

   "I thought that you would like it.  Are you ready for the next 
`punishment'?"

   "Yeah.  Do you want me to get back on the bed?", she asked.

   "Yes."

   "Same position?", she smiled.

   "Yes."

   She knew what was to come next.  Anal sex.  She also knew that I 
loved to have anal sex with her, and she knew my favorite position.  
It was the same position that I gave her the first enema in:  Face 
down with her knees drawn up and her ass in the air.

   She got back on the bed, got into position, and reached back and 
held her ass apart for me.

   I got the tube of K-Y, a condom, and crawled up behind her.  I 
looked at her ass, spread for me, and she "winked" her anus at me by 
squeezing and releasing it a few times.  I put on the condom, and 
rubbed some K-Y all over it.

   I then put some K-Y on my finger and slowly put it into her ass.  
it went in easily, and I played with it for a while.  I then brought 
a second finger into the action, and eventually a third.

   Natalie held her ass apart the whole time, and I could see her 
fingers squeeze her ass each time she moaned.

   After playing around, three fingered, with her ass for a while, I 
felt that it was time.  I pulled out my fingers slowly and placed the 
tip of my dick against her anus.  Natalie squeezed her anus, and then 
started to push back aganist me.  She pushed harder and harder.  Then 
she stopped pushing, released her anus, and started pushing again.  

   I watched as my head slowly started to dissapear into her anus, 
and after it finally poped in, I started to slowly push into her.  
Natalie moaned the whole time.  It was very easy to move into her, 
probably because of the one-and-a-half enemas that she recieved.  I 
would have to give her enemas more often.

   After getting about half of myself into her, I started to pull 
out.  I pulled out to the point where my head was at the ring of her 
anus.  She let out a loud moan as I reached it, and I felt her anus 
squeeze.  Right after I reached it, I started to push in again.  I 
got myself all of the way in her this time, until her ass and my 
pubic area touched.  Pulled out again.  Back in again.  Faster.  
Faster.

   Natalie moaned more and more.  I saw the wetness running down her 
leg.  I played with her pussy lips and her clit as I moved faster and 
faster in her ass.  She moaned more.  Faster.  More.  Faster.  More.

   I slipped a finger into her pussy.  She started to shake, and I 
was getting close myself.  I felt the feeling building inside me.  I 
moved faster.  I massaged her clit faster.  She shook more.  I got 
closer.  I massaged her more.  I thrusted one last time as she pushed 
back against me, and we both came at the same time.  I felt her pussy 
shudder around my finger.  I felt myself blast what felt like one 
long shot that lasted for about 10 seconds.  It was just one long 
feeling that left me exausted.

   I laid myself on top of her as she brought her legs out from under 
her.  My erection slowly went soft, and she squeezed me out of her 
ass.  I rolled off of her and then held her in my arms.

   "Are you going to behave now?", I asked.

   "Yes, I will behave."

   "Good...", I smiled.

   "Mmmmmmm.  That was great.", she whispered in my ear.

   "Yes...  For me too."

   "Would you make love to me?", she asked.

   "Sure.  Just give me a minute, Okay?", I laughed.

   "Sure!"

   She rolled on top of me and kissed me.  She kissed me long, and 
hard.  I felt her hands go all over my back.  I kissed her back.  I 
ran my hands all over her body.  I rubbed her ass gently.  She 
moaned.  Soon, my erection had taken on a new life.

   Natalie must of felt it too, for she started to kiss down my body 
closer and closer to it.  When she got there, she hovered her mouth 
above it for a minute, and I could feel her hot, moist breath on it.  
After breathing on it for a few seconds, she plunged her mouth down 
on it.

   She did wonderful things to me with her mouth and throat.  After a 
few minutes, I asked her to stop.  I did not want to come yet, I 
wanted to make love to her.

   I reached over and grabbed another condom, but before I could take 
it out of the foil, she grabbbed it and ask if she could do it.  I 
said yes, and laid on my back.  She carefully took it out of the 
foil, and began to unroll it onto me.

   After she had finished putting the condom on me, she carefully 
placed herself on top of me, and placed my head at her pussy.  I 
could feel the heat from her on me, and she slowly came down, and 
just placed he head of my dick into her pussy lips so that I could 
feel them around me.

   She then came up, and dropped down on me.  I felt myself go all of 
the way inside her .  I could feel the heat of her pussy all around 
me.  She felt so warm.  She started to move.

   "Wait...", I said.

   "What's wrong?"

   "I want to enjoy feeling you around me."

   I moved from side to side, trying to get deeper inside her, 
enjoying the feeling of her being wrapped around me.  I reached under 
her ass and started to raise her up.

   She took over and started to move with a speed and passion that I 
have never seen or felt before.  The moans, the screams, and 
movement, the faces that she made.  The faces that I mede.  All of it 
brought me to the best love making experience that I ever had.  And 
when I came, I came like never before.  I felt pains in my chest.  My 
eyes felt as if they would pop put of my head.  My whole body became 
a vessel of pleasure, and my orgasm lasted and lasted.  She screamed. 
 I screamed.  It was truly a bonding experience.

   After my orgasm I felt drained, as if all of my energy had been 
spent into the condom.  She gathered my into her arms and held me 
close.  I fell asleep in her arms, but I think I remember one thing 
before I went under...

   "So...", she said as she smiled at me.  "What can I do to get 
punished again?"
