
From ddail@efn.org Wed Jun 26 14:44:14 1996
From: SOTBorder1@aol.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: NEW STORY Nena and the Gringos Chapt. 10
Date: 20 Jun 1996 05:11:41 GMT
Organization: aol.com
Lines: 200
Message-ID: <SOTBorder1-1906962215580001@max2-gg-ca-27.earthlink.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: max2-gg-ca-27.earthlink.net
Path: 128.230.2.153!newstand.syr.edu!newsstand.cit.cornell.edu!news.acsu.buffalo.edu!csn!nntp-xfer-1.csn.net!magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!math.ohio-state.edu!usc!sdd.hp.com!sgigate.sgi.com!swrinde!newsfeed.internetmci.com!nntp.earthlink.net!max2-gg-ca-27.earthlink.net!user

Chapter 10

Standard disclaimer. Don't read if you are under 18 or have a problem with
the sexualthemes of this story which include coerised sex. Enjoy. Please
send feeback.



After depositing their respective loads into Nena, Mark and Doug slowly
pulled out of her ravaged body, laying down on either side of her, their
breathing quieting. Nena laid still in the same position, weeping softly,
her body shaking. Mark¹s sperm was slowly dribbling out of her swollen
pussy. Her ass was slightly sore and distended from the furious pounding
of Doug¹s pistoning cock, her spenchter coated with his warm spunk. Nena
slowly turned her head to face Constancia. ³Why, Why, would you let them
do that to me² her voice shaking with fear and rage. Constancia got up
from the bed and peered down at her not saying anything. Her dark brown
eyes a cold, bottomless pool. She said ruthlessly, ³All my life I have had
to put up with your stupid optimism,  your happy moods, the ridiculous way
you look at things. Walking around like your some queen, better then
everybody. Neon was stunned at her outburst. The other guys looked at each
other, surprised at her tone, the depth of her rage. ³Tonight, I¹m going
to destroy any alegria you have left, and when I¹m done with you, you¹ll
be empty, a common puta and I will no longer have to look up at you, only
down² Constancia looked over at John who had stripped his clothes off to
his boxers, his semi-hard cock making a slight bulge in the thin material.
Constancia crossed her arms, her eyes glinting. ³John what did you think
of the little show² John shifted uncomfortably in his seat, but his eyes
betrayed his feelings. ³Did you like watching this little Mexicana, how
you say, get fucked?² The bulge in John¹s shorts became noticeably bigger
as his cock began to engorge. Nena sat up on the bed, gathering the serape
around her naked body covering herself, her eyes fearful. ³Would you like
a little taste of that John² Constancia asked teasingly. Nena said in a
trembling voice,  ³Please.......Please......Constancia.....don¹t do this
to me. Look......I¹ll do anything you want, but please, not intercourse,
I¹m ovulating right now....it¹s dangerous....you know I can¹t afford to
get pregnant.... you know how poor we are. She began to sob, her body
shaking. She covered her face with the serape, wiping her watering eyes
and the tears that were running unabashedly down her cheeks. ³Now, Now
Nena, don¹t cry² Constancia said gently but mockingly ³I won¹t let John or
anybody else hurt you. You know that.² ³BUT²  she added, ³Your going to
have to do a little something for us. Something normal. Something that all
of us do, but are sometimes afraid to admit to.² Nena look at her
confused, not comprehending. Constancia sat gently on the bed and
continued talking as she reached up and grasped the serape, pulling it
gently, but with pressure, away from Nena¹s naked body. Nena¹s hand
tightened protectively around the rough material as she tried to keep
herself covered. Mark and Doug who had gotten up from the bed to grab a
beer looked on with John and the rest of the guys. John nervously started
to rub his hands together, watching the drama unfold on the bed.
Constancia said softly, but with menace, ³Let go Nena. Cooperate with
me......and I¹ll let you go....I promise. Nena looked at her
disbelievingly, but knowing that things could get much, much worse, slowly
let go of the serape. As Constancia pulled the serape away, Nena¹s body
slowly again came into view. She sat  with her back to the wall, her
beautiful legs bent and  slight distended, the slash of her vagina easily
distinguishable between the thick hair at the juncture of her soft thighs.
She crossed one arm protectively across her ample bosom, while with the
other, she tried to block the view of her pussy from the riveted eyes of
her tormentors. ³What do you want from me² Nena said, her voice tumulus.
Constancia paused, looking Nena straight in the eye ³We want to watch
you...........masturbate. Nena looked at her with a shocked expression.
She began babbling, ³Constancia, pleeeeze, not in front of the
gringos....not in front... ³Silence² Consancia hissed, holding her finger
to her lips for added effect. ³Do you want John and the rest of the guys
in here TO FUCK YOU!² she said, her voice rising. The thought of having to
endure another man shooting his seed into her unprotected womb, was
incomprehensible. ³ANSWER ME² Constancia said louder, almost yelling. ³No²
Nena said, her voice low, resigned to her fate. ³O.K. then. Sit up against
the headboard, so we can all see you² Nena slowly did as she was told.
³Now slowly bend your knees and spread out your legs. Show the gringos
your pretty Mexican pussy² Nena hesitatingly did as she was told, her legs
parting, the outer lips of vagina, slightly puffy and pink, in clear view
to all. John stared hard at Nena¹s cunt, taking in the thick pubic hair,
the swollen lips still slightly wet from Mark¹s sperm. Nena felt the
tension of the room increase. She put her head down in shame, not able to
make eye contact with anyone. John suddenly blurted, ³Look up Nena. Look
at ME² Nena slowly looked up at John, who was sitting less then five feet
away on a rickety wooden chair, naked except for his shorts. His stiff
cock was straining against the material, like some obscene tent. He smiled
stiffly at Nena. Gazing at all that firm brown flesh. Willing himself
desperately not to touch himself, but to wait for the inevitable. That¹s
what Constancia promised all of them. ³Buen trabajo² Constancia said ³Now,
take the finger of your right hand and stick it in your mouth. Suck it
like it was a cock² Nena raised her trembling hand to her mouth and
inserted her finger in. She began to suck it as she was told, moving her
finger in and out.. John looked on unbelivingly. The most beautiful
Mexican girl he had ever seen stripped completely naked, on a bed, sucking
her finger, manipulating it like a small dick.  I wish she was was sucking
my cock right now, he said to himself groaning inwardly. He felt himself
stiffen further. ³O.K² Constancia said, ³now move your finger down to your
little pussy and stroke your finger from your asshole to your clitoris²
³Keep on looking at John² she said disapprovingly, when Nena looked away
for a quick second. Nena moved her index finger to her vagina. The guys
watched as the tip disappeared into the soft, pink folds.  Slowly, Nena
began to slowly  stroke herself per Constancia¹s instructions, trying to
convince herself that it would soon be over, that this nightmare would
end. The self- stimulation of her vagina, caused her breath to catch. As
she continued to stroke herself, she could feel the heat slowly beginning
to radiate from within her and became conscious of how her finger flowed
through the thick folds of her vagina, the wet lips parting before her
traveling finger, the thick public hair becoming matted with her secreting
fluids. Constancia watched as Nena¹s breathing increased, her breasts
slightly heaving from the quick intake of her breath. ³Don¹t go any
faster² she abdomished, ³Go slow² Nena softly groaned, her legs spreading
a little wider. She tried to concentrate on Doug¹s eyes which stared
hungrily at her, darting quickly from her eyes, to her breasts to the
finger slowly stroking her vagina. A never ending rotation of visual
desire. Her aerolas popped out in excitement. She could feel the rest of
the guys staring at her protruding nipples.....imagined what they must be
thinking....what they wanted to do to her. She groaned louder. She shook
her head and  tried to focus on his John¹s eyes, but.......as she became
progressively wetter and more excited she unconsciously glanced down at
the bulge in John shorts. She forced herself to look at John¹s eyes, but
her eyes kept on being drawn back to John¹s thick tool straining against
the material of his boxers. She noticed the small wet spot. She looked up
at him, her lips dry, her body trembling. He smiled back at her, face set,
eyes bright. Constancia noticing Nena¹s excitement said to her, ³Do you
want to see John¹s cock?² ³No² she said forcefully, tearing her eyes away
to look at the refrigerator, aware for the first time the precariousness
of this particular situation. ³Look Nena. Look NOW² her eyes went back to
John. She gasped. In the second she had turned around, he had taken
quickly taken off his boxers, his thick cock protruding straight out,
throbbing, a strand of pre-come dangling from the center. Nena continued
to stroke herself, harder, torn by her emotions. ³Keep on looking at John
cock and with your other hand alternately pinch and pull your nipples.²
³NOW!² Constancia commanded. Nena flinched and raised her opposite hand
slowly towards her large breasts. She grasped a nipple and quickly began
to alternate between the two large, firm, tits, pulling and pinching them
eagerly. The sexual tension within her, causing her to whimper and moan.
Her body felt like it was on fire. The epicenter of her feelings was her
throbbing clit that buzzed relentlessly as it was teasingly stroked by her
finger. She was close to orgasm, her eyes mesmerized by John¹s thick
organ, bobbing relentlessly, fully engorged. Consancia new that Nena was
close to cumming. She could see it in her flushed face and in the way she
kept licking her dry lips. Cunningly she said, ³Do you want John to fuck
you Nena² Nena continued to stare at John¹s cock, her body screaming for
the blessed release of orgasm. She thought of mass, her priest  Father
Idalgo....she whimpered. ³No, No I don¹t²  ³Pinch your nipples harder Nena
and increase the tempo of your finger² Constancia ordered. Nena followed
the commands, shaking. Her eyes feasting on John¹s thick, heavy cock. Her
mind a ball of confusion. ³Can you just imagine what it would be like to
have John inside of you right now² Constancia said slyly. ³Don¹t talk like
that² Nena said whimpering, her breathing ragged. ³It¹s wrong. Love is for
marriage² She thought what it would feel like to have John just slam
himself into her. Her will slipped a notch. Constancia motioned John to
come over to the bed, his cock twitching, throbbing with tension. ³Look at
it Nena. Look at it!² Nena stared hard at John cock dangling just a couple
of feet away. She moaned. Her nipples protruded outwards, elongated,
impossibly stiff. She began making little mewing sounds as her finger
sloshed through her drenched slit like a hot knife through butter. ³Just
the head. What if we just..........put the head in² Constancia said, ³That
wouldn¹t hurt would it² Her voice as soft as a kittens fur. John got
closer. As Nena¹s hips began to gyrate signaling the beginning of her
orgasm, Constancia quickly reached down yanking Nena¹s finger away from
her vagina. Nena laid back hard against the headboard, chest heaving, her
vagina, red, swollen and impossibly aroused. She was only a couple of
strokes away from cumming. ³It¹s obvious you need to come Nena² Constancia
said soothingly, taking in her fevered body, the elongated, protruding
nipples, the sheen of perspiration covering her face, and upper body.
³Just the head² I promise ³Just the head² ³We¹ll rub it against your
clit....you¹d like that wouldn¹t you. That would be O.K. wouldn¹t it² 
Constancia said pleasantly, talking to Nena like a doctor trying to get a
little kid to accept a shot. Nena whimpered softly, eyes half closed. She
slowly edged down, spreading her legs. She moaned, slightly hesitating.
³Don¹t worry Nena² ³Only the head² ³Look, I¹ll guide it myself.² As Nena
looked down, she could see John kneeling between her spread legs.
Constancia gently hefted his hard tool and began to rub it sensously up
and down Nena¹s cunt. Nena nervously watched for a few seconds, but slowly
laid her head back, lulled by the steady pressure, the thick head
traveling slowly up and down her slit, the bulbulous head, spreading the
swollen vaginal lips, making contact with her clitoris, sending sparks of
pleasure racing through her. As Constania methodically moved John¹s ridgid
organ up and down her slit, she began to breath heavier, her repressed
orgasm, quickly building. Constancia continued to hold John¹s ridged organ
by the base, letting the swollen, purple head, work it¹s insidious sexual
magic.Concstancia watched Nena¹s excitment build, her eyes closed, her
head shaking back and forth on the bed, flaying her long black hair from
side to side. Her tight stomach and long, beautiful legs  trembling. As
she began moving her hips, nearly reaching orgasm, Constancia purposely
let go of Johns ridgid organ. John realizing this, quickly rammed his
throbbing member all the way inside of Nena¹s drenched hole, filling her
completely. Nena opened her eyes in surprise, gasping audibly, losing her
concentration, her body begging for sexual release, but not able to regain
the rhythm. Nena panicked and shifted up and down to throw off John who
was pumping into her with long, measured strokes. His face buried in her
soft neck, muffling his cries of pleasure. Constancia and the rest of the
gringos sat back on the bed to watch the conclusion. Under John¹s
oppressive weight, they could hear Nena¹s muffled cries. John began to
pump Nena faster, burying his thick member to the hilt. He put his arms
around her slim waist, bringing her forward in order to pump into her more
deeply. ³Don¹t cum inside. I ......beg of you.....I¹m ovulating. John
grunted. ³Please.² She began to wail hysterically. ³Jesus de su
christo....no¹² Suddenly, John stiffened. As John started cumming, he
hugged Nena close to him muffling her cries of protest. Her large breasts
pressed tightly against his chest. John  clenched his buttocks muscles
tightly as his cock erupted, spewing forth spurt after spurt of his potent
seed, his swollen sack unloading all of it¹s cargo into Nena¹s fertile
hole. Nena, shuddered as she felt John¹s load enter her. The warm
stickiness making it¹s way down, deep inside of her. She began to cry.

