Archive-name: Bestial/newspart.txt
Archive-author: Ann Manser
Archive-title: Real Newspaper Article


This article appeared in a newspaper in Wilmington, Delaware.  Makes me wish
I read the paper more often.  Anyway ... first I'll include the article by
itself, copied totally without permission :-) , then I'll show it a second
time in this post, interlaced with my comments in brackets.

From The [Wilmington] News Journal, March 20, 1993, page A4:


Prostitution ring included sex with dogs, police charge
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
By ANN MANSER
Staff reporter

    NEWARK - A couple has been charged with running a prostitution service in
which customers could pay to have sex with them or to watch them have sex 
with dogs.
    The operation came to authorities' attention Jan. 4, when the couple's 
16-year-old baby sitter flagged down a county patrol officer and told her 
about videotapes and photographs she had been shown, county police said
Friday.
    Officers Kathy Rego and Joseph Fitzgerlad investigated and this week 
arrested Linnea Houghtling, 28, and John D. Larson, 32, both of the 1200
block of Pinefield Road in Scottfield near Newark.  Also arrested were six of
their alleged customers.
    Houghtling and Larson allegedly found their customers through personal
classified ads in The News Journal papers.  Customers paid between $40 and
$150 to either have sex with Houghtling or Larson or to watch them engage in
sexual acts with animals, police said.
    The couple videotaped and photographed the acts and kept detailed notes
on the participants, dates, times and costs, police said.  Officers
confiscated the notes, more than 100 photos and "numerous" videotapes, police
said.
    At least three dogs were involved, Kowal said.  Two of the dogs remain at
the home;  a third apparently has run away.
    He said Houghtling and Larson invited their baby sitter to look at the
photo album and videos.  She took several photos and gave them to Rego when
she stopped the officer, police said.
    Houghtling was charged with six counts of prostitution and two counts each
of obscenity -- a felony -- and conspiracy.  Larson faces three counts of
obscenity, one of promoting prostitution and six of conspiracy.  Delaware has
no bestiality laws, police said.
    Larson was freed on $7,500 unsecured bail and Houghtling on $5,000
unsecured bail, both to await Court of Common Pleas hearings.  Six of their
alleged customers, men ages 43-54 and from Delaware anbd Cecil county, Md.,
were charged with patronizing a prostitute.


[Now for the second time...]


From The [Wilmington] News Journal, March 20, 1993, page A4:


Prostitution ring included sex with dogs, police charge
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
By ANN MANSER
Staff reporter

>    NEWARK - A couple has been charged with running a prostitution service in
>which customers could pay to have sex with them or to watch them have sex 
>with dogs.

[Nothing in here about paying to have sex with dogs;  makes me wonder.]

>    The operation came to authorities' attention Jan. 4, when the couple's 
>16-year-old baby sitter flagged down a county patrol officer and told her 
>about videotapes and photographs she had been shown, county police said
>Friday.
>    Officers Kathy Rego and Joseph Fitzgerlad investigated and this week 
>arrested Linnea Houghtling, 28, and John D. Larson, 32, both of the 1200
>block of Pinefield Road in Scottfield near Newark.  Also arrested were six of
>their alleged customers.

[Good reason to worry about getting caught!  The asshole reporter and editors
have included enough information here, that anyone could just hop on down and
throw a fire cocktail through the window, or picket the place with Biblical
poster signs.  Shit, why not print the names and addresses of their entire
family, and fuck up a whole buncha lives?]

>    Houghtling and Larson allegedly found their customers through personal
>classified ads in The News Journal papers.  Customers paid between $40 and
>$150 to either have sex with Houghtling or Larson or to watch them engage in
>sexual acts with animals, police said.

[Ironic;  there were ads in this very paper!  I *really* need to start reading
those.  :-)  Y'think it mentioned in the ad, in some subtle way, that canine
involvement was part of the menu?]

>    The couple videotaped and photographed the acts and kept detailed notes
>on the participants, dates, times and costs, police said.  Officers
>confiscated the notes, more than 100 photos and "numerous" videotapes, police
>said.

[Gotta admire them....]

>    At least three dogs were involved, Kowal said.  Two of the dogs remain at
>the home;  a third apparently has run away.

[Asshole reporter!  Go on, make it sound like the dogs were abused. :-(   ]

>    He said Houghtling and Larson invited their baby sitter to look at the
>photo album and videos.  She took several photos and gave them to Rego when
>she stopped the officer, police said.

[Not enough detail here for me to have an opinion.  No one would be stupid
enough to throw this in the face of a baby sitter;  I assume they must have
trusted her, probably even discussed sexual situations with her in a philo-
sophical sense now and again.  Just talk.  So they thought they could share
their private lives.  Apparently that backfired, and the baby sitter was over-
come by terror/revulsion.]

>    Houghtling was charged with six counts of prostitution and two counts each
>of obscenity -- a felony -- and conspiracy.  Larson faces three counts of

[Obscenity is a felony.  Keep that in mind.  A felony.  And since this is
America, we can call anything an obscenity.  May a law student would like
to cite the specifics of what constitutes obscenity?  Assuming they're even
written down, somewhere other than the Bible....]

>obscenity, one of promoting prostitution and six of conspiracy.  Delaware has
>no bestiality laws, police said.

[INSERT LOUD CHEER HERE!  :-D  ]

>    Larson was freed on $7,500 unsecured bail and Houghtling on $5,000
>unsecured bail, both to await Court of Common Pleas hearings.  Six of their
>alleged customers, men ages 43-54 and from Delaware anbd Cecil county, Md.,
>were charged with patronizing a prostitute.

[Oh, is that all?  Hell, I woulda paid for some time with a dog, and paid the
price of a patronizing charge.  Not a very heavy crime, thankfully.  Maybe
things ain't so bad, when you're caught.  And after all, those people did get
to keep their private lives for a long time;  it seems that their only mistake
was trusting a young adult who was still afraid of the expanses of sexuality.

One thing still puzzles me:  what on earth could that classified ad have looked
like?  "If you love to have fun with dogs, call us!  We offer services for 
animal lovers."  Or something like that?  Makes me wonder.]

-- 
