

     I woke up first Monday morning. Of course, I always wake up first. After
seven years of marriage this was nothing new. New Years Eve had been fun, the
other couples at the party were good company. My wife Linda, as was her
custom, had flirted with every man during the evening. Now this morning she
lay sleeping, tired from being out until two in the morning.

     Just like every morning I looked at the woman I had grown to know so well
over the years. Thirty one last July, she still maintained her youthful looks.
Five foot seven, 36-C breasts with nipples that turn rock hard. A slim waist
and legs that go forever. After seven years, I knew better than to wake her up
without the normal morning cup of coffee. Downstairs, make coffee, and return.
"Morning sweet heart, coffee is ready", I said, placing the coffee on her
night stand. I took my cup, and climbed back into bed, newspaper ready to read.

     She lay on her belly to my right. I could see the outline of her body
under the sheets. Her pajama bottoms lay crumpled at the foot of the bed. It
has always amazed me how she goes to sleep in silk pajamas and wakes up naked
from the waist down. "Oh well", I thought, "lets see."  I lay down the paper
and moved my right hand under the sheets to rest on the small of her back. No
jerk, no reaction. Slowly my hand moves down over her left cheek. Her little
ass feels gooooood. Back and forth with my hand. Now gently the side of my
hand moves into the crack and I grab and squeeze. Linda moans quietly, and
shifts her position slightly. Now she is on her left side, and her movement
places my hand on her waist and hip.

     I turn onto my right side facing her. With my left hand I start on her
hip and move up. Silk tops sure feel good, her pajama top is warm with the
heat of her body. Up the front of her, until I cup one breast in my hand. My
index finger strokes the nipple and I feel it harden at my touch. Linda says
nothing, so I flick at the nipple..once..twice..three times. With each lash of
my finger her nipple grows and grows. As I watch her tongue slips out and wets
her lips. The musky aroma of a woman in heat reaches me and I smile at this
sudden success.

     "You like that, don't you?", I whisper. "You like your nipples hard!"

     "Uh Huh", is all she says.

     My left hand starts to tug and pull at her soft right nipple through the
pajama top. As it starts to stiffen, my other hand is busy undoing the top
itself. As the buttons are opened, both lovely mounds are visible. Each nipple
is grasped firmly between by thumb and finger. I pull both tits and Linda
responds by rolling onto her back. I straddle her left arm, and without
stopping my nipple massage, begin kissing and sucking on her neck.

     "Play with my cock woman!", I whisper this order into her ear, following
the words with a wet tongue.

     "Ohhhhh. That feels good", I hear. But still my cock is lonely. "I said
PLAY WITH MY COCK WOMAN", this time I know she hears me.

     Linda's hand starts to explore my inner thigh. Her warm fingers move
slowly up my left leg and down my right leg. As I start to get erect her hand
encircles my meat and strokes back and forth, back and forth.

     "You want to suck it Linda, don't you?". This is command, not a question,
and she knows it.

     "No honey, I want to feel you in me." Her hand pulls on my cock. She
wants me off her arm and over to her side of the bed. I don't want any part of
this, last night I decided I need some head, and I intend to get it.

     Reaching over I take her left wrist in my right hand. I pull her toward
me, turning her onto her belly in the process. Quickly before Linda knows what
happened I am sitting on the small of her back, one leg on each side of her
waist. My hardon is pressed into her, and she knows what is coming. I pull her
right arm up into the small of her back. Holding her in place I reach her
pajama bottoms and remove the belt. A quick noose and her left wrist is secure.

     "Brad don't do that. I don't want to do this!". She is angry, but I don't
really care. I grab her left arm and, PRESTO, both hands tied behind her back.
I stand up next to the bed and look down at her. Even after seven years I get
charged up at seeing my wife bound up like this, helpless to stop me from
doing what I want with her body.

     "Spread your legs!", I order. She looks at me with rebellion in her eyes
and moves nothing. SLAP!, my hand firmly across her exposed butt.

     "I said SPREAD YOUR LEGS!". Linda buries her face into the pillow and
tries to pretend I am not even there.

     Moving around to the foot of the bed, I lay out on top of her firmly
closed legs. My face ends up just above the red mark left by the slap on her
left cheek. I grab each cheek, moving my thumbs into her crack. As she squirms
and wiggles, my tongue slides across her ass hole.

     "NO Brad!!!", her cry drowned out by the pillow she has buried her face
into. My tongue is relentless. It probes into the tight crevice, wetting and
warming her back side passage. I can smell the moist pussy just inches away.
In spite of her protests, Linda is HOT.

     The licking continues, and my thumb begins to probe. Linda is sensitive,
so I go slow. Her ass gives way and my thumb moves in, up to the first
knuckle. Its like opening a gate, her pussy grinds into the bed, and her legs
open wide. I slide off to the side of the bed and stand up, my thumb still
firmly anchored inside Linda.

     "Look at me Linda. I said LOOK AT ME!". My wife, my servant, turns and
looks at me. As our eyes meet, I cup my right hand and reach down between her
legs with the middle finger. Her look implores me to continue, and I do,
slowly stroking her clit. "Ohhhhhhhh. Honey I need to come.", her plea is
music to my ears. I move forward, my cock pointing toward her lovely face.

     "You know what it takes for me to let you come. Are you ready to give
what it takes?". As I finish the question, my thumb and finger leave her ass
and pussy. SLAP! I let her have it again. Her body comes off the bed,
straining at her bonds. Then defeated, she lays quietly.

     "O.K. Just promise you'll make me come.", is her submission request.
"Help me get up off of this bed."

     With my help she is sitting on the edge of the bed. Her arms are still
tied behind her back, and her pajama top hangs loosely from each shoulder.
Reaching out I take on nipple in each hand and pull; Linda stands to her feet.

     "Stay.", I order, and she waits. Quickly I enter the closet, grab a tie,
and return. As she looks at me I wrap the tie over her eyes, tieing it behind
her head. I bend and flick my tongue over her nipple. Linda arches her back
and pushes her chest forward. As a reward I gently suck a nipple into my
mouth. Her breast captured between my lips my tongue rapidly beats the nipple
back and forth. I can feel her body respond, she moans, and grinds her belly
forward, looking for satisfaction.

     "Now Linda, on your knees.", this is the order she hates. My wife is a
successful business woman, this submission thing is not for her. She never has
liked giving head, but she likes NOT COMING even less. I help her to her knees
and get ready to enjoy every minute of my dominance.

     What a vision. Her short blonde hair is mussed from a nights sleep. As
she kneels in front of me I look down her back to the gentle curve of her
buttocks touching her heels. Steeping back I am surprised by how her breasts
jut forward proudly, both nipples rock hard with sexual excitement. Her flat
belly and the soft triangle of wet hair between her legs are tempting, but
first things first.

     I give my last command for a while. "Come and get Linda. Come on girl,
you can find it."  She moves forward on her knees. I watch her come toward me,
blindfolded and bound, submitting to me as her master. Three feet, two feet,
almost.......

     Her face bumps into my hardness. Her head tilts sideways and her mouth
opens slightly, feeling her way. Oh how warm her lips feel as they cover my
tip. She knows where she is now.

     "Get my balls". Her head lowers, and she surrounds my left nut with her
lips. Sucking softly the ball is taken into her mouth. All I can feel is the
soft warm cavern and a busy tongue caressing. Slowly Linda spits that one out
and sucks the other one in its place. Back and forth. I can feel her struggle
to get both balls into her mouth at the same time.

     Her mouth moves from down there to the under side of my meat. Kissing and
sucking gently along the length of me until she reaches the head. I watch in
wonder as her mouth opens and slowly starts to take me in. My cock head is
sucked slowly in, disappearing from sight. She moves her head forward, more
and more. I watch as my meat disappears from sight, finally her fore head
bumps into my belly. She stops, and waits.

     I wrap my hands in her hair and start to guide her motion. Pushing back I
see my cock exposed, pulling forward I watch it swallowed up again. I start to
move my hips in time to her head. The pressure builds between by legs and some
pre-come begins to ooze from Linda mouth.

     One final backwards push on her head, and my cock is released from her
wonderful suction. Reaching under each of her arms, Linda is lifted to her
feet. I spin her around and push her back on the bed face down. Picking her
legs up I spread her wide. Her left leg goes over my left shoulder, her right
leg over my right shoulder. As I stand and lifet her legs she finds her face
pushed into the bed. Her pussy, wet and ready, is exposed for me. Grabbing her
hips I pull the wonder box toward me. Linda slides on the bed helpless to my
onslaught. The purple head of my cock bursts through her outer lips and is
buried. Her soft buttocks slap against my belly.

     "Ask me.", I order. Linda says nothing and I freeze. She is sprawled face
down in front of me. Her body split wide open by my erect manhood. There is no
way she can stop me but that's not enough.

     "ASK ME! Or I'll quit now", I threaten.

     "Oh Brad, Fuck me. FUCK ME UNTIL I COME", its not a plea anymore. SHE IS
BEGGING TO BE FUCKED.

     Only one final barrier to get her through.

     "Fuck you where, Linda? Where do you want it?", I ask. There is only one
right answer. I wet my finger, and slide it across her ass. "You can have your
pussy, I want you ASS!"

     "No. Please no. Just let me come.", a defeated groan escapes her lips.

     I step back quickly. My hard meat pops from her cunt, and she falls to
the floor on her knees. Her head rests on the bed. From behind I reach around
and cup her titties. Squeeze, flick, tug, tug, tug. I kiss across the back of
her neck, around to her ear.

     "I'll let you touch, but you have to give me what I want.", I hold both
nipples and shake as I wait for her answer.

     "Anything! ANYTHING YOU WANT. I need to come, or I'm going to die", Linda
gasps and squirms against the bed. I reach under her butt, and lift her back
on the bed. Climbing behind her I reach between her spread legs and wet my
hand on her wet cunt hairs. My tongue wets her crack. My left hand spreads
hers cheeks and my other guides me in.

     It is so tight, my cock is bending and straining as I hump forward. Linda
cries in pain as her ass stretches to hold me. I jerk on the robe belt and her
hands come free. In a flash she is stroking her clit, and fingering her slash.
I hold still as her ass moves back and forth to the rythym of her hand. With
each backward thrust Linda takes more of my cock up her ass. She is almost out
of control, i grab her hips to keep her from getting away.

     "Oh. Oh. Oh. OH. OH. OHHHHHHH,  I'MMMMMM COMMMMING", she cries and her
coiled body explodes backward in orgasm. I'm along for the ride, and plunge
completely into her. As Linda's body rocks with satisfaction I clamp on to her
hips and thrust away. Her passage is so tight, its squeezing the life out of
my cock.

     "You can't go anywhere until I'm done Linda. I'm almost there. Hang On",
I pant through each thrust. My balls slap her butt, and I feel the coming
explosion building. One final plunge, I sink my cock deep in Linda's ass and
then all the way out. I explode, sending my warm load all over her back side.

     Linda lays out flat, and I collapse next to her. Reaching up I uncover
her eyes and as I look at her she says, "I love you". "I love you too." is my
only response.


