	      VICTORIA, OR HOW I LEARNED TO LOVE NIGHT MUSIC

		   Chapter 6: Two For the Price of One!

   When Victoria, Kelly and I arrived home, I was at a loss as to what I
should do next.  "Sit down, Kelly."  She sat at the table, eyes still with
that glazed, faraway look.  Victoria came over to me and kissed me on the
cheek.

   "Well?  You have her here, David.  She will do anything you say.  So what
are you going to do with her?" my wife teased.

   "I -- I -- I don't know.  I mean, yeah, I wanted her before, but you're
here now," I stammered.  My ability to make Kelly do anything (and boy, did I
have some _great_ ideas!), was tempered by Victoria's presence.

   Victoria looked at me, and rubbed my cock through my pants.  "Yes, but I
want to observe.  Maybe I have missed something in the last 70 years, and I
want to find out before I try.  Is there some way we have not fucked, my
darling husband?" she asked.  Maybe I should have bought that copy of the
Kama Sutra, I thought.  Victoria raised her eyebrows as I was silent.  "Is
doing what you do to me good for you?" she asked, genuinely unaware of the
response.  As soon as I heard her say that, I realized that Victoria had
never given me a blowjob.  It had never crossed my mind to ask.  There's
something about putting my dick in the mouth of a woman who has fangs.

   "Kelly, take off your glasses and come here."  The slender, pretty blonde 
woman obeyed silently.  "Kelly, I want you to give me the best blowjob of
your life.  You will be rewarded with your master's come."  Victoria looked
at me quizzically.

   "Oh, yes, master!!!" Kelly said eagerly.  She knelt, unfastened my pants,
and removed my cock.  It wasn't erect, although I suppose I could have helped
her out by willing it hard.  I wanted Kelly to do _all_ of the work.  She
gently took my cock into her mouth.  She kneaded it with her tongue and
cheeks, sucking steadily.  The woman knew what she was doing, and I quickly
hardened in her mouth.

   Well lubricated with Kelly's saliva, my cock glistened as she removed it
from her mouth.  She licked slowly around the head and behind the sensitive
rim.  I shivered as the sensation shot through my body.  Victoria was
watching carefully, taking mental notes.  Kelly's tongue flicked around the
tip and rim for -- not long enough.  She opened her mouth and bobbed her head
along the length of my cock with slow, even strokes.

   The suction on my cock was incredible.  I didn't feel the back of her
mouth, but the suction she applied made her mouth feel like a wet sheath for
my dick.  Kelly pulled her head away from her work and looked at me with
complete devotion.  Her tongue wiped away the precome oozing from the tip,
making me shiver again.  She licked slowly from the base towards the tip.
She paused, smiled at me and engulfed my rigid shaft once again.  She was
trying to pull it free from my body by sucking it off.

   Kelly sped up her strokes, and I was finally overwhelmed by the sensation
of her hot, wet, and very tight, mouth.  My hips bucked, my cock twitched,
and Kelly's cheeks bulged with my come.  She sucked greedily at the fluid
that pulsed from it.  I moaned loudly, "Ohhh, yesss, baby!  Suck it and
swallow it all!!!"  Kelly continued to bob her head, but she was now milking
my cock with her hand.  When I had finished, Kelly wiped the come from around
her lips where it had seeped out.  She looked up at me with a lewd smile and
sucked on her fingers, getting every last drop I had just let go.

   I sighed happily.  "Very good, Kelly.  Yes, you have pleased your master 
greatly.  I will take you home soon, but now you are very tired, and must
sleep until I awaken you."  Kelly's eyelids drooped, she lazily sat, then lay
on the floor.  Her eyes closed, and she was asleep.

   "I thought blowjob was just drink at bar, David."  Victoria suddenly
popped back into existence.  Kelly's mouth had made my wife vanish to my
senses, although she had watched the whole thing.

   "No, actually, the drink was named after the act," I explained.  Vic-
toria's eyes lit up with comprehension.

   "Oh.  So that is why men at bar would order blowjob for me to drink.  The 
night I met you," she explained.  Then her voice got throaty.  "I am in need 
now.  That was -- interesting, but I am your wife."  She looked at me, lust
in her brown eyes.  I got hard real quick, and Victoria lay on the floor,
legs spread for me.  Kelly had finished not more than two minutes ago and
here I was fucking Victoria with wild abandon.  This vampire thing was really
cool.

   We made love next to the hypnotically unconscious Kelly.  Victoria's moans 
and cries of passion fell on Kelly's deaf ears, along with my grunts.  I
noted that Victoria was extremely vocal and active tonight.  I came again,
inside a bucking, wailing, kissing Victoria.  Her orgasm was probably charged
a little extra by Kelly's earlier performance.  Victoria and I kissed for a
little bit and cuddled quietly.

   It was getting early, so I awakened Kelly and drove her home.  Before she
got out of the car, I had another brilliant idea.  "Kelly, you must bring
Michelle to me tomorrow night.  I will make arrangements with you."  So sue
me, I'm a greedy, vengeful, son-of-a-bitch.

   "Yes, master!  I will bring my sister to you tomorrow night!" Kelly said, 
sounding incredibly obsequious, almost to the point of fawning.  I gave her a 
deep, wet, kiss before I let her go.  Kelly responded fully, eagerly,
wrapping her arms around me.  When I pulled away, she tilted her head back,
exposing her throat.  "Please, master?" she begged.

   "No, Kelly.  Not until you have brought Michelle to me.  I will grant you
the ecstasy that you seek, and share it with your sister.  You must go now.
You will tell Michelle that you have a surprise for her tomorrow.  You will
not remember Victoria.  You will only remember that we... danced at another
club, and that you have had a very fun, but _VERY_ tiring evening with me.
Leave me."  Kelly got out of the car and walked to her apartment, never
turning to look at me.  I returned home thinking of evil things I could do to
the sisters.

   I could hardly wait for the next day to end, but we cleaned house and
shopped as usual on Saturday.  I explained to Victoria what I had planned for
the evening, and why.  She was not pleased, sulking the rest of the day.
After the sun went down, I snuck up on her, and bit her, to show that she was
still my love.  Victoria stiffened and pulled away.  That worried me.  She
must be very pissed, I thought.  A couple of seconds later, she turned and
bit me, purring when I did the same to her.  We stood entwined, sharing our
souls for a very long time.  "David, I am -- a little jealous," she admitted
during dinner.  "But I do not yet want other man."  A solution presented
itself immediately in my mind.  The menage-a-trois I had planned would have
to become a menage-a-quatre.  Vampires have all the luck.

   I telepathically arranged to meet Kelly (and Michelle) when she left the 
nightclub they were dancing at.  Victoria stayed home, not wanting to
"interfere with your fantasy."  I waited by Kelly's car in the darkest corner
of the parking lot.  I had commanded her to park there, and the lot
attendant's neck wounds insured his complicity.  I heard the two women
approach.  Kelly was telling Michelle about a wonderful surprise in store for
her.  Michelle got the surprise when she saw me leaning against her sister's
car.

   "Hello, Kelly."

   "Mass-terrr," she said quietly.  Michelle gaped at her sister who was 
standing motionless, eyes regarding me with devotion.  Michelle turned to me
to say something, but she looked at my eyes first.  Contact.

   "Come to me, Michelle."  Eyes wide with wonder, she walked slowly to me.
I held out my hand, and she took it.  I tilted her head back a little and bit
her, drinking deeply.  Michelle wrapped her arms around me, and moaned in the
electric thrill of my "kiss".  I pulled away, resisting the surging
temptation to keep drinking from Michelle.  Michelle wobbled a little, but
her eyes were open with the dreamlike, adoring quality characteristic of a
vampire's thrall.

   Kelly had watched the seduction of her sister silently, but now she spoke.  
"Did I do well master?  Did I please you?  Please tell me," she eagerly asked.

   I smiled, an evil smile, and held out my hand.  "Yes, Kelly, you have done 
very well for your master.  Come here and I shall reward you."  Kelly walked 
over to me quickly.  I could see the lust in her eyes, and I knew exactly
what she wanted.  "Do you want... a kiss?" I whispered.

   "Ohh, yes, master, please kiss me!  I need your kiss!  I want it!"  Kelly 
removed a black ornamental neck band (nice fashion touch) which covered the 
previous night's bite.  I placed my mouth over the bite marks, and drank
slowly from Kelly, giving her the unique sensation she craved.  She sighed,
"Ohhhh, goddd!!!"  Her back arched as she tried to push her neck harder
against my fangs.  I released her after a few minutes, then addressed both
women.

   "You are both my slaves.  I will call when I have need of you again.
Until then, neither of you will remember what has happened here.  Nothing
abnormal happened in the parking lot, you just got in your car and left as
normal.  Do you understand?"

   "Yes, master," came the chorused response.  The women got in their car and 
drove away.  I climbed into mine and headed back to the woman who had changed
my life.  And I loved her dearly for it.


		Chapter 7: Advanced Techniques in Vampiring

   Victoria was surprised that I returned home alone.  "There are only a few 
hours left before sunrise, and I want to play with them for a while."  

   Victoria frowned at me, obviously bothered by this.  "I... do not like
this.  Is bad idea."

   I pleaded my case.  "Please, Victoria.  I _need_ to do this.  You don't
know how much sleep I've lost, how stupid and inadequate I've felt with those
two women."

   "So you are just being evil, and getting revenge on these two women,
nothing else?" she pressed.

   "Yes, that's all it is.  I'll show just how evil I can be next Saturday
after sundown.  But at the moment... I'd rather be naughty."  Victoria smiled
warmly, turned and headed for the bedroom without saying a word.  The gleam
in her eyes spoke for her.  I followed, undressing myself as I went.  I
helped my wife undress, then placed my head between her thighs, licking
around her sensitive sex.  "Ah-aahhhh!" she sighed, wrapping her legs around
my head.  I plunged my tongue into her cunt.  "Daaaa-viiiid..."  I know what
Victoria likes.

   The next few days were uneventful.  I did feed on my favorite waitress one 
night as she left work, though.  "Hi Jonna," I cheerily said.

   "Hi David!  How are you and your new girlfriend doing?" she replied with
her ever-present smile.

   "It's going pretty good."  Concentrate.  Look at her eyes.  "We'll be
coming by for brunch Saturday, I think."  Jonna walked towards me as I spoke,
and soon I was lapping at her sweet life as it flowed from her neck.
"Mmmmmmm..." Jonna purred.  Her body relaxed in my arms.  As I finished, she
clutched my arm for support.  Her eyes were dreamy.  "That was nice.  Would
you do it again, please?" she asked, presenting her throat.

   "Maybe another time, sweet Jonna.  For now, you must forget what has
happened tonight with our meeting.  We said hello, and that's all."  I
returned home, wondering about Jonna's recall of the bite.  "Victoria, I just
bit somebody, and she asked me to do it again right afterwards.  How come she
remembered the bite?"

   "She would make excellent vampire.  She would even be your wife, if I were 
not.  You would bite her two more times.  She is for you, in ways I cannot 
explain.  I only know that sometimes it happens.  I had to bite you again,"
she explained.  I nodded dumbly, and suddenly remembered Kelly.  "I've bitten
Kelly twice already."

   Victoria sat up.  "It is good you did not bite her again.  If you had, you 
would have broken our marriage vow, and you would be full vampire."

   My voice trembled as I asked, "Can I ever make a vampire?" 

   "You can, if you kill by drinking all the blood from the person.  This is
why you must be careful when you are feeding.  In three days, they will rise
and be full vampire.  They will still be your slave forever."  When Victoria
said that, I was a little frightened by (and for) myself.  The memory of the
urge to keep drinking Michelle's blood was recalled very vividly.  It had
taken a conscious effort to stop.  It would have been so easy to give in...
My wife paused, eyes turning red.  "I will not let another woman vampire have
you.  You are mine, forever," she snarled.  Leaning forward, she drove her
fangs into me, sending a blast of electricity through my body.  I bit her
gently in return, completing the circuit.  It sent the current through my
very soul.  My wife's blood filled my mouth.  I tasted the depth of
Victoria's needs, desires, and dreams.

   I had to work late the next day; a big project was due at the end of the 
week.  The sun sank below the horizon, and I was still slogging through
endless code.  Time dragged on and I lost track of it.  "David?  Are you
coming home tonight?"  I spun around to see my wife standing in my office.  A
small trickle of blood sat on the corner of her mouth.

   "When? -- How? -- Where? ..." I sputtered.

   Victoria pouted.  "Questions?  I thought you would kiss me, David.  Are
you not happy to see me?"  There was a hint of a smile in her eyes.  She
pursed her lips, and I gave her a warm, wet kiss.  "Much better," she smiled.
"I was driving in park to come here and car broke down," she explained.  "It
was faster to come here for phone."

   "You walked through the park by yourself after dark???" I exclaimed.

   She was surprised by my outburst.  "No, I flew.  But it is wonderful you
are so protective of me.  I love you too," Victoria replied.  Her eyes
sparkled and she blew me a kiss.  "Oh, I bit security guard.  He would not
let me come to you."

   I shrugged.  "S'OK.  They're pretty useless.  You said you flew here?" I 
asked, trying to decide if she was being sarcastic or not.

   "Yes, as bat," she answered, surprised again.  Then she recognized the 
problem.  "Oh, I never taught you that yet.  We can be bats, like in book.  
Come, forget work.  I will teach you."  My wife grabbed my hand and dragged
me out of my office.  We went outside, and Victoria said, "Relax first.
Close your eyes.  Feel the night, let it wrap you in its arms.  Listen for
the music of the night, it will tell you what to do."

   I shut my eyes tightly, and tried to forget who I was, my job, my
deadline, breathing, eating.  I was searching for the Zen state of mushin.
My thoughts became more random, things began to merely -- exist.  A soft hum
began to fill my ears, and it became a part of my thoughts.  In time,
however, it too merely existed.

   "That is wonderful, David!!!  You _are_ fast learner!"  My wife's excited 
shout shattered my tranquillity like a stone through a glass window.  I
opened my eyes to find myself hovering a foot above Victoria's head.  I
couldn't see my feet, but wings flashed periodically on the periphery of my
vision.  I was a bat.  OK, cool.  Now what?

   "Victoria, how do I change back?"  Well, at least I could still speak.
That was nice.  It even sounded like my voice.

   Victoria looked at me mischievously and waved her hand around.  "Fly
around first.  All you have done is hover.  I will not tell you until you
have flown for a while.  Go on."  She smiled sweetly at me as I flapped in
front of her face.  "I love you."

   "Yeah, right," I replied.  I flapped a little harder and rose into the
air.  I worked on learning how to go up and down, then on making turns.
After a little bit, I felt confident that I wouldn't crash into anything too
large and headed for the park.  The breeze of the onrushing air filled my
nostrils.  The clear crescent of the moon illuminated my wings, and I watched
the ground shift with each stroke.  The freedom of true flight enveloped me;
my wing strokes became swifter, more sure.  The hum that I had heard earlier
was now a fully orchestrated melody.  It echoed through my blood, loudly
singing the praises of what I was now doing.

   "Are you having fun yet?" Victoria asked.  She must have followed me after
I flew away.  She had caught up with me very quickly and unobtrusively.  I
asked her where the car was.  She banked away gracefully, using the barest
movement of a wing.  I've got a lot to learn about this, I thought as I
flapped awkwardly after her.  We found the car a lot sooner than we expected
to, because it drove beneath us as we turned.  "The car is being stolen!"
Victoria cried, and turned again to give chase.

   It was all I could do to catch up with her change of direction and
increased speed as we followed the car.  I was amazed that I could see
everything so clearly from where I was.  Apparently only real bats are blind.
We followed the car easily through a maze of detoured streets, and I was
ready to ask Victoria what we would do when the thieves got to where they
were going.  Suddenly, the car stopped, and three youths got out, laughing
and high-fiving.

   Victoria dove quickly.  She tore through the laughing group before they
could react, and I saw one of the youths fall.  Blood gushed from his throat,
which had been ripped apart.  My enhanced vision was about to turn into a
detriment, for I had never seen my wife angry.  Some things are better left
unseen.  Victoria landed, turning back into a person (?), and confronted the
remaining two.  I could only fly overhead and watch, because Victoria still
hadn't told me how to turn back.

   One of the youths rushed her.  "I don't know who the fuck you are, bitch, 
but..." Whatever he was going to say was cut off as Victoria grabbed him,
picked him up and threw him with ease against a building.  He hit just below
the second story, and fell to the ground with a dull thud.  He didn't get up.
Gunshots sounded, and I heard my wife snarl.  Frightened for her safety, and
reacting instinctively, I dove frantically, arriving at ground level just in
time to watch my wife RIP THE HEART OUT OF THE ALIVE (but not for long)
GUNMAN'S CHEST.  His scream died a second after he did.  Victoria nibbled on
the bloody lump of tissue in her hand and looked up at me.  There was a look
a satisfaction on her face.

   "David, come join me.  Think of being flesh and blood, but stop flapping.
If you worry about flying, you won't change."  I swallowed hard, stopped my
wings, there was a falling sensation...  Poof!  I was me again.  "Do you want
some?" Victoria asked, extending the dead man's heart to me.  "It is vampire
delicacy."

   "Uhhh... nothanks," I replied quickly.  My stomach was very active at the 
thought.  I wondered if vampires could turn green.  I looked at Victoria.
"Are you all right?" I asked her.  "I heard gunshots."

   "Yes, he shot me twice," Victoria nonchalantly answered.  Before I could
go into a frenzy, Victoria held up her hand and said, " Is not problem.  I
can not be harmed by regular bullet.  But you must drive car back home.  I
would get blood on seats.  Very difficult to clean."

   I stood, rooted firmly to the ground, and gaped at her.  "You're
bleeding!"  I state the obvious when I'm in shock.

   Victoria waved her hand dismissively.  "Do not worry, darling.  I will
meet you back home."  She smiled and pecked me on the cheek.

   I drove the car home, and for the first time since I had become Victoria's 
mate, realized just how different I was.  Alone with my thoughts, I began to 
worry about how different my life would be.  What kind of person would I
become with the powers I now possessed?  Sure, I was going to get revenge on
Kelly and Michelle, but they deserved it... didn't they?  What other magical
powers did I have that Victoria hadn't shown me yet?  Would she teach me
everything I could do?  And when?  What, if anything, was our Achilles' Heel?
All of these questions disappeared from my mind when I was greeted at the
door by a completely healed, and naked Victoria.  "Enter freely and of your
own will," she purred seductively.

******************************************************************************
  There's going to be plenty of sex and a little bit of violence in the next
  installment.
******************************************************************************

******************************************************************************

To recap: David is thinking greedy with his revenge on Kelly, taking her
sister Michelle as well. Victoria teaches him more about how to be a vampire.
They fall deeper in love.

******************************************************************************

	      VICTORIA, OR HOW I LEARNED TO LOVE NIGHT MUSIC

		      Chapter 8: Revenge Is Sweet...

   The weekend arrived.  Sex with Victoria had erased any questions from my 
mind, and we spent a very nice Friday evening.  For an entire evening, we
were a mortal couple.  We went out to dinner at a five-star restaurant, and
ate our meal with a fabulously expensive bottle of wine.  Victoria looked
fantastic in her blue cocktail dress.  Many of the men (and women) watched
her each time she would move.  "David, I like this place.  You should propose
to me here," she said as we waited for dinner.

   "I thought we were already married," I kidded, aware of the role reversal.

   "Noooo, is not official.  We are vampire married.  I want to be mortal 
married, in church," she whimpered.  "I can go in church now, as long as you 
love me.  Of course, if you do not love me, I shall have to kill you."  There 
was a lilt in her voice to let me know that she was teasing.  Or was she?

   "The only question I have is how long I should wait before proposing.  If
I do it too soon, everybody is going to ask if I know what I'm doing.  I
don't want to deal with that hassle, because I am sure about you.  Even if we
weren't already married, I'd be thinking about when to propose right now."
My wife blushed, mouthing the words "I love you."  Her brown eyes danced and
she smiled warmly.  Yeah, I was definitely in love with this woman.

   We went dancing after dinner.  I was impressed by Victoria.  She was a
fast learner, and only did the Charleston twice.  We went home, and as I went
to get a glass of water, Victoria leaned sexily against the kitchen counter.
I forgot all about water.  We made love on the kitchen counter.  And in the
dining room.  And in the living room, finally making it to the bedroom after
daybreak, where we made love a couple more times.  I was mortal for those
two, though, and couldn't get it up any more if my life depended on it.  We
went to sleep around eleven.

   We woke just an hour before sundown.  I got ready quickly, eager to sample 
the women I had lusted after for so long.  Victoria noted my enthusiasm with 
unease.  "You want these women more than you want me," she said petulantly.
I sat down next to her, as she lay on the bed, still naked, still awesomely
beautiful.  I stroked her body lightly, and I felt her tremble at my touch.  
Those brown eyes were speaking volumes about her feelings right now.

   "Victoria... baby.  I'm sorry, but I can't make you understand."  I
paused, gathering my thoughts.  "I've wanted to be with women before I met
you, and some of these women have treated me extremely poorly.  This is my
revenge, and I also get to fulfill a fantasy.  You are the woman I love, but
you're not the only woman I've ever dreamed about.  You have given me a
chance to have, for a little while, the women I couldn't.  You don't know
what that means to me, and it makes me love you all the more."  I paused
again.  "I'd like you to stay and participate in my revenge.  Remember the
video camera I bought last week?  I need somebody to operate it tonight."

   I didn't mention that I had planned more for Victoria than just being the 
camera operator.  She looked into my eyes, searching my soul for deception.
She closed her eyes and was silent for a minute.  "Will it make you happy if
I take pictures?" she queried, eyes still closed.

   "Yes.  Very happy, love," I whispered.

   The eyes opened and sparkled as she said, "Then I will do it for you."
There was a pause, and then she said, "But you will suck my pussy a lot the
next week."  She smiled at me, and we kissed.

   Less than a minute after the sun went down, I summoned Kelly and Michelle, 
and the plan was set in motion.  The two women appeared at our front door in 
about forty-five minutes.  Both had blondish hair, and similar pretty faces.  
Kelly was slender, with sharper features, whereas Michelle was rounder,
softer in both body and face.

   "I am both your master and your dream lover.  Neither of you can resist
doing what I ask, and you will do it with complete abandon and desire."  I
took a deep breath.  This was it!  "Michelle, I want to start with a kiss
from you.  Kelly, you may react however you see fit."  Michelle attacked me,
kissing me as if her life was at stake.  Victoria started the camcorder, and
I noted that Kelly was waiting impatiently.  I pulled away from Michelle with
a bit of reluctance.

   Kelly cleared her throat.  I turned to see her eyes overflowing with lust.  
"I can do better than _that_.  Michelle's just my little sister," she said,
and proceeded to prove her point.  This kiss brought tears to my eyes and I
was definitely having problems breathing afterwards.

   Michelle didn't take the insult idly.  She knelt in front of me and
removed my rigid cock from my pants.  She opened her mouth and absolutely
devoured my dick.  I watched her blonde hair fly around haphazardly as she
aggressively sucked.  Not wanting to be left out, Kelly joined her sister in
fellating me.  Slowly, but steadily, Kelly forced Michelle's head away from
my cock.  Kelly then moved in front of me, cutting her sister off completely.
She bobbed her head slowly, using the deep suction I had found so incredible
a week earlier.

   Michelle tried to get at my cock, but Kelly would not even let her sister
get close.  "Let meee have some!" Michelle complained.  I stopped Kelly so I
could undress completely and lay down.  As soon as I was on my back, she
resumed her determined blowjob, still leaving Michelle with nothing to do.
I made a kissing noise, and Michelle pounced on me, her tongue searching my
mouth.  My fingers played with her boobs, teasing them.  Michelle stopped
kissing me and stuck a breast in my mouth.  She grabbed at my head as my
tongue played across her nipple.  "Oooooh, baby," she sighed happily.

   My cock twitched in Kelly's mouth.  She worked to swallow my come, purring 
and humming around my dick.  Michelle moaned in ecstasy as I pinched her
nipples and kissed her.  Kelly pulled away from me, come seeping around her
lips.  "Kiss your sister, Kelly, share with her our intimacy," I directed.
Kelly kissed Michelle deeply, and Michelle responded by wrapping her arms
around her sister.  Victoria gasped, the first sound I'd heard from her since
the women walked in.

   "Now it's your turn, Michelle.  You have me all to yourself.  Kelly, play 
with yourself and make yourself good and hot."  My slaves quickly obeyed.
Kelly began to gently caress herself.  Michelle gave me a perfunctory kiss,
then began to give me another blowjob.  I got hard almost instantly.

   Michelle looked up at me with a big smile.  "Master, here's something my
big sister can't do."  She bobbed her head, taking me deeper with each
stroke.  I felt the head of my dick enter her throat.

   Kelly moaned loudly, "Ohhh -- Miii-chelle!"  I turned to see Kelly 
masturbating furiously.  Her back arched as she watched her sister's talented 
mouth completely engulf my cock.

   Kelly wasn't the only one who seemed fascinated by Michelle's oral 
proficiency.  Victoria was watching intently, filming it as closely as
possible.  "Mount me, Michelle, I am ready for you, my dear slave.  Kelly,
let me help you play with yourself."  The women moved as commanded.

   Michelle moaned loudly as her soft, silken pussy wrapped itself tightly 
around my cock.  She pumped at me enthusiastically, bouncing up and down
along my pole.  My eyes were closed, and I was savoring the feeling of power.
Then I felt something wet hit me, and I opened my eyes to find out what it
was.  Michelle's eyes were closed, her head was thrown back, and a look of
complete ecstasy was on her face.  Victoria was next to her, whispering in
her ear.  I saw the light reflect off one of her fangs and there were small
red stains on it.

   Immediately Michelle's hip motion changed to circular.  Victoria had just 
told Michelle how to drive me wild.  My wife had stopped filming, and was
just watching now; I noticed a faint pink flush appear above Victoria's
collar.  My attention was pulled back to Michelle as her orgasm began.  "Ohh
- Ohhhh!  Ohhh - Ohhhh!!!  Fuck meee!!!  F-f-fuuucck m-meeeee mas-terr!!!"
she cried.  Her pussy went wild around my cock and she jerked wildly,
snapping her head back and forth.

   My hand was pulled roughly, causing me to remember that I was supposed to
be fingering Kelly, too, but Kelly was doing just fine on her own.  "Make
herr coooome, master!  I want to see my little sis-sis-sis-SSS-UNNNNGGHHH!"
Kelly bucked wildly, fucking herself against my fingers, using my hand to
stimulate her clit.

   This was sensory overload.  My eyes burned with the images and the air was 
thick with the smell of sex.  I heard constant panting and moaning.  I felt
the sisters' juices, wet and warm; Michelle's in my crotch, Kelly's on my
hand.  Of course, Michelle was still fucking me to death.  This added up to
one hell of an orgasm.  I bucked mightily, arching my back off the floor,
lifting Michelle with me.  The most intense strobe lights I'd ever
experienced were going off in my brain.  Every muscle locked for a second,
including my heart and lungs.  Searing jets tore down the ridge of my cock to
flood Michelle's steaming wet pussy.  Michelle moaned some more while I
continued to empty my nuts into her, "Yesss, masss-t-t-terr, cooooommme...
coooommme... ohhhhhh!!!!"  She milked me with her cunt and I kept coming.

   I spasmed inside of Michelle for what seemed like an eternity.  She
wouldn't climb off and her pussy never stopped kneading my cock for an
instant, even after our mixed juices started flowing out of her.  It was
definitely the biggest wad of my life.  Michelle finally released me,
relaxing her pussy.  She gave me the sexiest look I'd ever received from a
woman, including Victoria.  "Kelly, clean your sister with your tongue," I
commanded.  Victoria gasped _very_ loudly, as Kelly buried her face in
Michelle's still overflowing muff.  My wife's face was also bright red and I
could hear her panting."Come sit on my face, Victoria?  Would -- MMMFFF!!"
Victoria landed her cunt squarely on my mouth with a grunt of abject lust.

   She began to babble immediately as I went to work at my wife's favorite 
activity.  "David!!! -- Ohhh! -- Ohh! -- IS sooo -- DIRTY!!  OHHH!  S-s-suck
my pussy!  S-s-suck meee!!!  Hnnfff!!!"  She ground her hips ferociously
against my face, pushing my tongue deep inside her.  My nose bumped her
engorged clit.  "Ohhhh!!!  Yee-esss!!  Yee-esss!  I-I  I -- a-a-ammm ...
COM -- HNNH-UHHH!  HNN-UHHH!  OHHHH!!!!"  My wife screamed her joys to the
neighborhood again, reminding me of our first nights together.  The evening's
events had definitely affected Victoria.

   She continued to push her hips into my face frantically; my jaw was
cramping, and I stopped being so enthusiastic with my tongue.  "Ooohhh...
Ooooh... Ooohhh...  My bayy-beee...  I loveyou...  Iloveyou...  Ohhhh..."
Victoria purred as her orgasm ebbed.  She climbed off my face, but the room
smelled of pussy, too.  Victoria kissed me, but I was distracted by
Michelle's cries of delight as her sister ate her to yet another orgasm.  I
rolled over to see Michelle holding Kelly's head, thrusting her cunt against
her sister's face.

   "Ohhh!  Sweet Kelllll!  Baby lickme!!!  Liiick... Lii-i-ick... Lickmeee!!  
Ohhhh... Myyyyy... Goddd!!!  I'm co-o-ommming bayyybeeeee!!"  Michelle humped 
madly at her sister's tongue.  I got the still camera and clicked off a
couple of shots.  "Stop and kiss your sister, Kelly, she wants to thank you,
and make love with you."  Michelle was in high gear now, and she and Kelly
kissed passionately, deeply.  It was a very wet, very long kiss, tongues
frequently visible.  Click!  Another Kodak moment.  Victoria regarded me
curiously.  "What are you going to do with pictures?  You have video for
memory?"

   "In a couple of weeks, I'll send them copies," I calmly said.  Victoria
and I watched the sisters in a thoroughly unabandoned display of lesbian
desire for a little longer.  I took an occasional picture.  I wished I could
be there when Kelly or Michelle opened the pictures.  I smiled at the
anticipated reaction.

   "Is terrible.  I love you," Victoria said, her eyes smiling.  She finally 
understood what I meant by revenge.  "But now what are you going to do?  It
will not be daylight for six hours," Victoria asked with trepidation.  It was
clear to her that I still had more diseased ideas in my mind.  I looked at
Kelly and Michelle, who were holding and stroking each other tenderly.

   "Oh Kelly, come here please."

   "Yes, master."  She knelt next to me.  I kissed her tenderly.  She again 
presented her throat for the bite.  It was tempting, but I wasn't about to
trade a bed for a coffin.

   "Have you ever been fucked in the ass, Kelly?" I asked softly.  My hands 
caressed her thighs and rear, touching to tease.  I could smell Kelly's pussy 
and her juices were slick on her thighs.

   "N-n-nooo, m-m-mas-terr," she moaned, rocking back and forth rhythmically 
against my hand, making me do more than just tease her.  I started to think 
about how to set up the camera for maximum embarrassment.

   "Your master desires your virgin ass, then.  Get on your hands and knees,
and I shall take what is mine," I commanded.

   "NOOOO, pleease not there, master!" she protested.  Kelly's reaction was 
unexpected, interrupting my cold calculations.  Well, I can make Kelly do 
_anything_ for my special kiss.

   "Do this, and I'll kiss you as only I can, Kelly," I lied.  Victoria's 
eyebrows shot up, but she remained quiet.  Michelle broke the momentary
silence by saying, "Fuck meee in the ass, master!  I love it!!  I'll let you
do anything if you kiss m-"

   "Michelle, sleep!" came Victoria's direct command.  Michelle immediately 
collapsed unconscious on the floor, her plea cut off in mid-word.  I was 
impressed by Victoria's power.

   "Kiss me first, master."  Kelly again.  "I've thought about you so much
this week.  I neeeed your kiss, I wake up in the morning thinking about it.
Pleease kiss meeee," she begged.  She tilted her head back and closed her
eyes.  She looked so vulnerable when she did that.  The wrong lust pushed at
my brain.  My fangs came out.

   "Her will is strong on this, David," Victoria spoke, breaking the spell
that Kelly's pretty throat had started to weave.  I drew a ragged breath, and
the blood lust crawled back into its cage with a mild protest.  A sharp
hunger pang made my stomach growl.  Kelly began begging again, but Victoria
continued speaking in a quiet voice that somehow drowned out Kelly's whining.
"Do you really want to fuck her in ass, love?  For revenge?"  I nodded.
"Then I do this for you," my wife said, and walked over to Kelly.  Kelly
watched Victoria, then the two women's eyes locked.  Victoria knelt, bit
Kelly, and drank deeply.  My wife stood after a minute and looked down at
Kelly.  Victoria's eyes were two red-hot embers set in her face.  It gave her
a supernatural appearance.  I was fascinated by her abrupt transition into a
"Vampyre".  She told Kelly, "I command you to let my husband fuck you in the
ass."  Kelly looked into Victoria's eyes.  Instead of the familiar dreamy,
vacant, enthralled look, I saw total attention in Kelly's eyes.

   Kelly slowly turned to me.  "Come - and - fuck - me - in - the - ass," she 
said, sounding like a robot.  I positioned Kelly and had Victoria set up the 
camera so that only Kelly's face and my body were visible.

   I hissed, "You've wanted this for a long time, my slave," and pounced on 
Kelly.  Her sphincter muscles, unaccustomed to the intrusion, tried to lock
her rear door shut.  They proved little obstacle for my lust-crazed, vampire-
strengthened thrusts.  Kelly cried sharply in pain as I entered her fully
with the first violent stroke.  Flash!  Victoria dispassionately took the
picture.  I pulled all the way out of Kelly as she sobbed, only to impale her
again.  Her cries signaled my wife to take another shot.  I did this to Kelly
a few more times, then grabbed her hips and started pumping.  Somewhere along
the way, we must have passed Kelly's pain/pleasure threshold.  Slowly,
Kelly's sobs diminished, to be replaced by little grunts as she rocked back
and forth on her knees, counter to my thrusts.

   Soon Kelly was fiercely fucking back at me, grunting and talking DIRTY.  
"Ohhh Goddd! -- Yeahh! -- Oh that's it baby! -- Fuck myass!  Nnnggghhh!!!
Ohhh, yess!!!  Mmasssterrr!!  YESS!!  Godimgonnacome!  Ohh godimgonnacome!
Ohh godimgonnacome!  OHHHH SH-I-I-I-IITTT!!!"  Kelly bucked wildly.  She
clawed at the carpet, screaming loudly.  Victoria took lots of pictures of
this.  Kelly's tight ass and surprising enthusiasm for anal sex had sent me
into orbit.  I came with incredible force, filling Kelly's ass beyond
capacity.  Come oozed out around my cock and I pulled out, still spurting
come over Kelly's back, some landing in her hair near her shoulder.  She
moaned and rocked steadily, searching for the stimulus that was no longer
there.  An intense shudder accompanied each gush of my fountaining come.  Now
I knew the real meaning of the term "massive ejaculation".  This one made the
earlier one I had with Michelle look like a dribble.  I collapsed, panting.
Kelly crawled over to me on her hands and knees, like a cat.  She purred
contentedly and cuddled against me.

   Victoria asked, "Should I have her clean you off, like she did her
sister? -- Then I will take pictures?"  I looked at my cock, covered in
drying come.  I was about to happily agree when I actually thought about it.

   "No, sweetheart.  That's not safe for her.  I don't want to make her real 
sick."  I kissed Kelly lightly on the forehead, and told her to get some soap 
and water and clean my dick.  She smiled brightly and went off to the
bathroom.  As she walked, the light reflected off the insides of her thighs
where my come had spilled.  Yes, Kelly was everything I had dreamed she would
be.

   Kelly returned, and lovingly cleansed my lower body.  She looked at me
with something akin to worship.  My dick stirred, then began to grow, as
Kelly gently, then more firmly wiped it clean.  She saw the effect she was
having on me.  "Is there anything else I can do, master?" she smiled, with a
lascivious gleam in her eyes.

   Victoria noticed, too.  My wife leaned over and whispered, "She deserves
the bite now.  I bit her, so it is as if you have only bitten her once."
Victoria paused.  "She wants it, and you do, too.  You may trust me, I am
your wife, and I would mourn your transformation."

   I addressed Kelly.  "Give me your throat, my sweet slave.  You have earned 
your reward."

   Kelly tilted her head back as far as it would go.  "Ye-esss, mass-terr.  I 
crave your embrace.  Please give me the kiss," she moaned, sounding
perilously close to orgasm.  I brushed her hair back gently, and looked deep
into her swooning eyes.

   "Yes, my lovely slave, you will serve me as long as I wish..."  The bite
was slow and deep.  Kelly relaxed, sighing.  She wrapped her arms around me
and drowned herself in the flood of sensation my fangs released in her.

   I drank slowly, battling continuously to control my twin lusts, as Kelly 
moaned, "Ohhhhh, massssterrrrr...  Yessss..." into my ear.  Kelly's life
spark, normally a floodlight, was a 50-watt bulb when I decided to stop
drinking.  My blood-lust howled at me in frustration, but I kept its chain
securely fastened so that no outward sign of my inner conflict would appear.
Victoria looked at me strangely, so maybe I didn't do such a good job of
hiding what I was feeling.  Kelly hung limply around me for support.  If she
had lost that much blood in an accident, she'd be in shock, but vampires
don't play by those rules.  "Th-thank... you," Kelly whispered.  Her eyes
fluttered, and she formed a word as they closed.  "Masss-terrrrr..."

   I lay her down gently and let her sleep.  Victoria's voice interrupted my 
contemplation of Kelly's fresh-faced simple beauty.  "Michelle, come here.  I 
want you to show me how to swallow my husband."  I turned in amazement at my 
wife, and then my eyes blissfully closed as Michelle took my cock in her hand 
and said, "The most important thing is to breathe through your nose..."

   I stiffened immediately, and Michelle wrapped her mouth around my dick.
Her tongue rolled around the head and rim.  I sighed in complete joy.  The
sensation of cooling air made me open my eyes.  Michelle was staring blankly
at me.  Suddenly, my wife's head was in my lap, imitating Michelle's earlier
movements.  Victoria looked me in the eye, a BIG smile on her face, and her
tongue danced all over my groin.  The touch of Victoria's tongue on any part
of my anatomy is enough to send a sizzle through me.  When she flicked it
over my dick, my entire body jerked.  She paused.  "Is vampire's tongue.
Sensation is good, yes?"

   I groaned in approval, moaning loudly while my wife gave me head for a few 
minutes.  Victoria stopped and handed me back to Michelle, who came back to
life at the touch of my pulsing member.  Michelle slowly worked her way down
my cock, and I felt the head hit the back of her mouth.  Kelly's little
sister looked at me with a wicked smile after pulling my dick out of her
mouth with a smacking noise.  "Now, this is the hard part.  Just keep
breathing," she counseled a very studious Victoria.

   GULP!  That's the only way I can describe it.  Michelle swallowed me with
one single, effortless stroke.  She swirled her head in my lap for emphasis,
and I wriggled in glee.  "Stop, Michelle.  That is enough."  Victoria
commanded Michelle, who removed her head slowly from around my dick.  I
watched as she settled back on her knees, eyes vacant and staring.  She was a
living statue.  Any reaction I had to that was cut off by Victoria's mouth,
trying to duplicate Michelle's feat.

   My wife bobbed her head and I could see her nostrils flare.  She took me
in, in, in... and coughed once, pulling back instinctively.  Victoria looked
up at me apologetically, and I smiled tenderly at her.  She resumed, but each
time my cock would breach her throat, she'd gag, tears would come to her
eyes, and she'd pause and try again.  She tried like a woman obsessed with
deep throating.  Before she could succeed, I couldn't hold back any longer,
and came one more time.  Victoria sucked some more and swallowed.  I could
feel her tongue curling to collect my sperm in her mouth, and she pulled
away.  "Michelle, come and finish," she commanded, and Michelle immediately
began to eat the rest of my come as it oozed out of my cock.

   Victoria made a face.  "Is -- different taste.  But not blood."  She
brushed my neck with a faint kiss.  I kissed her lightly in return.  Her eyes
turned red and her fangs flashed.  "Kelly, Michelle, I command you both leave
and go home.  You will forget everything that has passed here.  You will
forget being here.  Go, and do my bidding," Victoria growled.  As soon as the
door closed, Victoria and I made vampire love, with more ardor than usual.  I
figured that Victoria was turned on by the varied sex I had demonstrated to
her that night.  I couldn't have been more wrong.

   As we basked in the afterglow, Victoria put her head on my chest.  "I do
not want you to see them again.  Kelly will make you forget, and you will
become full vampire."

   "What if," I interjected, "you were with me?  I mean, we never got around
to the next part of my plan, which was to have them serve you as well as each
other.  You sent them away-"

   "NO!  Is one thing to watch.  But they are women.  Is -- _unnatural_," my 
wife complained.  I was surprised.  I mean, didn't she bite both Kelly and 
Michelle during the night?

   "You bit them, too," I said, turning my memories into words.

   "Is different.  I bite women for female slaves, not lovers.  My bite is
not orgasmic," she explained.  I could hear the frustration growing in her
voice.  "I do not want sex with women.  Is not normal."  She spat the words
out.

   "Are you telling me that being a vampire is a normal thing, too?" I shot 
back.  We were on our way to our first marital disagreement.  I couldn't
believe I was listening to a 100-year old vampire talk about natural and
unnatural.

   "Would you let one of my male slaves service you?" she retorted.  I hadn't 
even remotely considered the possibility.  She saw the expression on my face.  
"There, you see?  Is not problem until you are asked same thing.  Now you
know how I feel," she said, eyes brown, but blazing nonetheless.

   I capitulated and tried to make amends.  "You're right.  I'm sorry.  If
you don't want me to see them again, I won't.  You are my wife, and I love
you.  I'd hate to do anything that would destroy our relationship."  My tone
was pleading, conciliatory.

   Victoria was noticeably colder to me the rest of the night.  I left our
bed as she lay unresponsive to my touch.  I wound up spending the night on
the futon, contemplating the utility of my revenge.  It was incomplete, and
it had pissed my wife off.  I didn't sleep at all that night.

-- 
Moderator, rec.arts.erotica.  Submissions to erotica@unix.amherst.edu.
Please, no reposts, first drafts, or requests for "subscriptions,"
stories, GIFs, or archive sites.


Article 387 of rec.arts.erotica:
Xref: watserv2.uwaterloo.ca rec.arts.erotica:387
Path: watserv2.uwaterloo.ca!torn!utnut!cs.utexas.edu!wupost!bigboy.sbc.com!news.mtholyoke.edu!news.amherst.edu!not-for-mail
From: afgun@engin.umich.edu (Andrew F Gunnesch)
Newsgroups: rec.arts.erotica
Subject: Night Music (9/14)
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
Date: 11 Jun 1993 04:16:39 -0400
Organization: Smut Lobby
Lines: 260
Sender: erotica@unix.amherst.edu
Approved: erotica@unix.amherst.edu (Tim Pierce)
Message-ID: <1v9f17$oh1@amhux3.amherst.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: amhux3.amherst.edu
Keywords: mf nc gothic series
X-Moderator-Review: 7: much improved, though dialogue is still often ridiculous

Archive-name: n-music-09

[ Andrew Gunnesch has told me that he is willing to forward responses
  to the author of the series. -T. ]

		       Chapter 9: On the Other Foot

   Victoria kissed me on the cheek the next morning.  "Good morning.  Did you 
not sleep well?" she asked in a voice that was honey dipped in acid.  I
looked in the mirror.  I looked as good as I felt.  Ugh.  We had brunch at an
outdoor cafe.  Jonna waited on us.  Any possibility of pleasant conversation
vanished when Victoria noticed the fang marks on Jonna's neck.  "Her, too?"
she asked.  This time it was acid coated with poison.

   Brunch discussion centered on the closing date for the house, and the 
furnishings we needed.  My mind wandered, because _she_ was the rich one, and 
_she_ was going to be spending the money.  There was a definite distance
between us that hadn't existed before last night.

   We returned home.  I brooded over how to explain my revenge or my
fantasies to her.  I felt that I should say something in my own defense.
Once I had resolved that, there was only the small matter of bringing up the
subject.  As for Victoria, it was as if the previous night had never
happened.  She seemed perfectly willing to let it stew.  I finally screwed up
enough guts to say something.

   "Ummm... about last night..." I tentatively began.  Victoria looked up
from the Sunday comics, expectation in her eyes, but silence on her lips.  I
swallowed, and continued, "I'm very sorry if I angered or disgusted you last 
night.  I - I -- I can only apologize and hope you'll forgive me."  The room
was silent.  I hung my head, wondering why I was foolish enough to bring up
the subject.

   "Apologies are for mortals," Victoria flatly stated.  I looked at her with
a hanging jaw.  "Do not look so shocked," she pouted.  "You still think like
mortal man.  You choose your victims.  It will get you in trouble.  You lust 
after woman for sex, and bite to make dream come true.  Fuck Kelly in ass for 
humiliation, feh!  You enjoyed her fully.  She wanted bite, you wanted to
give it to her."

   "I was _lying_ about the bite!  You already warned me, remember?" I
pleaded.

   Victoria shook her head.  "No, is not true, you wanted to fuck so bad, you 
would bite!  I want you, so I bit girl and gave command."  Her voice got
softer.  "Mortals are not the only ones that can be seduced by vampire power.
Our power can control us, if we are not careful."  She paused, letting the
meaning sink in.  "You are my love, and I do not wish for anything bad to
happen.  So, I do not want you to speak of Kelly again.  Is bad sign, not
because I am jealous of Kelly, but it means that you are still mortal, not
vampire.  Mortal weaknesses kill vampire faster than stake through heart."

   There was so much I had to say to her.  I wanted to tell her how right she 
was, that I could explain everything, but that I would do better.  I opened
my mouth to say something, but Victoria waved her hand dismissively.  "No.
Remember fangs.  _They_ are what matters."  She pointed at her teeth, still 
normal in the fading daylight.  She continued, "You are still only baby
vampire.  I care for you now and forever.  Is not false promise for us."

   Night fell.  I shivered as the unbidden memory of the would-be car thieves 
replayed in my mind.  We didn't speak much the rest of the evening.  I was
lost in thought, for Victoria had raised the questions that I had been trying
my best to ignore.  As the night passed, my courage started running at an
all-time high.  I decided that I was going to get answers to my questions
then and there.  Victoria put an end to that idea, speaking first and saying,
"Come, let us go to bed, I am tired, and would sleep with you."  I begged
off, saying that I had some preparation to do for work on Monday.  She
shrugged, "As you wish."

   Before leaving me alone, she gave me a sweet, wet kiss.  I responded
fully, but without the extra enthusiasm that had been so prevalent early in
our relationship.  As I watched her get ready for, and go to bed, I became
aware that I was a little afraid of Victoria.  No, that wasn't quite it.  I
was afraid of... myself.  And what I'd become, and afraid of what I was on my
way to becoming.  I slept on the futon again.

   A revised deadline hit on Monday morning at work, and I was going to be in 
the middle of everything.  I was working late and didn't get home until after 
midnight.  On Tuesday and Wednesday, I was there until two in the morning.  I 
was tired, I was grumpy, and I was _still_ afraid of Victoria.  Victoria was 
very gentle with me, letting me come home and collapse in peace.  She'd give
me a back rub and let me drift off (crash) to sleep.  My mortal concerns had
left me unwilling to play with her at night.  She seemed to understand, and
was content to cuddle next to me as I slept.  The distance between us had
closed.

   Thursday was the bug from hell day.  After working on the problem for
eight hours, I took a break, completely frazzled.  I left the building for a
walk to clear my head.  While I was walking, I encountered a little
diversion.  I saw an attractive young woman pounding on the window of a car.
I walked over to her and asked, "Is there something wrong, do you need some
help?"  She wheeled, frightened, and clutched at a small canister of mace on
her key chain.  I held up my hands defensively.

   "You scared me half to death!  I didn't hear you at all!" she exclaimed.
I could see her relax as she evaluated me.  Apparently she decided I was
harmless.  Silly girl.  "I'm locked out of my car.  I can't believe that I
locked my keys in this thing!!!"

   "Well, maybe I can help," I offered, and moved to inspect the window and
door seals closely.  She leaned close, murmuring, "Do you see anything that
might help?"

   I turned my head and our eyes met.  What the hell, I could use a snack.  
"Come to my office.  We can call for a locksmith from there."

   "I don... yes," she answered.  Her intended refusal died as a desire to
agree with me filled her mind.  Our eyes were locked.  Her arms fell limply
by her side.  Her shoulder bag clattered to the ground.  I picked it up,
handed it to her, and turned to go back to the office.  She followed
silently.  The security guard wasn't in sight as we went in, and I took the
woman straight to my office.  Closing the door, I put my arm around her waist
gently and pulled her close.  "N-n-nooo..." she protested feebly, sensing
deep down that she was in danger.

   "Just a little bit, my dear," I whispered, and bit her.  The woman arched
her back, moaning softly as I drank her life.  I carefully paid attention to
the taste of the blood, and noted how different it was from Victoria's.  The
woman's life force flickered, and lost some of its brilliance.  I stopped,
bracing myself for the blood lust.  The demon must have been asleep, however,
for there was no internal conflict.  I sighed in relief, and let the woman
go.  She wobbled on her feet.  "Sit and sleep, you will remember only that
you called the locksmith from here."  When the locksmith called my office, I
woke the woman and sent her on her way.  I settled back in to work.

   What had seemed obscure and impossible two hours ago became elementary,
and the bug was eradicated in less than 15 minutes.  Shortly before midnight,
I was done.  It was time to go home to my wife.  The blood snack I'd had was
charging me up.  I was happy, energetic and feeling rambunctious.  I grabbed
a bottle of chilled champagne and two glasses from the market on my way home.

   Victoria wasn't at the door when I came into the apartment, so I
immediately headed for the bedroom, humming happily and loudly.  The
champagne and glasses fell to the floor as I turned the corner.  Victoria was
in bed naked.  Straddling, and rocking back and forth on top of some young
blond dude.  The noise made the guy turn his head, and his eyes grew wide at
the sight of me.   "Whut th'fuck is -- aack!"

   Victoria quickly bit him, and I heard her say, "Sleep," as I turned to
leave.  The apartment door shut behind me as I fled, and Victoria's yell of
"DAVID!!!"  was muffled.  I turned into a bat and streaked into the sky,
blinking back tears.  I was flying virtually blind, and felt extremely
betrayed.  "HOW COULD SHE???  IT HASN'T EVEN BEEN A FUCKING MONTH!" I
bellowed against the rushing air.

   I circled the city numerous times while I tried to make sense of
Victoria's actions.  As I flew, the wind began to answer my sobbed questions,
singing in response.  It was a soft, gentle melody, unlike the symphony that
had played when I flew the first time.  The longer I flew, the sweeter the
song became.  My tears stopped and were blown dry.  The angry, hurt thoughts
and emotions were muted by the music, wrapped in gossamer notes.

   I circled the city one more time, then headed back home.  The melody told
me to, that I would be cheered by my return.  When I landed, and changed back
to human form, the music ceased.  Nagging doubts made me hesitate outside and
ponder my options.  After a few minutes of trying to figure a better way, I 
realized that I _had_ to talk with my wife.  I took a deep breath; steeled 
myself, and went back in.  Victoria was sitting at the kitchen table,
smoking, facing the door when I came in.  She showed no surprise at my
return, nor at my calm.  "I knew you would be back.  I saw you fly away.  The
music called you back, yes?"  Her brown eyes were open, full of honesty.

   "How did you know?" I asked, surprised at the accuracy of her supposition.

   "I have flown away in anger and rage, too, David.  You forget sometimes, I
am much older than you."  Victoria put her cigarette out and stood up,
looking at me.  "I want to show you something," Victoria said.  The guy she
had been fucking walked in.  "I am here, mistress."  Obviously she had called
to him telepathically.

   I noted his well-muscled chest and arms.  His relatively long blonde hair, 
and rugged near-model good looks made me feel inadequate.  Then I noticed
that he was still naked, and turned in embarrassment.  "No, David, I want you
to see this," Victoria urged gently.  I reluctantly turned to watch, telling
myself that she has a reason for this.  Suddenly, he wrapped those big arms
around my wife, and kissed her long and deep.  I could barely contain the
anger that exploded in me as Victoria responded completely.

   She broke the embrace, a slight flush apparent on her face, and the look
in her eyes was the one that says, "Let's make love.  NOW."  She was
flaunting her attractiveness to this blonde hunk in front of me.  It was a
demonstration that there were other men who were as good as, or better than I
was.  Confused, I shifted uneasily on my feet.  Victoria must have
anticipated my reaction, because she said, "Stay there, David.  Watch and
learn," before I could move.  The weightlifting surfer's cock was rising, and
it looked like it was going to be in proportion to the rest of his body.

   Now I felt _completely_ inadequate, and very helpless.  What was Victoria 
going to teach me?  A lesson about fantasies?  That I wasn't the only one?
My anxiety grew by the microsecond, and time slowed enormously.  "Are you
jealous of Jeff, David?" Victoria purred.  Hell, yes!  I wanted to rip "Jeff"
to shreds at that moment.  Victoria _smiled_ at me, then turned to Jeff and
opened her mouth.  Ahhh shit, she was going to kiss him again.  Jeff's mouth
opened in return, waiting expectantly.

   As the distance between their mouths closed to almost nothing, Victoria 
leaned around to the side and bit him.  This wasn't a gentle bite, however.  
Jeff's dick instantaneously jumped to full erection.  He gurgled, and his
eyes bugged out with surprise.  The gurgling noise continued, a sound I
hadn't heard from a biting victim before.  I saw Jeff's penis rapidly
deflate.  The gurgling became harsh choking sounds.  His eyes were wide open,
but full of horror and panic, not ecstasy.  He tried to push Victoria away,
but she held him as if he were a child, and kept her mouth fixed on his neck.
She was making loud slurping sounds.   Jeff's legs stopped working, then his
arms; the choking noise got softer.  There was one last gurgle, his eyes
closed, and Victoria, quite casually, let the lifeless body thud to the
kitchen floor.

   There was blood all over her mouth.  Victoria's eyes were bright, bright
red, and very bloodshot, a shocking contrast to Jeff's pale, pale, dead body.
"You see, he meant nothing to me.  I took my pleasure as I desired, and I was
amused.  But he was ultimately only mortal.  I am a vampire, mortals exist
only for my amusement, and my food.  It would be good for you to learn that
you are a vampire, too."

   "So you've killed him to prove your point.  Does that mean in three days, 
he'll be a full vampire?  And your faithful slave, forever undead.  So what
do we do with the body until then?"  My voice was cold and emotionless.  I
had been brutally shocked by Victoria's ruthlessness, and blatant disregard
for mortal life.  If I had let any emotion out, I would have gone into
hysterics.

   She walked into the bedroom for a moment.  She returned with a sharp
wooden stick in her hand.  I knew what was coming, and my stomach heaved.
"You must not turn away," Victoria ordered.  She had no power to make me
watch, but I watched anyway, out of morbid fascination.  I was repulsed as
she drove the stake into the dead body on the kitchen floor.  I was horrified
as the eyes snapped wide open, and what had been Jeff hissed loudly.  It
tried to sit up, allowing Victoria to finish impaling the body.  The sharp
edge of the stake protruded from the back of the thing that was still
hissing.

   She picked up the cleaver from the knife rack.  With one swift (It was a
blur - I almost didn't see it), sure stroke, Victoria separated the head from
the body.  She reached into the cabinet and stuffed the head with cloves of
garlic.  The body disintegrated instantly.  "What body?" she coldly answered
my last question, clearly mocking my ignorance about vampires.  She swept up
the ashes, put them in the garbage disposal, and washed them away.  Victoria
carried the head to the bathroom, put it in the bathtub, and lit it with her
cigarette lighter.  It burned quickly, and completely.  Only a faint hint of
garlic hung in the air, and that was the only evidence of what had happened
in the apartment.

   "I know you will not make love to me tonight.  You must fight with your 
mortal part.  But you will make love with me again.  You are only man for me.  
Forever," Victoria said.  She kissed me on the cheek as she walked by.  I
stood, too stunned by everything to react to anything.  There was no
revulsion, no fear, no fascination, no nothing.  I just felt empty.

   I stayed on the futon again.  By myself.  I didn't sleep a wink.  My eyes 
never even closed.
