                        Nina - Chapter 1
                        
                                  
                                                                               
    Nina lives just a few houses away from me and she normally pops in
when she finds out I am at home. Occasionally she'll bring a friend also,
but most often she is alone. In my back yard there is a small stream
making a turn, and the water there is shallow and quite warm during
summer.  I moved in last summer, and it was just a few days before Nina
visited me and asked if she could play in the water; she had always been
allowed to do that, she told me. Well, why not, I thought. I was sitting
nearby and could watch her anyhow, making sure she was OK. 
                                                                               
    "My name is Tom," I told her. 
 She ran towards the stream where she was obviously building some sort of
dam as far as I could see.  She was wearing a short summer dress and had
no shoes on, and her hair was blond and fairly short for a girl. 
                                                                               
    I sat down and tried to continue reading my book as I watched her
moving small rocks around creating something that looked like a pool. 
When she bent over with her back towards me I could see her slim legs, and
the panties covering their upper parts. The panties were tightly covering
her little behind, and I could see the outlines of the sex between her
legs. 
                                                                               
    She was singing a joyful tune and looked really cute. She turned and
waved at me, and I waved back, smiling. Then she started moving towards me
and pointed at her creation. 
                                                                               
    "I've made a pool and I would like to try it, can I do that?" 
                                                                               
    "Sure, go ahead, but don't head for the deep water." She looked a bit
embarrassed, and pointed out that she hadn't brought her swim suit;  she
was not used to that. 
                                                                               
    "That's OK, no one will see you here except for me," I told her.  She
nodded and headed back to the water, where she pulled the dress above her
head and revealed that she had nothing put the panties underneath. 
                                                                               
    With her back turned towards me she slipped them to the ground and was
completely nude. Then she sat down in her pool and splashed the water
around her. It wasn't very deep, and the water covered her only to a bit
above her waist. She leaned back and seemed to enjoy herself for a while,
as I tried to read another page. When I looked up again she had risen from
the water and was picking up her clothes. 
                                                                               
    "Did you enjoy the bath?" I asked her. "Maybe you would like a towel?"
She smiled and nodded and I went inside to get one. 
                                                                               
    When I returned she was standing beside my chair using her dress to
partly cover herself. I gave her the towel and told her she could put the
clothes on the table. 
                                                                               
    "I don't mind if you are naked," I told her, and she put down her
clothes. She dried her front first, and I sat down watching her, smiling. 
Then she put the towel behind her neck, and I could for the first time see
her beautiful young body. The legs were long and slender, and where they
ended she had a perfectly shaped rounded vulva. She was completely bare
and her lips closed around her most private parts. Looking up I saw her
flat stomach, and above it her chest. 
                                                                               
    She had two tiny breasts that had just barely begun to blossom, with
small nipples pointing towards me.  She watched me, too, and I said she
needed not be embarrassed because I looked at her. 
                                                                               
    "Mmmm," she said, "can I lie down in the grass?" I told her of course
she could do that, and that I might join her if she liked. She nodded
again and spread the towel on the ground, placing herself on the back,
facing the sun. I went for another towel and lay down beside her, removing
my T-shirt. The day was wonderful, and I looked again at the girl who
seemed pleased to sunbathe naked. 
                                                                               
    "Wouldn't you like to be naked too?" she suddenly asked.  I hesitated,
being afraid to show her that I was getting aroused by her nude body. So I
sat up and watched her, trying to figure out what she was at. 
                                                                               
                                                                               
                        
                                       
                        Nina - Chapter 2
                                      
   "How old are, you, Nina?" 
                                                                               
    "I'm eleven, but I have seen naked men before!" 
                                                                               
    "Have you seen a hard-on before, too?" I wondered, and she replied
that she hadn't really seen that, except for on boys her own age. Then she
smiled and moved her hands down to her crotch.  I looked at her pussy and
she opened her legs a little. I moved slowly around and looked between her
legs where I could see her childish outer lips being parted by a
millimetre or two. 
                                                                               
    "Please take off your pants; I would like to see you too,"  she
exclaimed. So I considered the thought for a moment and decided it
wouldn't hurt. 
                                                                               
    I slowly lowered my shorts and underwear, revealing my quickly growing
penis to the sunshine. She looked excitedly at my member but did nothing. 
I returned to look at her sex, and studied her mound for a while. She was
totally bald, but I could see some hints of a blond downy cover just above
where her pubic lips parted. I would have liked to touch her, but dared
not do so. Then she looked at me and moved her legs a little further apart
showing me more. I could see a tiny clitoris hidden between her lips and
the opening of her vagina glowing slightly red. I moved my hand to touch
her stomach, and she said nothing, so I moved it slowly upwards until it
was just underneath her small breasts, and stopped there. 
                                                                               
    I looked at her face and she seemed pleased, so I moved my hand
further, gently touching her right breast. It felt soft except for a hard
bump just under the nipple, and I stroked it slowly, enjoying the feel of
the young girl. She looked somewhat tense, so I asked her if I should
stop. 
                                                                               
    "No I like it but it feels strange," she said, "nobody have touched me
like that before." I moved my hand to the other breast and squeezed it
gently, and my penis grew really hard because of the forbidden act with
this child. 
                                                                               
    I removed my hand and lowered my head to have a closer look between
her legs. I put my hands on her thighs and pulled them gently further
apart. I could feel a slight shiver and I told her to stop me if I did
something she didn't want me to. I could now see all of her genitals, and
the hairless pussy looked beautiful. The inner lips were folded around her
entrance which looked pink and virginal. I bent my head closer and could
smell her young-girl scents, nothing like that of the older girls. 
                                                                               
    She lay completely still observing what I did; this was obviously a
new experience to her. So I finally kissed her pussy carefully, and she
sighed in surprise. I asked her if it was OK, and she said that yes, it
felt good but different. 
                                                                               
    "Can you get your finger up inside yourself?" I asked her. 
                                                                               
    "Yes, a little bit, almost to the second knuckle," she answered, "then
it feels like stopping." 
                                                                               
    I looked down at her little vagina and touched it gently with my
finger. Then I put my middle finger at her entrance and slowly traced the
outlines. She felt damp, and was obviously getting excited, too. 
Carefully I inserted my finger in her pussy, feeling the wetness between
her tight lips.  She sighed again and I didn't push further. Instead I
removed my finger and kissed her again. Placing myself on my stomach
between her legs I got a wonderful view of her sex; I moved her knees up
and outwards until she was completely spread. I almost came just from the
sight of her now fully open cunt, and I planted my lips between them.
Licking her like this I could really taste her, and she tasted like
nothing I had experienced before. Her juices were not very developed, but
she tasted lovely and I felt really happy being between the legs of this
wonderful child. 
                                                                               
    I tried to bury my tongue between her inner lips, and it slid in a
bit. The taste here was a little stronger, and my nose was filled with the
smell of the pre-teen girl's pussy. I concentrated my efforts on the
places I thought she would enjoy most, and she started shivering again
while quiet moans escaped her lips. I stopped and asked her if she was OK,
and she nodded vigorously. 
                                                                               
    "Will you do it more?" she asked, and I was just glad to continue my
work on her naked pussy. 
                                                                               
    I didn't know girls at her age would orgasm, but that did indeed
happen when I licked her tiny clitoris a little extra. The child let out a
small scream, and her slender body shivered heavily. I moved my mouth down
to her opening and caught the little extra that escaped her pussy. I felt
really good about being able to bring this young girl to an orgasm, and
she had certainly enjoyed it. I moved up to her and kissed her small
breasts and finally her mouth. She was silent for a while, then she said,
"I have played with myself some times, but it has never felt as good as
this!" 
                                                                               
                                                                               
                        
                               
                        Nina - Chapter 3
                        
                                    
                                                                               
    I looked down at her and really loved this little girl. I kissed her
again and turned her around on her stomach. She looked so cute from
behind, and I patted her small buttocks. They were soft and childlike,
with only a hint of her growing into a lady soon. I then asked her if she
was exhausted or if she would like to do some more. She was absolutely in
the mood for playing, and told me to teach her more of this. I was very
happy to hear that, so I started caressing her behind more. She wriggled
it against me to show me that she had meant it. 
                                                                               
    I lifted her ass carefully and placed her on her knees, moving myself
behind her to look at her again. I pushed her shoulders down and her
buttocks parted, giving her a good view now of her pussy from behind, and
her little opening just above it. I felt really excited and lowered my
head to her thighs. Slowly I started kissing her on her legs, moving
towards her butt. Licking the behind of this girl got me almost over the
top again. I parted her ass cheeks with my hands and moved my mouth closer
to her tiny opening. Then I licked her from the lower parts of her pussy
and all the way up to her asshole. She let out a small sigh again,
apparently surprised with this new form of caressing. 
                                                                               
    I looked closely at her displayed rear entry, which was almost
completely red, darker than her pussy. I licked it again, and put my
tongue carefully against her hole. Pushing a little harder my tongue
slowly entered her back door, and I now had my tongue really inside the
little girl. I think she felt a little funny having a tongue shoved up her
behind, but she didn't move and didn't dislike it. With my hand I started
caressing her fanny, feeling her hairless mound and her equally hairless
pussy lips. I removed my tongue from her behind and looked closely at her
intimate parts again. They looked so lovely, small and childlike, and I
moved my finger towards her pussy opening. I carefully inserted my finger,
and it slid in a fraction of an inch. 
                                                                               
    With the other hand I touched her other hole, and opened it slightly. 
I pushed on, and the muscles opened a bit. Some more pushing, and my
finger slid into her rear until it was completely buried. Her ring muscle
worked on my finger, and I felt she was really tight. My finger in her
pussy moved a fraction inwards, and here I could feel the walls of the
virginal cunt pressing tightly onto me. Taking care not to press too hard
on her pussy I started fingerfucking her, watching the movements inside
the tight openings of the child. Her back hole opened and closed as my
finger went back and forth, and the pussy lips gripped my finger as it
moved inside her pre-teen folds. 
                                                                               
    "Oh, it feels so funny when your fingers are inside me!" Nina said.  I
asked her if she liked it, and she said it felt good. I slowly removed my
fingers from her small openings and had her sit up facing me. 
                                                                               
    "Would you like to do me some good too?" I asked her, and she agreed,
smiling. I took her hand and led it to my penis, and she anxiously gripped
it; for the first time in her young life touching the erect organ of an
adult. I felt it like a lightning when her little hand first came close to
me, and I almost couldn't believe that this child actually touched my sex. 
                                                                               
    "Don't be afraid of it, and pull your hand slowly up and down the
shaft," I told her. She started masturbating me, and I marvelled at the
sight of her, a completely nude, slim 11-year-old girl standing on her
knees. Her hairless pussy looked so young, and her tiny breasts had stiff,
erect small nipples. She giggled and enjoyed her introduction into making
love. She looked closely at my penis and moved her hands around, feeling
the hard organ. I moved her hand to my balls and told her she could touch
all of it as she liked.  She felt the hair and my balls, and moved a hand
in between my legs to find out what it was like. 
                                                                               
    "Will you kiss it?" I asked her, and she lowered her head towards my
now immensely erect member. "If you do, I'll come and you will get the
load pretty soon." She looked puzzled, and I told her she could try to
swallow it; it wasn't dangerous. I took her head and lead it closer, until
her lips touched me, and she hesitated. 
                                                                               
    Then she let out her tongue and tasted. She decided it didn't taste
bad, so she opened her mouth and put the tip inside her lips. I pulled her
closer and watched my cock slide into her. It looked very big compared to
her small head, and I couldn't hold it back any more. Moving my hips
quickly back and forth I felt the most intense orgasm build up and with a
groan I started pulsating into her wide open mouth. She let out a squeak
when she felt the liquid coming inside her mouth, but I held her fast and
she started swallowing as much as she could. Coming into the mouth of this
child gave me the best orgasm I had felt ever, and I moved my hand and
felt her tight, childish sex to fulfil the experience. 
                                                                               
    It seemed to last forever, but when it ended I calmed down and looked
at her. Some of the come had spilled from her lips, and I moved my hand to
help her lick it all up.  I removed my cock from her mouth and slowly sat
down, trying to recover.  She finished licking my fingers and sat down,
too. Then she smiled the most wonderful smile I have ever seen, and asked
me if she had done it right. I told her I had never dreamt having sex with
a little girl would be so great. 
                                                                               
    My stiffness hadn't gone down the least bit, and I wondered if the was
tired of it. She assured me she wasn't, and that she really enjoyed the
whole thing. 
                                                                               

                        
                                  
                        Nina - Chapter 4
                        
                               
                                                                               
    I decided it was time to open more of the child, and asked her to come
with me inside. She rose and started walking towards the door, and I
watched her cute little ass wriggling in front of me. I took her hand and
led her to my bed, where I put her on her back and made her spread her
legs wide apart. I lay down between her knees and felt her little cunt. 
She must have enjoyed the sucking, for she was by now really wet between
her lips. I led her hand so that she could feel it, and she told me she
hadn't ever been that slippery between her legs before. 
                                                                               
    I inserted a finger into her, and pushed a little. She whimpered
slightly and told me to be careful. Her pussy felt really tight, and I
decided I would like her to be a virgin a little more. I bent her legs
upwards, exposing all she had between them. Again I felt like kissing her
back opening, but instead I found the jar of K-Y jelly. 
                                                                               
    I opened it and had some on my fingers. I got harder and harder as I
applied some of it around her little opening. She watched me wondering
what I would do next. Then I slid a finger into her rear, enjoying the
tight pressure. I asked her to relax and led another finger slowly into
the same hole. She gasped as I pressed the fingers all the way into her,
but when I asked she assured me it didn't hurt. 
                                                                               
    I moved my fingers back and forth into her, lubricating her inside. 
Then I put some more jelly on my penis and asked her if she was ready to
try. 
                                                                               
    "Are you going to put that in my butt?" she asked, disbelievingly. 
    I told her I had long wanted to do that with a child, and that I hoped
she would like it, too. She nodded and spread her little legs as much as
she could, opening her cunt lips and displaying both her tight openings. 
She was totally hairless all over between her legs. I put a pillow under
her to raise her a little, and moved my cock close to her. Bending her
legs backwards I pushed it against her back opening, moving it a little
back and forth enjoying the close contact. Then I pressed forwards and
felt her muscles opening for the tip. 
                                                                               
    Being about a centimetre into the girl I stopped and looked at her
wide open eyes. This was definitely something new for her, and she was
obviously scared. I rubbed her tiny clitoris gently, and she moaned
slightly to the touch. Then I put more pressure on her anal opening and
her muscles opened slowly. She started moaning and breathing heavily and I
stopped again when the head was almost inside her. She was the tightest I
had ever experienced and it almost hurt when her hole gripped around me. 
I pushed a little more until the head was fully inside the child, and her
moans increased. 
                                                                               
    I saw tears in her eyes and asked if it hurt. She nodded and said she
was too small. So I paused and looked at the sight of my cock inside her. 
She did look too small for my cock, and her totally bare pussy and almost
flat chest confirmed that. I bent forward and patted her cheeks to comfort
her. 
                                                                               
    "Relax now and try to get used to it," I told her. She released her
tense muscles and after a while she breathed more normally. She told me it
was better now and almost didn't hurt any more, and agreed to go on. 
                                                                               
    Now that she was getting used to having a penis inside her ass, I
started to enter the child further.  I pushed slowly and watched it slide
millimetre by millimetre into her, feeling her insides making room for me. 
She whimpered again but I continued the pressure on her hole until my cock
was half way up the narrow canal. Then I withdrew a little making her sigh
loudly, and pushed back a little extra. She didn't seem too distressed, so
I started moving slowly back and forth into her, creating new moans each
time she felt more of her insides being used. For each forward movement
more of my cock was buried inside Nina's tight hole, and I could see she
was hurting. 
                                                                               
    I paused again, this time feeling her ring muscle gripping amidst the
shaft.  Her asshole was widely stretched and the girl had started crying
again.  I kissed away her tears and she recovered slowly, amazingly being
willing to go on. Pushing harder, my cock slid rapidly in until it was all
the way into her, and she cried out that it hurt. So I stopped again,
giving her some time to get used to it, before I started moving back and
forth. 
                                                                               
    I watched her grimace as I moved all the way in, and sigh when I
pulled out. Now she could take it, and I increased the pace. I started
fucking the child in earnest, and watched her hole as my cock entered and
retracted.  The tight muscle made her really narrow, and ass-fucking this
little girl took me to the edge quicker than ever before. I inserted a
finger into her little girl cunt, and could feel my cock below. She was
really stretched more than she had ever experienced, but seemed to have
overcome the pain in her rear hole. 
                                                                               
    Her pussy was really wet, and I started fingering her clitoris lightly
again. This she seemed to appreciate, so I continued at the same time as I
pushed as hard as I could on her ass. Although it was still very narrow,
her asshole was now more accustomed to my cock, and Nina started moaning
again in pleasure.  I was really surprised with her, and very pleased that
she was not in pain any more. Fingering her hairless pussy and fucking her
narrow canal I started to build up again, and I started fucking the child
vigorously.  Her vagina got wetter and I saw Nina was now enjoying being
fucked; soon her moans grew louder and I continued masturbating her child
clitoris. 
                                                                               
    I couldn't wait more and increased the speed, feeling my balls slam
against her butt as I pushed as deep as possible into her. She started to
wriggle and I could feel her hole contracting rhythmically when I started
to orgasm, releasing my load into the child.  My most wonderful fuck ever
was at its climax, and the little girl managed to come simultaneously.  I
massaged her clitoris and felt the hairless vulva shiver when her rear
hole was filled with my come in what seemed an endless stream. If she had
been wet earlier, this was a hitherto unknown amount, and I used her
lubrication to give her extra pleasure with my fingers.  Finally we
collapsed, and I turned us around so that she lay on top of me, my now
half stiff member still buried inside her opening. The tension lessened
slowly, and I lay still trying to recover while I let my hands caress the
soft skin of this little girl, and felt her tiny breasts pressed against
my chest. 
                                                                               
                                                                               
                        
                                   
                        Nina - Chapter 5
                        
                                    
                                                                               
    "Are you OK?" I asked Nina after a while in silence. She smiled and
nodded. 
                                                                               
    "You are not so big in my asshole any more. It really hurt in the
beginning!  Now it doesn't hurt and I sort of like it." I could feel her
muscles tightening around my limp cock as she squeezed her hole tighter. 
I wanted to be good to her and asked if she would like to have a wash. 
She said yes and I lifted her off my chest feeling my cock pop out of her
behind. I carried her to the bathroom and turned the shower on with nice
warm water. 
                                                                               
    I started washing her tiny body, massaging her back and small ass
cheeks. Moving my hands around her body, I continued with her breasts and
again marvelled at her small bumps with the fingernail-sized nipples. 
Moving downwards, I stroked her between her legs, and slipped a finger
carefully between her bald pussy lips. Her little cunt was still very wet
and slippery. I gave her the soap and sat down at the floor. She started
rubbing my shoulders and worked downwards until she reached my loin.  Then
I felt her small hands gripping around my member and she washed me
thoroughly, removing all the traces of where it had been a few minutes
earlier. 
    She washed my balls carefully and poked a finger between my legs,
touching my rear hole wilfully. She giggled.  This made me feel horny
again, but I didn't consider it possible to do anything for a while. I put
my hands on her small hips and made her sit down, and I gave her a small
kiss. She was interested in this, and we kissed again; this time I pushed
my tongue inside her mouth and started tongue-kissing her properly.  She
responded and we ended up licking each other's tongues. Her mouth was very
small, but she kissed the best she could. 
                                                                               
    After a while I asked her to bend over so I could wash her behind
properly. She went down on her knees and spread her legs, again showing me
her nude crack. I soaped my hands and started rubbing her between the
legs.  I cleaned her outsides before I put a finger inside her back hole. 
It opened easily for my finger, as her muscles were still stretched.  I
spread her ass cheeks with my hands and her hole stayed open even when I
removed my finger. I squirted water over her and removed the foam before I
started licking her behind. I licked her opened hole and she moaned. 
                                                                               
    This made me stiff again and I wanted to be inside her. I moved up
behind her and rubbed my cock back and forth between her legs. She moved
her hand to my cock and pulled it close to her back hole. She wanted more,
and I felt delighted. I pushed hard, and even without any lubrication I
sank into her asshole again. She made loud sounds and started to move back
and forth, making my cock enter her back hole quickly. The girl really
enjoyed having her ass penetrated this time, and her childish moans made
me even stiffer. But as we rocked back and forth I felt the water turning
colder, so I had to pull out of the child to turn off the shower.  I
produced some towels, and we dried each other's bodies thoroughly. 
                                                                               
                                                                               
                        
                                 
                        Nina - Chapter 6
                        
                                      
                                                                               
    Now I took her hand and we walked back into the sleeping room
together. She jumped onto the bed and lay down on her back with her legs
widely spread. Raising her legs she exposed her sex and back hole fully. 
                                                                               
    "Can we do it again please?" she asked with her childish voice.  I
looked down at her and told her I would like to fuck her other hole, if
she wouldn't mind. I told her it would also hurt to begin with, but that
it would probably feel even better after a while. 
                                                                               
    I told her she was actually too young for fucking, and that she might
like to wait till she developed before she did it. Children's cunts are
not really equipped for that, and most girls wait at least until they grow
hair between their legs, I told her. 
                                                                               
    "But I want to try, even if I haven't got any hair there," she said. 
She moved her hands down and spread her childish cunt lips with her small
fingers, and I saw her extremely tight vagina opening; it looked red and
swollen, and the child was very eager to go on. Her low age made it
unnecessary to think of any kind of contraception. She was so small I
thought it would be impossible to open her cunt, but I really wanted to
try her. 
                                                                               
    Having barely reached the first stage of puberty, this eleven-year-old
virgin acted more like an older girl than the child she was. She wriggled
her ass and begged me to do something with her. I moved down to her and
started licking her slender thighs, moving slowly upwards to the centre of
attraction, her completely hairless little snatch. I could sense her
scents again, and I buried my tongue between her inner lips. She again
started breathing heavily when my tongue started caressing her child cunt. 
This time I pushed as far as I could into her vagina, and I felt the walls
tightening around my tongue. I inserted a finger in the child, and pushed
further than anything had ever been inside her. I felt her insides giving
way to my finger, and she screamed as I pushed hard into her. 
                                                                               
    "It hurts!" she demanded, but I left my finger buried in her cunt as
far as it could go. Leaving it there, I started moving it slowly, until
she was comfortable feeling her vagina being used for the first time. 
This child was extraordinary, and her little cunt started to feel slippery
again as she worked up a sexual lust. I removed my finger from between her
legs and let her taste her own lubrication. She looked puzzled at first,
but she licked my finger and moaned as I kissed her stiff nipple. 
                                                                               
    "Do you want to try?" I asked, and she nodded, ready to enter
womanhood at the age of eleven. I was getting really horny now, and I
couldn't wait to feel the extra-tight cunt of this child around my stiff
member. 
                                                                               
    I moved closer to her and placed my cock at her entrance, feeling the
childish cunt lips kissing it. With my fingers I opened her lips and I
pushed carefully until half the head was inside her cunt. Her eyes were
again opened wide in anticipation and fear. I then told her again it would
hurt, and started pushing harder. Her cunt just wouldn't open, and despite
her lubricant I couldn't get myself inside her. So I had to push really
hard, and I watched her small lips finally starting to part. 
                                                                               
    Her eyes filled with tears again, but I decided to continue pushing. 
I grabbed her small hips and pulled her towards me as I thrusted hard
against her bottom. Then I felt her cunt open, and my cock slid quickly
into her. 
                                                                               
    She screamed intensely as I opened her small-girl hole, but I didn't
ease the pressure until I felt the tip of my cock being blocked by the
bottom of her vagina. She screamed and cried by the pain she felt in her
little pussy, and I stopped pushing. I looked down at her, and she sobbed
loudly while tears streamed from her eyes. I looked further down, and I
saw my cock buried between her childish, hairless cunt lips. Compared to
her tiny body, I looked monstrously big, and her child pussy looked
extremely stretched. 
                                                                               
    I bent over her and rolled over so that she was on top of me, my cock
still inside her.  Then I had her sit up; I wanted her to have control
over the situation until she got used to it. She felt extremely tight
around my cock, and the sight of her sitting on top of it almost made me
come again. I looked at her and saw the tiny breasts, her slender waist
and flat stomach. Below this was her hairless cunt, now being stretched by
my cock inside it. We kept the posture for a while, and then I kissed away
her tears. 
                                                                               
    I asked her how it felt, and she assured me her little pussy still
hurt. But the worst was over, and I started moving her slowly up and down
my shaft. She didn't protest, and her small pussy lips slid up and down,
giving me so much pleasure. After a while she started to look better, and
when I fondled her clitoris a bit she started moaning again. 
                                                                               
    "Oh, it hurts between my legs, but it is good when you touch me
there," she exclaimed. I let the child rest with my cock buried inside her
little fanny, and increased the caressing of the tiny button between her
bald pussy lips.  This kid was truly remarkable, as she now seemed to
enjoy the whole thing. I pulled her towards me and managed to reach her
little breasts with me lips. I bit her nipples lightly, making her breath
loudly. 
                                                                               
    "Do you want to finish?" I asked her, and she nodded. I felt I could
go on forever, having had so many climaxes over the last few hours, but I
knew she was getting sore from this. I moved my hand down to her bottom
and carefully touched her between her legs. The pussy lips were extremely
stretched and there was absolutely no room between them and my cock.  I
touched her little crack, carefully inserting a finger in her behind. 
This made her let out a little moan, and she started moving her hips a
little up and down, sliding my cock inside her. This was just too much for
me, and I told her I would come inside her pussy soon. Then she increased
the movements, sitting down as hard as she could and raising so that my
cock was just barely inside her. I knew she hurt herself doing this, but
she continued moving up and down on me until I could feel a climax quickly
approaching. 
                                                                               
    Then it happened, and my cock expanded slightly; I grabbed her little
ass and pushed her as far down on me as I could, making her let out a
scream of pain when her insides were stretched to the limit. I then filled
her eleven-year-old cunt with what I had left in my balls, spasmed again
and again before I pulled her down upon me feeling totally exhausted.  She
sobbed silently when I carefully patted her back, and I felt her little
cunt squeezing my softening cock in a tight grip. 
                                                                               
    We rested for a while, and then I moved Nina down to my side, making
my cock pop out of the tight child cunt. We kissed, and I asked her how
she felt. She told me it still hurt down there, and I moved down to have a
look at her sex.  She was very red between her legs, and when I touched
her little cunt she whimpered slightly. I could see a little bit of blood
inside her pussy lips, and I thought it would be best to wash her. We went
to the bathroom and washed, being very careful with her sore vagina.  We
then dried and dressed, and I felt assured she was OK when she smiled at
me and told me she had liked it, after all. She told me she would go home,
but she would like to come back another day. We kissed, and the lovely
child then said good-bye and left. 
                                                                               

                                                                               

                        Nina - Chapter 7
                        
                                    
                                                                               
    A few days passed, and I slowly started building up a lust for more
sex with Nina. She was the youngest girl I knew that had actually had a
cock inside her, and she had even liked it! So I was very pleased when she
knocked at my door and asked if she could come in. She wore a small dress
again, and looked like a very happy little child. 
                                                                               
    Once inside, she waved at me and wanted me to bend down. Then she
started whispering in my ear: "I have my sister with me, she is waiting
outside. Can she come in, too?" Of course, I said, and she opened the door
again and waved at the bushes. 
                                                                               
    Then an incredibly young girl ran up the pathway and came inside. 
                                                                               
    "This is my sister Catherine, she would like to meet you!" Nina said
proudly. Catherine was the cutest little thing ever seen, and when I asked
her she said she was six. I gave the girls a soft drink each, and we sat
down at the kitchen talking for a while. They were both very happy little
girls, and I wondered what Nina had in mind. Then she stood up and said
she wanted to go to the bedroom. She took Catherine's hand and they both
walked in with me following them. Nina winked at her baby sister, and they
both bent down showing me their behinds. None of them had panties on! 
                                                                               
    "Do you want to look?" Nina said, as she spread her legs a little. 
Catherine spread her legs as well, and I kneeled behind the girls, looking
at the youngest cunt I had ever seen closely.  Catherine's little pussy
was completely closed by the lips, and the crack starting at her
protruding mound didn't part at all, all the way back to her little
asshole. I looked at the girl and was really puzzled that she did this. 
Then the girls stood up and quickly removed their dresses, now both
completely nude in front of me. 
                                                                               
    "Now you undress, too!" Nina said, and she helped me remove my
clothes. Now undressed, my cock instantly stiffened and stood out like a
pole pointing at the girls. They jumped onto the bed and lay down on their
backs. Nina had obviously shown Catherine how to do this, because they
both spread their legs wide open to show me what they had. Nina's pussy
now looked good again, and her lips parted showing the entrance to her
vagina.  Catherine's lips were still closed, however, and I stood still
for a moment not knowing what to do. 
                                                                               
    "Look at her," Nina said, and I bent down to take a closer look at
Catherine. Her pussy was that of a very young child, with not even a trace
of hair on it. Looking up at her chest I saw she was completely flat, and
I figured she wouldn't grow any breasts for many years to come. I then
lowered my head to her little fanny and kissed her. She was surprised and
shuddered a little from this. I then raised her legs and spread her as
much as I could and saw her pussy lips parting a little bit.  She had a
tiny clitoris and an extremely narrow vagina opening, and when I tried
licking her pussy I found that only the tip of my tongue managed to enter
between her lips. 
                                                                               
    I pressed slightly, and felt my tongue being gripped by her narrow
canal, not being able to move more than a few millimetres inside her cunt. 
The big surprise was that she was actually damp there, so even this
six-year-old girl was actually horny! I could smell a very faint odour
from her sex, but she hadn't developed any of the stronger smelling
liquids at all. 
                                                                               
    Now Nina came up to us and asked me if I liked her little sister. 
                                                                               
    "Do you want to have fun with her?" she asked. I told her that we
could have fun, but that Catherine was really too small for having sex
yet. 
                                                                               
    "But we kiss each other down there and she likes it very much. I have
also tried to put a finger in her butt the way you did with me,"  she
answered. I gave it a thought and decided I would like to play with this
very young girl. Nina moved over and kissed her little sister on the mouth
and then started sucking her nipples. It was a wonderful sight, and I
raised the child's bottom a little and looked at her tiny rear opening. 
                                                                               
    I wanted to kiss her there, and did so. Using my tongue I pushed a
little and entered the hole slightly, making Catherine let out a childish
sigh.  Then I pulled Nina's behind to me and had her lie down on top of
her sister.  I pushed her down and watched their small pussies rubbing
each other.  Catherine's pussy was completely closed even when her legs
were spread, but Nina's pussy lips parted a little showing her small
opening. I inserted a finger in the eleven-year-old pussy, and it slid
inside the child's vagina. Nina breathed heavily and pushed back with her
little behind. She was really wet, and when I removed my finger it was
slippery. 
                                                                               
    I moved my hand to Catherine's sex and probed lightly between the
six-year-old's tight lips. I pushed a little, and the child opened a bit
to my finger. She was so small she felt almost like a vice down there, and
I didn't know if she wanted this. So I asked her if it was OK, and she
grinned and said that Nina had told her it would hurt but that it would be
better after a while, so she didn't mind. She was not very wet at all, the
child, and I thought it would be better to use some lubricant in her. 
                                                                               
    I found the K-Y jelly and spread it on her cunt and on my finger;  I
also put some of it on her other opening for later. The first time I had
ever been close to the sex of a girl this young I was actually trying to
open her; I felt extremely aroused just by the thought of it. I touched
Catherine again, slowly inserting my finger in her childish opening.  She
was so tight I didn't think I could enter her at all, and I thought I had
to be very careful with her. Nina looked down wondering what I was doing,
and I thought it was best to look after her as well. I raised my head to
her behind and gave her a good kiss between her young legs. Pushing my
tongue out I started licking this child from her little vagina up to her
asshole. She pushed back wanting to have more of it. My tongue went
between her vagina lips, and they parted so that I could lick her inside. 
She was still extremely narrow, but I knew she could take a cock there. 
                                                                               
    Still licking Nina I concentrated on Catherine's tiny pussy, pushing
my finger a bit further until it was blocked. She was so narrow my finger
almost hurt inside her, and she let out a small cry as I poked her hole a
little. I stopped licking Nina, and she moved to have a look at what was
going on with her baby sister. She saw my finger inserted in Catherine's
pussy, and moved down to kiss her tiny clitoris, which she knew would give
her sister pleasure. 
                                                                               
    "Oh, that's good!" the six-year-old exclaimed as Nina worked her
tongue between her legs.  She relaxed, and I pushed my finger a little
harder into her totally hairless, unused cunt. She moaned loudly and I
could feel her cunt muscles rhythmically contracting. More pressure, and
she cried out loudly when my finger slid into her. 
                                                                               
    This girl was so small, and her cunt was for the very first time being
penetrated; I let my finger rest inside her and looked at her face.  She
was grimacing from the pain she felt inside her. I didn't want to hurt her
more, and removed my finger from her tight grip, making the child relax. 
Her cunt was far too small for being penetrated yet without giving her
unbearable pain. 
                                                                               
    "I think your pussy hole is too small, but maybe you would like me to
try the other hole down there?" I asked the little child. She looked
puzzled, and I touched her back hole slightly to tell her what I meant. 
She nodded and smiled, remembering what Nina had done to that hole
earlier.  I inserted my thumb in the girl, watching her face carefully.
She was anxious but smiled when my finger came to a rest within her.  I
moved it back and forth a little in her well-lubricated asshole while Nina
played with her clitoris and hairless pussy, and the child smiled,
enjoying what was being done with her almost baby-like body. Her skin was
very smooth, and she was soft all over like a very small girl. Her hole
gripped tightly around my thumb when I moved it back and forth within her. 
                                                                               
    I decided to do more with her, and stopped fingerfucking the girl. 
Nina lifted her face, and I turned Catherine on her stomach, raising her
bottom in the air.  The little child looked very sexy in this position
with her legs spread apart revealing everything she had between her legs. 
A small back hole, and just beneath it small, tight cunt lips covering an
unbelievably narrow, virginal pussy opening. I found a small vibrator I
thought the girl could take, and lubricated it well. Nina watched
anxiously as I touched her little sister with the vibrator and widened her
anal opening a little. I told Catherine to tell me at once if it hurt, and
moved the tool very carefully into the child's butt. 
                                                                               
    Her eyes opened wide as she felt the vibrator slide inside her, but
she said nothing. When the vibrator was halfway inside her I stopped and
looked at the young child; it was an incredible sight, a girl the age of
six, many years from reaching puberty and still she was having sex.  Her
small, soft ass cheeks were parted, and between them a vibrator was
inserted in her tiny asshole. 
                                                                               
    "Does it hurt?" I asked her. 
                                                                               
    "No but it feels strange in my end, I think I must shit," she said.  I
didn't think she had to, but maybe she was right. 
                                                                               
    "Do you want to do it now?" I asked, and she nodded. I removed the
vibrator from her behind and followed her to the toilet where she sat
down. 
                                                                               
    I asked her if she wanted me to leave, but she said I could stay.  I
spread her legs and put a hand down between them, feeling her little pussy
and ass. I told her to do her things, and that I would like to watch.  I
could feel her asshole opening a bit, and I removed my hand to let her go. 
She was soon finished and bent forward, asking me to clean her. I then
lifted her into the shower and washed her thoroughly, paying extra
attention to her little cunt at the same time. Then I dried her and
carried her back to the bed. 
                                                                               
                                                                               
                        
                                       
                        Nina - Chapter 8
                        
                                  
                                                                               
    Once in the bed, Catherine lay on her stomach, raising her behind
again to continue where we left off. I was astonished by her attitude, and
couldn't understand how such a small girl could want sex! Then I
lubricated her ass again and asked her if she wanted more. She nodded and
told me she liked that I played with her down there. 
                                                                               
    This time I put the vibrator inside her more quickly, and she moaned
when she felt her insides parting. Now Nina looked like she wanted to
play, too, and I asked her if she wanted to ass-fuck her sister with the
vibrator. She smiled and nodded, and gripped the tool that was planted in
her baby sister's behind. 
                                                                               
    "Do you like this, sis?" she asked. 
    "Yes, this is fun," Catherine answered. 
                                                                               
    I let the girls play and found a larger dildo I wanted to use on Nina. 
I showed it to her, and she nodded quickly. I lubricated it well and
placed myself behind her. She raised her ass and waited anxiously for me
to continue. Then I started to insert the tool into Nina's rear entry as
she worked on her little sister. She moaned loudly as the head of the
dildo passed her ring muscle, and let out a cry when I pushed it into her. 
"Oh, it feels so big inside me," she said when the dildo was pushed all
the way up her little behind. There was a scream from Catherine, and I saw
that Nina had pushed the vibrator all the way inside her. Now the
eleven-year-old girl had a dildo inside her and her six-year-old sister
was being fucked with a vibrator in her anus. I looked down at the
children who were both far too young for this, and they really seemed to
enjoy it. 
                                                                               
    I went down on Nina and felt her little pussy; she was all wet and
good down there between her small lips, and I thought maybe she would like
to have a cock in her child cunt again. I ran my tongue over her bald
pussy and enjoyed the feeling of her nude skin. Then I put my iron stiff
member to her tight lips and entered the child a few millimetres.  She
breathed fast and heavy when she felt her pussy lips being parted again,
but didn't stop me. I pushed on and slid a bit into her, just below the
dildo that spread her ass cheeks wide. She now stopped toying with
Catherine and pressed her head down to the bed. 
                                                                               
    "Oooooh, careful!! It hurts! Ooooooghhhh!" she shouted with her
childish voice. I was only just a little inside her, but I stopped and
withdrew from her. She was just too small for this, and could only manage
to have one of her holes stretched wide at a time. 
                                                                               
    I slowly removed the dildo from her asshole, and she sighed when she
felt the head leave her ring muscle. She recovered quickly, and I handed
the thing over to her, asking her to try her baby sister with it. Her eyes
widened when she thought of pushing the dildo into Catherine's end, but
she nodded and pulled the vibrator out of her. I watched her small hands
holding what seemed like an enormous pole and poking it at the little
girl's behind.  Catherine turned to see what happened, and looked
frightened when she saw the big dildo being held close to her little hole. 
But Nina was very careful, and used a lot of time to try to accustom her
little sister to having her asshole stretched that much. 
                                                                               
    After a while of rubbing the thing back and forth between Catherine's
ass cheeks Nina managed to get the tip of the head into her sister.  The
kid let out a small cry, and I told her to try to relax her muscles.  She
buried her head in the pillow but said nothing. Nina waited a little, then
pushed the head of the dildo into the little hole. That made Catherine
scream, and Nina stopped the movement. The big dildo pointed out from the
little girl's behind, and it didn't move when Nina released her grip. 
Nina went to hug and kiss her sister, and I comforted her by kissing the
tiny clitoris and the narrow slit of this truly young girl. She was really
petite, and the dildo now placed in her behind looked much bigger than it
actually was. 
                                                                               
    After a while Nina came back again and said her sister was fine.  She
just felt strange now with her asshole so big, and it didn't hurt any
more. I was delighted to hear that, and when Nina raised her behind and
spread her legs I felt my cock expanding more than ever. We moved over so
that Catherine could see what happened to Nina, and she lowered her rump
with the dildo still inside her. I caressed Nina's little pussy, and again
I could hardly believe I was actually doing this with a girl that was only
eleven. Her cunt was so smooth and soft, and she had no hair at all
between her legs. But between her lips she was now very slippery from her
girl's juices, and when I moved my cock to her opening she sighed and said
I should put it inside her. 
                                                                               
    I opened her child cunt with my fingers, looking at her pink entrance
that was so narrow between the young folds of her pussy lips. I pushed
forward, and she accepted me slowly, gasping for every centimetre she felt
slide inside her. 
                                                                               
    "Is it good?" Catherine asked. 
                                                                               
    "Oh yes, oh yes, ohhhh... Wait until you are bigger, then you can have
it, too... Oooooooooohhhhhhhhh!!!" Nina gasped as her extremely tight
little pussy allowed more and more of my cock to enter her. 
                                                                               
    "Oh I like to feel a big man inside me now, mmmmmmmmmmmhhhh, it hurts
but it is so good! I'm glad I didn't wait until I was bigger and had hair
and all down there!" She was truly fantastic this little girl;  she
wriggled her slim behind as I sank deep into her widely stretched but
willing, tight cunt. 
                                                                               
    When I felt her vagina bottom I had still a few centimetres to go, but
she was too small to accept it all. I started fucking the girl, and her
moaning increased rapidly. Only a few seconds later she started
shuddering, making her pussy contract even more around my stiff member. 
Then I released my load inside her, and she screamed in pleasure as she
orgasmed violently with my cock buried deep within her. I didn't soften a
bit, and continued moving within her while I caressed her tiny tits.  This
made her come again, and I felt my cock starting to hurt from the
extremely tight grip her cunt had on it. I slowed down, and she relaxed,
feeling exhausted from her first real vaginal orgasm. 
                                                                               
    Nina lay down on her stomach, and my cock popped out of the child's
cunt. She moaned and let her hand feel her pussy lips and inside her young
vagina. She licked one finger and told Catherine to lick the rest.  The
little child held back a bit, but Nina insisted, and the six-year-old girl
tasted sperm for the first time in her life. It obviously didn't taste too
bad, as she licked the hand clean. 
                                                                               
    I still wanted more, and wondered if the little girl would like to try
something new. I went behind her little ass and raised it, spreading her
small legs. The dildo was still inside her anus, and I moved it a little
bit further inside her. She gasped, but it didn't hurt her. I decided to
try this child, and removed the dildo from her now fairly stretched
behind. I kissed her tiny ass cheeks and caressed her incredibly young
cunt for a while. Then I put some K-Y on my cock and lay down on my back
beside her. 
                                                                               
    Lifting her on top of me, I placed her little ass close to my stiff
cock and asked her if she would like to try to fuck. The little girl
shuddered, but nodded and said she could try. Nina crawled over to her
little sister and placed her right over my cock, spreading her legs so her
tight pussy lips parted a little. The tiny girl was now slowly lowered
down on my cock, and Nina made sure she was in the right position. Then I
felt the tiny asshole on the tip, and as Catherine was pushed down her
anus opened, allowing the head to slide inside her. Again she gasped as
she felt herself open, and she slid down until the head was well inside
her. 
                                                                               
    The little girl smiled and felt no pain from having her anus stretched
like this. So she started lowering herself onto the cock millimetre after
millimetre. I felt her tight anus gripping my cock forcefully as she moved
downwards. Occasionally she stopped, but she continued when she got used
to the stretching of her back canal. I was really surprised by how much
she could take, and she continued until she was all the way down and her
little bottom touched me. Then she stopped, resting on top of me. I asked
her if it hurt, and she said it didn't hurt at all, but that she wanted to
shit again. I couldn't believe what I saw; here I had a girl that was only
six years old, and she was actually having my cock all the way up her
butt! She looked so small where she sat riding me; there was no sign at
all of any breasts, and her pussy looked so small and childish with the
rounded vulva and closed lips. 
                                                                               
    I raised and put her on her back with my cock still inside her, to be
able to fuck her genuinely. This gave me a better view of her behind, and
my cock inside her looked extremely big compared to the tiny child.  Her
asshole was really stretched, and she was almost too narrow for me. I felt
it building up inside me again, and started to butt-fuck the little girl
under me. As I moved within her I felt her muscles gripping, and she
panted loudly with each move. Then I started moving faster, sinking deeper
and deeper into the little child for each stroke, and she moaned as she
felt her widely stretched asshole being pushed in and out. She spread her
legs wide parting her pussy lips a little, and I could see her vagina
opening, being only a few millimetres wide. She started whimpering a
little. I understood her asshole was getting sore, so I increased the
speed even more. Within seconds I was there, and then I came, shooting my
load into her behind with an intense pleasure. It was like a dream;  below
me I had a six-year-old child, and I had my cock buried deep inside her,
releasing my semen in a long lasting stream in her narrow anal opening. 
                                                                               
    Finally I stopped, and rested on top of the little girl. I could feel
her rounded hairless vulva pressing against my crotch, and I kissed her
head while I felt my cock softening in her hole. Her pressure on it was
intense, and after a little while I slowly retracted, feeling my member
slide out of the child. I lay down beside Catherine, and Nina moved up to
my side. I pulled both girls on top of me and started kissing and hugging
them. I patted their small behinds and backs, and stroked them between the
legs and felt their totally nude pussies and ass-cracks. With my arms
around the girls I felt better than ever, and we rested for a long time. 
                        
                                      
                        
                        
                        Nina - Chapter 9
                        
                                      
                                                                               
    The small girls now visited me almost every day, and they enjoyed
having their small pussies and butts licked and fondled. Nina was having
great pleasure from having her little cunt penetrated, and both girls
would spread their legs to allow me to slide into their narrow anal
openings. The six-year-old Catherine enjoyed laying on her back with her
legs wide apart while I fucked her asshole and Nina was licking her
childish pussy. 
                                                                               
    One day they asked to borrow a dildo each so they could play at home. 
The next day they really surprised me when they knocked at my door. I let
the children in and kissed them welcome, and they walked over to the
bedroom immediately. They were giggling to each other and had a strange
kind of walk. The girls lay down on their stomachs and told me to feel
between their legs. I moved my hands up their slim legs and patted their
bottoms. Neither of the girls had panties on, but they each had a dildo
inserted in their small asses! They had put them there at home and walked
over to me with their anal openings widely stretched. That made up for
their rather strange way of walking. 
                                                                               
    I lifted the skirts over their bottoms and the girls rose to the knees
with the asses pointing in the air. I gripped the dildos and fucked the
children in their assholes for a while. They both moaned and said it felt
so good to be played with like this. 
                                                                               
    "Today Catherine wants to feel something inside her pussy,"  Nina
suddenly said. "I have used my fingers inside her and she says she wants
something bigger!" I looked at the six-year-old girl and she nodded. 
    "Your pussy is still so small that it will really hurt if we try to
put something inside you there," I said, but she told me she would really
like to try anyway. 
                                                                               
    "I know I am a very small girl, but I want to do with you as Nina
does." I nodded and said we could try to use her virgin child cunt if she
really wanted that. The girls undressed and then I removed the dildo from
Catherine's asshole. 
                                                                               
    Moving over to Nina I told her to spread her legs as much as she
could. She did that and exposed her tight hairless snatch to me. I put the
dildo to her wet little cunt and said I would try do fuck both her holes
at once. She grimaced at the thought but said nothing. I fingered her
little hole for a while, then started to insert the large instrument into
the child. It entered her a little, and she started whimpering. I pressed
harder and watched the dildo sink into her young snatch next to the one
she had in her tight asshole. 
                                                                               
    "Ooooooohhhhhh - it hurts!! Careful! Oooh - it is so big inside me,
I'm too small! I'm going to split in two," the young girl cried as more
and more of the dildo was pressed into her eleven-year-old cunt. The dildo
made it all the way up into her, and stopped when she was completely
filled.  She sobbed and cried, but she didn't try to remove the dildos
from her holes.  After a while she stopped weeping, and I watched her as
she calmed down. She looked lovely where she was, laying nude on her back
with her tiny breasts pointing upwards. Her flat stomach was moving as she
breathed, and between her legs was her bald sex, with her childish cunt
lips stretched wide by the dildo.  I raised her legs and looked between
them, and I could see the tiny strip of bare flesh separating the big
instruments she had inside her. The child was now opened wider than ever,
and I asked her if she thought she could keep both dildos inside her while
I tried to fuck her little sister. Nina nodded and said she would try,
even if it hurt between her legs. 
                                                                               
    Catherine watched her sister, and I told her to move over and kiss
Nina's small breasts. She did that, and raised her little bottom in the
air. I went over to her and started kissing and licking her between her
small legs. Both girls started moaning, and I put my tongue inside
Catherine's anus that opened easily since she had had the dildo there for
quite some time. While I licked her insides I found the K-Y jelly and
lubricated the little girl's pussy opening. I inserted a finger in her,
and it slid in a bit into her very young vagina. I stopped licking her ass
and watched my finger opening the rounded pussy lips of the incredibly
small child. Her pussy gripped tightly around my finger when I moved it
slowly back and forth within her. Then I told her it would hurt, and she
nodded, being scared but ready for the next move. 
                                                                               
    I then started to insert finger number two into the child.  She
whimpered, but didn't move as I pressed the fingers about an inch into her
extremely narrow opening. Then she stopped kissing Nina and pressed her
face onto the bed. I pressed hard on her little cunt, and the two fingers
slid inside her up to the second knuckle. She screamed intensely as her
cunt hole was stretched this wide for the very first time. I kept my
fingers still and kissed her small buttocks until she calmed down.  Her
tiny, unused vagina was now squeezing my fingers in an extremely tight
grip. Then I started moving my fingers within her while I caressed her
little clitoris with the other hand. The child was bleeding from her
pussy, and it was clear that nothing had ever been inserted this far into
this kid. 
                                                                               
    Still fucking her tiny opening with the fingers, I asked her how it
felt. She turned her head, and I saw her tears flowing. She said it was
painful, but that she wanted me to continue. I couldn't believe this, the
six-year-old girl actually wanted to have her undeveloped cunt hole used,
many years before she would reach puberty and start growing into a young
lady. I then removed my fingers from her abused pussy and lay down on my
back beside her. My cock was incredibly stiff from this forbidden game
with the children, and I put K-Y on it to make it slippery. Then I pulled
Catherine on top of me and asked her if she was ready to be fucked!  She
nodded and said she was. 
                                                                               
    Nina watched us closely, her legs widely spread and her hairless pussy
and asshole filled with the dildos. Catherine was now sitting on top of
me, and her tight pussy lips were closed, making it seem impossible to put
anything into her narrow love canal. She was very tense and she was
breathing fast in fear and anticipation of the pain she knew she would
feel. Then I pulled her close to my penis and rubbed her young pussy
against it. It looked far too big for the slender child, and I didn't
believe her smooth and hairless cunt could stretch wide enough for me to
enter her. Lifting the little girl up, I placed her vagina on top of my
cock. Then I lowered her a few centimetres, and my cock slipped away. 
Nina saw this, and moved over to assist. She closed her legs, but I could
still see the dildos she had inserted in her widened openings. I lifted
Catherine again, and Nina made sure my cock pointed directly at her baby
sister's cunt. Down again with the child, and now I could see and feel her
pussy lips opening to the tip of my penis. 
                                                                               
    The six-year-old girl started breathing heavily when she could feel
her cunt being opened, and I lowered her until most of the head of the
penis was inside her. If Nina had been narrow down there, it was nothing
compared to this kid; my cock started to ache already, and Catherine
started to let out small whines of pain. I asked her if we should stop,
but between her moans she managed to say that she wanted to go on. Thus I
continued to lower her, and my cock slowly pressed into her little girl
cunt. Her whines increased and tears started running down from her eyes. 
Her vagina was opening more and more to accept my cock, and the pressure
on it was intense. When I was about an inch inside her she sobbed loudly,
but she didn't ask me to stop, and then I pressed the tiny girl down on my
cock and it sank into her virgin cunt all the way to the bottom. That made
her scream intensely in agony; the pain she felt in her little hole was
more than she had ever experienced. 
                                                                               
    My cock was now inserted in the narrowest canal ever, and although she
was completely filled she had only accepted just about half of it;  the
little girl's cunt was so small there was no way it could make room for
more. I let Catherine sit still on my stiff member, and her screams slowly
subsided, giving way to a more silent, constant sob from the child.  She
bent forward and tears ran from her eyes down to my chest making it wet. 
She lay motionless and crying on top of me with her tiny vagina for the
first time stretched almost beyond its limit by my cock that was buried
within her. Her cunt pressed tight on my penis, and it started to hurt,
being inside the tiny opening of the six-year-old girl. 
                                                                               
    We didn't move for a long time, and then Nina became impatient and
moved her face close to her little sister's behind. She wanted to comfort
Catherine and started to lick her little asshole. That made Catherine
react, and her sobbing stopped. When Nina let her tongue circle the little
girl's anus she started moaning silently, for a moment forgetting the pain
in her pussy. Nina continued her licking for a few minutes, and then I
raised Catherine to a sitting position again. With Nina probing her
sister's anal opening I watched the little girl relaxing her muscles.  I
studied her tiny body and could see her pussy lips closing tightly around
my penis that was inserted all the way up her tight hole. I saw the
completely nude, rounded vulva of the kid, and was astonished by the fact
that this naked six-year-old girl was actually being penetrated by a
full-sized penis. 
                                                                               
    I was feeling extremely horny and wanted to shoot my load into the
child. So I started moving her slowly on my cock, and when Catherine felt
the movements within her pussy she started crying silently again.  I
repeatedly lifted her up from my penis and down again, pressing it into
her extremely narrow vagina opening. For each move I pushed her hard
downwards, and when she felt the tip of the penis pushed against her
vagina bottom she let out a loud scream. I watched her tiny pussy lips
rubbing back and forth over the shaft, and for each movement they moved
down a little bit more. The young child had her vagina being stretched
more and more, and when I pressed her down her cunt could now take two
third's of its length inside it. The girl was bleeding, and my cock was
coloured slightly red from it. My climax was approaching, making me move
the child faster up and down the shaft; I could sense it building up, and
finally I pressed the girl hard towards me, feeling a tremendous release
as I filled the undeveloped cunt of the girl with a big load of semen. 
Catherine could feel her tight love canal being stretched even further,
and she screamed when she felt the sperm flowing into her abused child
vagina. The climax finally died down, and my cock slowly softened, easing
the pain the little girl felt between her legs. 
                                                                               
    I pulled the girl close to me again, and she cried softly on my chest
with my now limp penis still inside her pussy. I then pulled out of her
and put the girl down on the bed next to me. Nina crawled up on the other
side, and we both caressed and kissed the little girl until her sobbing
stopped. Then Nina asked her little sister how she felt, and Catherine
told us it had hurt so much she almost wished she hadn't done it.  Her
little pussy was throbbing and aching.  I went down on her and examined
her sex carefully. She was all red and swollen between her legs, and there
were traces of blood at her tight entrance. I kissed her hairless vulva
and hoped she'd be fine. 
                                                                               
    Then I moved over to Nina and asked her how she felt being filled by
the dildos. She said it felt good inside her now, but that she wanted me. 
I thought maybe it was possible, and started caressing her between her
legs and moving the dildos back and forth within her openings.  This
actually got me up again, so I removed the dildo in her pussy and entered
her slowly with my cock. She spread her legs and moaned. 
                                                                               
    "Oh yes, that is so good! I want you! Ooooooohhhhhh... You are so big
in my pussy, it feels so good!" I fucked the girl slowly, feeling the
extra tightness caused by the dildo she had in her asshole. She quickly
neared her climax, and suddenly she orgasmed, making her tight hairless
cunt contract rhythmically around my penis. I continued fucking her naked
fanny, and when she reached another orgasm I slammed my cock inside her
narrow hole and filled this child as well with a load of semen. I lay down
on top of her, panting heavily and trying to catch my breath as my cock
quickly softened inside her pussy.  This we had both enjoyed enormously,
and we kissed as I rolled off her and slid out of her childish cunt.  I
then removed the dildo from her anus and lay down beside the girls.  Now
both sisters had their small pussies filled with my sperm, and I felt
really relaxed when I caressed the six- and eleven-year-old girls. 
                                                                               
    After a while I went to the bathroom and filled the tub, and then I
called for the girls to have a bath. We washed each other carefully, and
paid special attention to little Catherine's pussy. She was recovering,
and now she said she was happy she had done this; she hoped the next time
would be much better. 
                                                                               
                                                                               
                        
                                       
                        Nina - Chapter 10
                        
                                    
                                                                               
    There were a few days when I didn't see the girls, and I started to
miss them.  Then one Saturday morning I could hear someone knocking at my
door. I went and opened, and was met by Nina's smiling face. 
                                                                               
    "Hi! Can we come in, please?" she said. 
                                                                               
    "Who are WE?" I answered and looked for her little sister.  Nina
turned around and whistled a tone. Then an unknown girl appeared, smiling
as well. 
                                                                               
    "This is Ellen! She is my neighbour and good friend!" Nina said. 
                                                                               
    I asked the girls to please come in, and I asked them if they had
eaten. They had, but quite some time ago, so we all sat down at the
kitchen table and had a breakfast together. I looked at Ellen, and guessed
she was twelve or maybe thirteen, being a little more developed than Nina
was. And she was beautiful!  She had long, blond hair, a cute little face
with a few freckles, and a light blue summer dress. She looked at me and
winked when she saw I was watching her. 
                                                                               
    "Isn't she cute?" Nina asked when I smiled back at Ellen. I agreed,
and said this girl was truly a gorgeous young lady. We talked for a while,
and Ellen said she had turned twelve just a month ago, and was one year
above Nina at school. Nina had told her about the games we played one
night when they were having a private slumber party and had come as far as
laying naked in the bed.  They had been close to each other, exploring the
bodies. Ellen had moved her hand between Nina's thighs, carefully touching
her little pussy. Then she had inserted a finger into the vagina, and she
was surprised that it slid easily into Nina. Nina had explained what she
had done, and that it felt very good to have a big cock inside herself
there. Ellen had thought it sounded tempting, and had asked Nina to take
her with her the next time. So here she was. 
                                                                               
    Nina asked if it was OK, and I assured her I was delighted to have
such a stunning beauty visiting me. We finished the breakfast, and went
out in the garden to stay in the sun. I brought some towels, and we lay
down on the grass next to each other, me in the middle. Knowing what Nina
was good for, I started feeling horny between the two young girls.  Then
Nina asked me if she could take her dress off and sunbathe for a while.  I
said of course she could do that, she knew that. So Nina sat up and pulled
her small dress over her head, showing us her slender body with her tiny
breasts, and a pair of white panties covering her pussy. She looked over
to Ellen, winked, and stretched out on the towel again. I also looked at
Ellen, and she looked back, a little unsure about what to do. 
                                                                               
    "Don't be shy, Ellen! Take off your dress too," Nina said.  Ellen
looked at me and flushed a little - she thought it was exciting, but a bit
frightening, too. She sat up, and slowly she started pulling her dress
from underneath her rump, displaying her perfectly shaped, slender young
girl thighs. I watched her painstaking progress, and suddenly I asked if I
should help her. That made her really blush, but after a moment she nodded
quietly. I moved behind the young girl and placed my hands at her thighs,
feeling her soft, warm skin as I slowly pulled the dress towards me.  Her
face glowed red as my hands moved over her small buttocks, revealing her
tiny bikini bottom, that barely covered anything of her. I could see her
flat stomach towering over her little mound; she seemed to have a
beautiful body, this little girl. 
                                                                               
    Pulling her dress upward, I uncovered more of her, and when I finally
got it over her head I stared dumbfounded at the goddess in front of me. 
She was slim and small, but the girl had started growing into a lady.  Her
bikini top covered two small breasts with clearly erect nipples, and she
had soft, lightly tanned skin. I put the dress down and gave her a little
kiss at her cheek. She looked shy, but smiled at me and returned a small
kiss. Then she turned over and lay flat on her stomach, while I studied
her young, wonderful body. I turned to Nina, who pointed to Ellen's bikini
top, indicating that I should remove it. I thought that could be fun, and
put my hand on Ellen's back, massaging her carefully. She sighed and said
she loved that, could I continue, please. 
                                                                               
    I massaged her for a while, then quickly opened the buckle of her top,
and the straps slid under her. She yelped in surprise, but started
giggling when she saw Nina laughing at her. Then I continued massaging the
girl, and let my hands slide down her sides, touching the base of her
small breasts. Her face was now almost dark red, but she giggled and
didn't try to stop me. I gripped her shoulder and started turning her
over. She quickly covered her breasts with her hands, but didn't struggle
against me. I smiled at her and tickled her, making her burst out in
laughter. 
                                                                               
    "Oh please don't - I'm so ticklish!" she shouted between her chuckles.
I then took her hands and slowly removed them from her small tits. She was
a really shy little girl, but she let go of her breasts without further
complaints. Her small bumps were pointed and didn't sag the slightest bit,
and she had small, dark, erect nipples pointing directly upwards. I asked
her to stop me at once if she didn't like it, and then I slid me hand
slowly across her stomach and up towards her tits.  She looked at me and
said nothing as my hand got closer and closer to her childish breasts, and
when it finally touched her left tittie she sighed silently, closing her
eyes. The little girl's breasts were firm and soft, and the nipples
stiffened more when I circled them with my fingers.  The child obviously
enjoyed it, and I bent down and gave her breast a small kiss. She moaned,
and pulled my head closer towards herself. I started licking her small
breasts and bit her nipples slightly. She was wonderfully soft, and while
I nibbled her titties she started breathing heavier. I stopped, gave her a
kiss on her mouth, and she looked up at me, smiling her lovely smile. 
                                                                               
    "Did you like it?" I asked her. 
                                                                               
    "Oh yes, it feels so good when someone sucks my titties." She paused,
then looked away from my eyes and said quietly, "but --- there is another
place..." 
                                                                               
                        
                                      
                        
                        Nina - Chapter 11
                        
                                 
                                                                               
    She didn't finish the sentence, and covered her reddish face with her
hands. I looked over at Nina who nodded, and I lifted Ellen and started
carrying her into the house. The little girl was a bit taller than Nina,
but she was slim and didn't carry much fat at all on her slender body. 
With Nina following us, I carried Ellen into the bedroom and laid her on
the bed. None of us said a word as I touched her little rump and started
pulling down her bikini bottom. Again she hid her face, but she lifted her
behind to help me undress her. When she was totally naked I bent down and
had a look between the little girl's legs. 
                                      
    She had the most lovely pussy, with a pair of blond curls just above
where her pussy lips started. Her lips were bare, and there were no hairs
growing along her little slit. I parted her legs a little, and found she
was equally bald between her legs into her ass crack, making her sex
totally visible from where I was. Her lips parted when I spread her legs,
and I could see a narrow vagina opening below a red, swollen clitoris.  I
touched her, and she was really wet.  Her pussy was slippery from her
juices, and I slid my finger carefully between her slightly parted lips. 
She groaned and pushed her pelvis forward, letting my finger slide quickly
into her pussy. She was narrow, but because of the wetness it penetrated
her quite easily until it stopped against her hymen. She was a virgin, but
I was not sure how long that would last, especially when Nina quickly
started undressing me. 
                                                                               
    I helped her, and soon I was naked and removed her panties as well. 
Feeling her hairless pussy I found she was slippery, too, and my cock
quickly swelled to its full size. I turned to Ellen again, and the child
looked anxiously at my penis, the biggest she had probably ever seen.  I
went over to her and asked her to touch it, and she tensely moved her
hands to it. Then Nina came over and showed Ellen what to do, and the
girls masturbated me until I suddenly had to stop them. I sat down beside
Ellen and asked her what she wanted to do, and she said I could do with
her whatever I wanted, she wanted to do just like Nina did. I then told
her I would like to fuck her, but that it would hurt her since she was
still a child, not yet developed for making love. She said she would like
to try, even if it hurt. So I went down on her and started licking her
child pussy. Her smell and taste were a little stronger than what Nina
had, but still it was clearly a child's scents. 
                                                                               
    I let my tongue explore her little cunt, and she moaned loudly as she
for the first time had a man eating her sex. Her clitoris was very
sensitive, and when I licked it a little extra she suddenly cried out loud
and started shaking in an intense orgasm. I continued caressing her love
button, and yelling she pressed her legs against my head, at the same time
pulling me close to her pussy. The orgasm finally subsided, and panting
heavily she slowly relaxed her muscles. 
                                                                               
    "Oooooooh, that was fantastic! I just discovered this a few weeks ago,
when Nina was playing with me," she finally said. 
                                                                               
    I looked down at her red, swollen pussy, and I wanted to try the
child. Moving on top of her, I spread her legs widely and lifted them, so
that her sex was fully exposed. I inserted a finger into her again, and
rubbed it back and forth in her narrow opening. She was so wet between her
child cunt lips that my finger was glistening with her juices. Then I put
my penis closer to her and asked her if she wanted to try real sex with
me. 
                                                                               
    "Oh, yes, I feel so good between my legs, and I want to feel something
inside me!" she answered. She breathed heavily now, and I could see her
small beautiful breasts moving as she was breathing. I opened the child's
pussy lips with my fingers and tried to enter her with my tongue first. 
It slid into her, and I licked her insides while I caressed her clitoris a
little more. Then I wanted to have the child, and put my cock close to her
narrow entrance. I pushed on a little, and the head slid into the little
girl. She was really wet, so I had no problems opening her childish
vagina, and could feel the pressure from her tight hole. 
                                                                               
    I paused and looked at her; her eyes were closed and she was grimacing
a little, but she made no sounds. Then I decided to go on, and suddenly
pushed hard on her. I felt her pussy open for the first time, and my penis
went all the way up inside the girl. Her eyes opened, and she screamed
loudly when she stretched wide to accept my cock between her legs.  I
stopped pressing when my cock touched the bottom of her love canal, but
kept it inside the girl.  Her face was all red, and tears were streaming
from her eyes as she cried from the pain within her little pussy. I didn't
move for some time, and then her cries slowly subsided, until the little
girl was weeping silently. I bent down to kiss and lick her wonderful
small breasts. I continued this for a while, and the beautiful girl
started to relax as I kissed and nibbled her small stiff nipples and soft
child breasts. I now felt Nina moving, and suddenly I could feel a small
tongue between my buttocks. I shouted to her it was marvellous, and she
started to lick and suck my balls and asshole while my cock was buried
into little Ellen and I sucked her tits. 
                                                                               
    I soon felt like coming, and stopped Nina from doing that for a while. 
Then I started moving my cock inside Ellen's tight child pussy, and she
let out small screams again when I pressed it against her abused little
cunt. Looking down at her, I could see her small childish cunt lips being
pushed in and out with my cock. Her narrow opening pressed tightly at it,
and I felt I would come any second. It rapidly built up within me, and as
my cock expanded a little extra I buried it deeper and deeper inside the
child. She screamed with each stroke, when she could feel her vagina being
stretched more and more. Then I went over the edge, and I started
releasing a large load into the child; she cried when she felt the fluid
inside her, and I felt her cunt muscles contracting around my cock, making
her feel incredibly narrow. I collapsed on top of the little girl, and I
slowly caught my breath while my cock shrunk inside her. Finally, I pulled
out of the girl, and then I moved down to examine her abused little sex. 
Her pussy opening looked red, and there was a little blood seeping from
it. I closed her legs, and then she looked just like an ordinary little
girl, with a few blond curls above her pussy lips, and the lips themselves
hairless and childishly closed. 
                                                                               
    I went up to her, kissed her and asked her how she felt. She answered
it had been very painful to have her pussy stretched like that, and that
it still hurt very much between her legs. I fondled her small breasts,
kissing her softly and telling her she would be OK after a while. The next
time would be so much better, now that her little vagina was getting used
to having a cock inside it.  She nodded and said she was glad she had done
it; now she felt like a much bigger girl. 
                                                                               
                                                                               
                        
                                     
                        Nina - Chapter 12
                        
                                     
                                                                               
    The three girls visited me often, and we all enjoyed the company of
each other and having sex.  Ellen's little pussy had very soon become
accustomed to being penetrated, and one evening we had jumped into the bed
she turned around and asked me to take her other hole. 
                                                                               
    "And do it hard, I want to feel it!" she exclaimed, wriggling her
beautiful behind in the air. As it turned out, Nina and Catherine had
initiated Ellen into the anal pleasures by licking and fingering her cute
butthole.  Ellen had insisted on having more than fingers put into her,
and she even walked around with a dildo inside her anus occasionally. 
                                                                               
    I looked down at Ellen and saw her little rosebud between her lovely
buttocks. She turned her face to me and smiled, "Please?" I reached for
the jelly but she stopped me and told me she wanted it without that. 
                                                                               
    "But that will hurt..." I insisted. 
                                                                               
    "Sure, I know that," the little girl said and smiled. I placed myself
behind her small body and touched her little hole with my dick.  She
shuddered. I pushed on a little and felt her opening. I slid in a bit and
she screamed, making me retract at once. 
                                                                               
    "No please, go on! It hurts, and I like it!" she shouted. She wanted
pain! 
                                                                               
    I wasn't sure if she meant it, but I pushed hard on her and rapidly
slid all the way into her tight little asshole. She bellowed with her
little voice as I forced my way into her and started fucking the child
forcefully. For each stroke I sank deep into her little ass, and when I
pulled back her little ring muscle followed me penis a bit. She obviously
felt the pain quite badly, tears dripping from her eyes, but she insisted
that I continue, and between her screams she said she liked it! Nina was
watching carefully, and now she asked if we could turn around. Without my
cock slipping out of her, Ellen turned on her back and raised her lovely
legs high in the air. She spread them and her pussy opened a little,
showing the tight entrance between her hairless cunt lips. I continued my
vigorous pushing into the child, and Nina took one of Ellen's small tits
between her teeth, biting the stiff nipple quite hard. Ellen screamed
again, and moaned, "Oh yes... Bite me. Fuck me... Hurt me!" 
                                                                               
    I couldn't believe what I saw and heard, but it turned me on and I
couldn't hold back any longer. Increasing the speed, I started to empty
myself inside her narrow canal, coming and coming. Ellen felt this, and
her little body shook in an enormous orgasm. It seemed to last forever,
but finally I sank down upon her, completely exhausted from the exercise. 
Ellen's eyes were closed, but she whispered that it had been fantastic,
and that she wanted more. 
                                                                               
                                                                               
                        
                                 
                        Nina - Chapter 13
                        
                                     
                                                                               
    I lay down to rest a bit, but the girls were all eager and put on a
fantastic show. Ellen was lying on her back with her legs spread wide
apart, and little Catherine climbed on top of her and lowered her tiny
bottom on top of her face. This made Ellen start licking her, and her
tongue and fingers played around with Catherine's small openings.  Nina
then placed herself on top of Ellen's stomach, and raised her own behind
so that Catherine had a view of her sister's crotch, and the smallest girl
started licking and sucking her anus. But Nina was putting on the biggest
show, as she started biting Ellen's pussy, tugging her few blond curls
with the teeth. She was pulling quite hard, and Ellen screamed and moaned
as a few of her pussy hairs came off. 
                                                                               
    Then Nina spread Ellen's legs even more, exposing her abused little
anus to herself and me. With one hand she continued pulling the few curls
down there, and her other hand searched between the legs until the fingers
touched Ellen's rear door. One finger slid in easily, then another, and
the third finger was on its way into her when Ellen shook again.  She
continued orgasming while Nina forced finger number four into the tight
asshole, and she didn't stop pushing until all the four fingers were
completely buried inside Ellen. 
                                                                               
    I was now completely stiff again from looking at the girls playing,
and I asked if Ellen wanted to be tied up! She giggled from beneath
Catherine's little rump and said she sure wanted to try. So I got some
rope, asked the sisters to let go of Ellen, and together we started tying
ropes to Ellen's slim wrists. I had two hooks in the ceiling just above
the bed, and when the ropes were fastened there Ellen was forced to stand
with her legs wide apart.  Then Ellen's legs were tied to each side of the
bed, and I found a couple of pegs that I showed her; she shuddered when
she thought of their use.  I grasped one of her tiny tits and let a peg
squeeze her red, hard nipple. She gasped when I let go of the peg and it
stayed, clipped to her little girl's breast. Another peg was fitted on the
little child, and then I found two large dildos and went down between her
lovely thighs. One dildo slid with relative ease into the little girl's
ass, but she started to panic when she felt dildo number two being pressed
into her still very tight, young cunt. I held the child tight and forced
the instrument deep into her, making her scream and cry in agony.  I
slapped her hard on her buttocks and told her to keep still - there was
more to come... 
                                                                               
    She sobbed silently when I found another pair of pegs that I tried to
fasten to her young cunt lips. Her lips were unfortunately too stretched,
so I had to give up. Then I found a shaver that I showed her. I told her I
would shave the little fur she had between her legs, and went down on her. 
She wriggled, but soon discovered there was no pardon. There was not much
to shave off her, only the curls she had just above her slit, and soon her
little cunt was as hairless as that of Catherine. I told Ellen to make
sure she was always bare down there, and she just nodded.  I stepped back
and looked at her for a while. The little queen was now so vulnerable,
completely bare between her widely spread legs, and she didn't look too
comfortable where she was standing, arms in the air, her tight holes wide
open around the large dildos, and her nipples tightly squeezed with a pair
of pegs. 
                                                                               
    "Do you want more?" I asked her, and she nodded again. What a girl..! 
So I found a paddle which I started to slap on her behind, slowly and
easily at first, but when she started moaning I increased both the speed
and force, until I slapped her helpless buttocks hard, quickly turning
them red. For each slap she cried out loud, and finally she looked like
she had had enough, heavy sobs escaping her lips. We lowered the poor girl
to the bed, and she whimpered when her sore bottom touched it.  Nina
suddenly whispered to me: "Is it OK if I pee on the bed?" Oh, why not, I
thought - it can be washed. So Nina turned Ellen on to her back, and
squatted down over her while she spread her own small pussy lips. Then she
started, and she sprayed Ellen with her pee, over her breast and up to her
face. Ellen closed her mouth and tried to avoid being sprayed directly in
her face. When Nina finished, she pushed her crotch over Ellen and asked
her to lick her clean. Ellen grimaced, but did as she was told, and licked
the few drops from Nina's hairless cunt. Catherine wanted to do it also,
and I told her to go on. She sat down directly on Ellen's face and told
the bigger girl to open her mouth and swallow her pee! Ellen shook her
head and said she wouldn't do it, but Nina grabbed her hair and held her
head still while Catherine placed her little pussy directly over and
touching the mouth and started peeing while poor Ellen was forced to
swallow the liquid. Catherine soon finished, and Nina told Ellen to lick
her clean as well. Ellen obliged, even if she looked disgusted. She kept
her tongue running back and forth in Catherine's narrow slit which was
soon nice and clean. 
                                                                               
    Catherine now left her position on top of Ellen and sat down beside
her. Ellen was crying silently, but didn't move. I looked at her and felt
really sorry for her - she was lying on her back with her sore behind
touching the bed, her legs spread. She still had the two big dildos
inserted into her narrow child openings, and the pegs were attached to the
nipples of her tiny breasts. I thought she had had enough and removed the
pegs. Her nipples were red and sore, but they were still erect, pointing
directly upwards from her small cones. I started caressing and kissing her
soft breasts, but she didn't react. Then I went down on her and examined
her 12-year-old sex. The pussy lips were taut, tightly closing around the
instrument she had inside her.  Slowly, I removed it, and her little, now
totally hairless pussy didn't close at once, leaving an empty opening
between her slim legs.  I spread her legs a little more and removed the
other dildo from her behind, which also left a hole that took some time to
close. Ellen relaxed now that all the painful devices had been removed,
and I slid up and kissed her on the mouth. She responded quickly now, and
we kissed long and deep. I could smell the pee from the other girls, but
it didn't matter much. I caressed Ellen's soft little body, and she
embraced me, in need to be comforted after her torture. She released
herself from the kiss and whispered in my ear: "Thank you. It was
wonderful what you did to me..." She was truly a masochist, and I
obviously didn't need to worry she would leave us. 
