
                                NUDE BEACH REVERIE

     It was a hot Saturday morning in July. I decided to go to the river to
cool off, lay in the sun, and swill a six- pack.  I gathered my blanket,
sun-tan oil, beer, a towel, and dressed in my cut-offs. When I arrived at the
beach, the place was nearly empty.  I stripped naked because this was one of
the few nude beaches on the river.  As I applied the oil to my chest and back,
Nicole strolled down the beach. She was gorgeous a natural blonde who was 5'7",
110 pounds, 35-23-35 figure, red-bronzed from the sun, and wearing a tiny
crocheted bikini. We knew each other from many hours spent in conversation on
the beach. She had an interesting routine.  First she would walk to the far
boundary of the nude section of the beach, go to the water, and walk back to
the center of the nude beach.  She would then disrobe, anoint herself with baby
oil, bask in the sun, and then swim for a half-an-hour.

     Nicole usually spread her towel near the water, but for some reason she
chose to spread it next to mine.  She acknowledged me and immediately shed her
bikini.  I offered her a beer and she accepted. Then she began slathering the
baby oil on her bronze skin.  I stared openly because that's what she expected.
 Her every move was geared to exciting the viewer.  She gently, languorously
spread the oil all over her body.  She paid special attention to her pussy. The
lips were slightly purplish from all the exposure to the sun and the oil beaded
on what was left of a very short pubic hair cut.  When she finished what she
could reach, she handed the oil to me and turned on her stomach.  I didn't need
a spoken request, I immediately began anointing her shoulders, back, and the
back of her legs.  When I put the bottle down she asked, "Aren't you forgetting
something?"

     I asked, "What did I forget?"

     "You forgot to get my ass.  It needs oil to keep the tan even with the
rest of me."

     I lovingly spread some oil on her ass with heavy massage.  Those globes
were so firm, the skin so taught and shiny from the oil. Before I could set the
bottle down again, she spread her legs and said, "Spread it in the crack.  I
don't want any part to be a different color."

     God!  Did I ever rush to oblige her.  I rubbed the oil around her asshole
and stroked her pussy.  Nicole began grinding against her towel, the sand
shifted from underneath her and she began sinking in the resulting pit.  She
looked up at me and asked, "Let me finish putting oil on you.  Get on your
stomach."

     I reluctantly stopped what I was doing and flipped over to my stomach.
The weight of my body on my turgid cock felt uncomfortable. Nicole poured a lot
of oil on my legs, shoulders, and back and literally kneaded the oil into my
skin.  I found the deep massage very relaxing and my raging erection subsided
as I relaxed. But relaxation was a fleeting thing.  Soon Nicole had spread my
legs and was spreading oil up and down the crack of my ass and over the
underside of my balls.  My old trouser snake jolted to life again as I felt her
fingernails scratch and tug at my scrotum.  When she turned me over, my pecker
was at full attention.  She spread more oil on my legs and torso and then came
the coup de gras.  She dripped the oil down my cock from the tip.  The oil
cascaded around the popping veins like the colors on a barber pole.  The
foreskin had long since retracted on its own and the head was a fierce
purple-red, pulsing in the gentle breeze. Nicole lightly stroked the oil in
with her fingertips.  She swirled it around my scrotum in expert motions, being
careful not to linger lest I became over-excited.  When my cock and balls were
thoroughly coated, Nicole put the oil down, stood up, and walked to the river's
edge.  She looked back over her shoulder and smiled at me as she dove in. I was
shocked.  I had been within a moot of shooting my load when she stopped and my
cock was still twitching violently.  I kept looking at her and then I noticed
that the beach had become populated.  Several groups had parked their gear
along the beach and their radios were blaring competing stations. Mothers with
naked children strolled along the beach and couples sipped beer and smoked
marijuana while chattering away.

     About five feet above my position an older fellow -- Will, a regular on
the beach -- had spread his blanket and he had two very young, trim girls with
him.  Judging by their skin, this was their first trip to the beach.  I flipped
back on my stomach to view them and chat with Will. While we were talking, he
poured glasses white wine for his girls to lower their inhibitions.  The wine
was working. The older girl strolled down the beach to the volleyball arena.
The younger -- Sophie, an eighteen-year old brunette -- got uncontrollable
giggles and decided that I needed to see everything she had to offer including
the little brown mole between her cunt and asshole.

       Sophie reached over to Will's chest and acted like she was brushing sand
from its grey hair.  Of course, the "sand" was simply brushed to his crotch and
she had to dust that, too.  Will knew a good thing when he had it, and he
deliberately trickled sand over his hardening prick.  The ever-fastidious
Sophie increased the intensity of her brushing and, before long, Will was
sporting a full-blown hard on. If I had ever wondered how a middle-aged guy
like him could attract such cute girls, my questions were answered.  He had at
least ten inches and its girth must have exceeded eight inches.

     After a few playful minutes of pubic cleaning, Will pulled Sophie to his
lap. Will was very skillful, from every other view on the beach it looked like
a couple innocently hugging.  From my vantage point, I could see the tip of his
fat cock penetrate her tight cunt.  They were very nonchalant about the matter,
and continued sipping wine and chatting while they fucked.  The only indication
of what they were doing came when Sophie let out a soft squeal as Will sunk his
cock to the hilt.  They gently, almost imperceptibly rocked back and forth
until Will started climbing toward his orgasm.  Then I saw an amazing thing,
Sophie began contracting her strong cunt muscles around that big dick.  She
picked up the pace as sweat began pouring down Will's face. Then he came
without making a noise.  I could see his cock shriveling while it was still
inside of her.  Finally, her cunt pushed it out with a soft plopping sound and
it was followed by a sizable dribbling of his cum.

     I was enthralled and envious.  I had been so close earlier, but hadn't
gotten my nut.  I felt cold water dripping on my back followed by cool, wet
skin.  Nicole stretched out fully on my back and whispered in my ear, "You need
some protection from the sun."  She chatted with Sophie and Will about the
water, sun tanning, and any number of chit chat things, all the while softly
grinding her cunt on my backbone.  It was more than my poor cock could take;
one cute girl ahead with legs spread akimbo and semen dribbling from her pink
snatch and another masturbating on my back. Will, that sly old fox, knew just
what Nicole was up to and his cock started another inflationary trend while he
watched.

     Sophie got up and went for a brief swim while we continued our discussion.
 Soon she returned with the other girl, Margie.  Margie was part Latina.  She
had black hair, deep brown eyes, and very pale skin. Her shoulders and ass were
quite pink from their first exposure to the sun.  She sat between Will and
Sophie with her legs together. Modest I suppose.  Finally, Nicole came.  My
small of my back was dripping with her lubricating juices and I was about to
cum. Nicole returned to her towel to soak up some sun.  I guess she had what
she wanted and needed some rest, but I was about to die from horniness.

     Will understood my problem, and whispered something to Sophie. She crawled
to my blanket and suggested that our sides needed tanning now, our backs had
had enough.  When I turned on my side, she snuggled into a spooning position.
Her bum was right at the tip of my cock so I decided to take a chapter from
Will's book and fuck her then and there.  I eased my cock into her tight cunt
and began a gentle, but insistent thrust to her uterus.  Sophie obliged me and
relaxed her muscles enough for me to make complete penetration.  Then she began
milking my cock with her incredible cunt muscles.  It felt like gripping waves
that went from the base of my shaft to the tip of my pecker. Slowly at first,
then picking up the pace as she hummed a few bars from the Rolling Stones'
"Satisfaction".  Within a few minutes, I erupted.  Wave after wave of my jizm
splashed against her cervix.  I bit my lip to avoid moaning out loud and
dropped my head to the blanket.  After a moment or two, I began going soft.
Those same muscles that had torn the seed from me were now expelling my
intruding cock.  When it was pushed out, Sophie turned over and began kissing
me. She nibbled gently on my lips and neck and I on hers.

     As I re-entered the real world, the sights, sounds, and smells of the real
world returned.  The beach was packed, there was a sea of beach towels and
blankets from the back of the beach to the water's edge.  Nicole looked over at
Sophie and me and asked if we would like to go to her folks' house for some
privacy.  I asked Will if he was interested and he agreed.  We collected our
things and left the beach, but the rest of the day merits a story of its own.


