                            RAndY's RumOR RaG
                              February 1992

MISCELLANEOUS
     I hear that OS/2 2.0 is having trouble running on some of
IBM's own computers.  Apparently, it won't even load on a PS/2
Model 57.  This doesn't look good, folks.
     IBM is also suggesting that vendors install OS/2 2.0 on
customers' hard drives, apparently figuring that installing 14
disks is too intimidating.  14 disks??
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     In related news of operating systems not working right, I also
hear that Digital Research has shipped an update to DR-DOS 6 but
that there are problems with that fix also.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     Here's some uplifting news: the December volume of the Netware
Support Encyclopedia carried the Stoned 3 virus on some of the
disks.  This affliction freezes your computer,  alerts you that
your computer is stoned, and recommends the legalization of
marijuana.
     The Novell people quickly shipped out virus detectors and
clean disks, but nobody knows how this happened.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     Symantec, publisher of the Norton Utilities, is getting into
the game business.  One of their Windows games is a connect-the-dot
thing but apparently it cheats and won't let you win.  I've
suspected for years that the computer was cheating on some of these
games.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     I'm not normally a fan of magazines put out by companies. 
They promote their product and tell you that theirs is the greatest
thing around.  But the newest issue of Aldus Magazine has an
excellent article on offset lithography and another great article
on paper.  The article on paper goes into great detail about the
differences between coated and non-coated stock as well as other
technicalities which determine how good your output looks.  I
believe that subscriptions are only through the purchase of Aldus
products.
     Speaking of Aldus, as I write this Aldus stock is taking a
nosedive.  Apparently there is a perception that pageMaker could
face enormous competition from a new generation of high-end word
processors.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     Look for lower 386 prices just around the corner.  Intel will
be lowering 386 prices by as much as 35% in the second quarter. 
These changes are a result of competitive chip prices and 486 and
386SL revenue.  Intel will lower 386DX-25 chips from $152 to $99
(quantity 1000) and a 386SX-20 will drop from $82.50 to $59. 
Expect a 10%-15% reduction in end users prices as a result of all
of this.
     In related news, AMD claimed it had captured 30% of the 386
market in the fourth quarter of 1991.  An AMD spokesman claimed
that Intel's planned price cuts were not a surprise and would not
affect their company.  Analysts do not feel that the price cuts
will hurt AMD's market share, but could have an effect on profit
margins.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     Adobe is working on a major upgrade to the Windows version of
Illustrator which will offer file compatibility with Mac and Next
computers.  New features include the ability to edit images in
preview mode, extended graphing capabilities, and the ability to
enter and manipulate text directly within art.  There will also be
a new version of Streamline, which converts bitmap images to
vector-based.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     Borland's stock has been taking a beating amid fears that
Quattro Pro for Windows and Paradox for Windows would not meet
anticipated first quarter shipping dates.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     Expect something new soon from Approach Software of a Windows
database that can access Paradox, dBase, and SQL files.  It's
expected to ship in March.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     Just downloaded HIMEM.SYS Version 3.03 and EMM386.EXE Version
4.41 from a BBS and noticed a substantial change in memory
allocation.  I don't know what's going on technically, but I'd
guess these are in preparation for Windows 3.1.  Anyway, when I do
a MEM/C, my free memory jumped from 317K to 322K.  After printing
out a listing from MEM/C, it looks like the EMM386.EXE program
takes up 5.1K less than before, and there is now 3.6K additional
free in my Upper Memory Blocks.  I don't know exactly what happened
or why, but I'll take it.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     GOOD NEWS - RAndY's RumOR RaG will soon be carried in its
entirety in ModemNews.  (Up until now, they only printed excerpts.) 
I talked to creator/publisher Jeff Green and he said it was one of
the most popular features and will be reproduced in full along with
a similar column for Macintosh people.  We need to talk about this
Mac stuff, Jeff.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     According to the WordPerfect Reseller Report, during the first
30 days, 369,693 copies of WordPerfect for Windows were sold. 
That's just sales, not reseller copies and not the number shipped. 
Still, that's not too bad.
     This product has some problems, though.  The display is NOT
WYSIWYG.  I've tried lining up song lyrics with the chord changes
above each line, and I always have to monkey with putting in spaces
so everything lines up right.  I like WordPerfect for Windows, but
it makes me mad that if I switch from the Windows printer driver to
the WordPerfect driver and then back to the Windows driver, the
default font is something funky - not what I want it to be and not
what it was set at before.  Also, when I switch to landscape or
actually make any change to the printer drivers, I get the dialog
box saying it's "updating printer information" and it churns away
at the hard drive for 30 seconds or so.  Please fix this stuff
soon.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     IS ANYBODY THINKING? DEPT. - can someone tell me why they ship
PC Tools on high density disks, then send the 7.1 bug-fix disks on
360K?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     I've just seen the most incredible VGA demo from the people at
UltraForce.  That's a company in the Netherlands that does superb
3D demos.  I can give you the address if you want, but this demo is
the best I've seen on a PC.  Catch it on a BBS near you.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

WINDOWS 3.1 UPDATE
     It looks like we'll be waiting until April for the
introduction of Windows 3.1.  Microsoft  shipped the "final beta
version" of the product at the beginning of January.
     This new beta version includes the final implementation of
TrueType along with the first working versions of several
multimedia extensions.
     Sources inside Microsoft say that the product will be released
on April 6 at the Windows World show in Chicago.  Following the
rollout will be a major advertising campaign, of course.
     Three new audio features are included.  Through the Windows
Control Panel, users can assign sounds to different applications
and system events.  You can select a sound to play when you start
Windows and other sounds can be application specific.  For example,
an application could play a trumpet sound whenever you encounter a
warning message.  (Don't ask me why, I just report this stuff.)
     To use these features, you'll need a sound card which conforms
to the Multimedia Personal Computer specifications.  If you don't
have one, you'll just get a beep.
     A second program called the sound recorder will allow users to
record, play, and edit sound files.  The recorder has VCR-like
control buttons and includes a "wave box" panel that displays a
graphical oscilloscope-like representation of the sound.  New
sounds can be recorded with a microphone.  Editing capabilities
include blending files, speed adjustments, playing sounds
backwards, and adding echo.
     The multimedia player program plays multimedia files including
MIDI song files and audio and video discs.  It supports both
compound and simple multimedia devices.

     Also included in this beta release were 25 TrueType fonts. 
The documentation says in part: "Play with these, have fun, but
don't count on any of them being in the final Windows 3.1 product. 
In fact, we don't promise to ship any of these fonts ever again." 
Hmmmm.....
     Starting in March, Microsoft will launch an $8 million
television advertising blitz in preparation for the release of
Windows 3.1.  The whole campaign will be aimed at upping the appeal
of Windows applications.  Look for 15-second commercials touting
Word for Windows and Excel.
     Meanwhile at NextWorld, Steve Jobs was wisecracking that
Windows NT was "just a UNIX wannabe".  And the show goes on ...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

STANDARDS FOR PORTABLES
     Microsoft, Intel, and Phoenix Technologies  have launched the
Portable Computing Initiative, an attempt to increase versatility
and battery life in portable computers.  The objectives of this
group are to load DOS and Windows into ROM chips, ROM DOS to
support Advanced Power Management, and to set standards for
portable computing.
     The initial signs of something happening is the announcement
of a ROM version of DOS 5 (called DOS 5.0a) which complies with
power management standards.  Later this year, this will be followed
by a "Lite" version of Windows for ROM, and scaled down versions of
Excel and Works for Windows.
     In related developments, Chips & Technologies will be
including its PC/Chip computer-on-a-chip in Phoenix Technologies'
Palmtop Reference which will include MS-DOS 5 in ROM card form, the
PC/Chip and LotusWorks in ROM form.  This reference set is expected
to be available to OEM developers sometime in the first quarter.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

CHIP WARS
     By the time this is published, Advanced Micro Devices is
expected to announce a line of 486 processors which will be
identical to and plug compatible with Intel's.  The release of the
chips will be staggered throughout the year, but speeds will
include 25 mhz, 33 mhz, and 50 mhz models.  Also under development
are 486SX and 486SL chips.
     Since the introduction of their 386 chip, AMD has captured 30%
of the market and generated $145 million in sales.
     The 50 mhz chip is expected to ship during the third or fourth
quarter and prices have not been released but is expected to be
competitive with Intel's.  AMD is also rumored to be considering a
33 mhz 386SX microprocessor.  Sources say that if such a chip were
marketed, quantities would be immediately available.
     In related news, Cyrix is planning to introduce its 386 and
486 lines this year including a 40 mhz 386SX, 33 mhz and 50 mhz
386DX, and a 50 mhz 486 chip.  These chips are expected to be
introduced late in the first quarter.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

NEW SOFTWARE?
     Lotus Development is thinking about moving away from its
traditional 1-2-3 spreadsheet analogy for its next generation
product.  This project has been called Walden and has been in the
planning stages for some time.
     The idea began about the same time as 1-2-3 for Windows, and
now there is really some code.  Apparently it is being written
mostly in C++ and the final product will have a customizable
interface and advanced scripting language.  Users will be able to
edit objects by calling up lists of attributes rather than
navigating through menus.
     Original plans were for a product launch (for Windows) at the
end of 1992 with Mac, UNIX, and OS/2 versions closely behind, but
at this point it is unclear if Lotus will still follow that
schedule.
     In other Lotus news, look for an upgrade to that awful
LotusWorks thing.  The new Version 3 will have a reworked
spreadsheet which is more "1-2-3-like".  The module is not 100%
Lotus compatible, but the 27 or so most common keystroke sequences
will work the same.  Also included will be better support for laser
printers, fonts, and attributes.  Some of Lotus' Impress technology
is responsible for that.
     I hear that Lotus is also working on an upgrade to Symphony,
but it's unclear if there will be a Windows version.  Who cares?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

ELECTRONIC PEOPLE
     I came across a product announcement that sounds interesting. 
Mannequin 1.1 software lets you incorporate 3-D, ergonomically-
correct human forms into CAD and graphics packages.  Mannequin
creates human-likenesses (men, women, children of different sizes,
shapes and nationalities) that can see, walk, bend, and grasp
objects.  All of this can be integrated into programs like Autodesk
3D Studio, Animator Pro, Micrografx Designer, Harvard Graphics, and
AutoCAD.  There is support for virtual memory and palette features.
     Don't get excited, I said ergonomically-correct not
anatomically-correct.  But I still think I could have some fun with
this one.  MSRP is $499.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

NEW AOL SOFTWARE
     Subscribers to America Online have new communications software
available.  If you haven't upgraded to Version 1.3 yet, just use
the keyword UPGRADE and get it ordered - it's FREE!
     They've changed several things about the software including
support for DOS 5.  That means you don't have to have SETVER trick
the program into thinking it's DOS 4.  Also, you can now run the
software from Windows in Enhanced mode with PIF and ICO files
included.  There is improved mouse support with compatibility with
more different brands.
     One of the better features is the ability to compose mail
offline.  You can write E-Mail messages before signing on and
there is also an Address Book included for keeping track of friends
on the service.  Before downloading a file, you can check a box
that will sign you off after the download is complete.  Also
included is a graphic gauge to monitor the status of your download. 
Finally, you can perform simple DOS functions such as Delete, Open,
Rename, and more without exiting the AOL program.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

SOFTWARE CHEATERS
     The Software Publishers Association recently raided Advanced
Business Microsystems in Irvine, CA finding more than $100,000 of
unauthorized software.  The president of ABM, developer of the
Platinum Series accounting package denied any wrongdoing.  But
witnesses have alleged that company officials instructed employees
to make and use illegal copies.  The company can now either settle
with the SPA or go to court.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

INTEL NEWS
     Intel Corporation is planning to unleash at least 30 new 386
and 486 chips on us this year.  By the end of the year, the number
will be over 40 as compared to the present 9 offerings.  Many of
the new chips will be 486 derivatives for portable and notebook
computers.
     Expect to see low power 486-based versions of the 386SL chip
which includes built-in peripheral chips and power management
features.  Included in this roundup are a 3.3-volt 386SL, 3.3-volt
486SX, and a 3.3-volt 486-class version of the SL processors in a
range of clock speeds.  Also under development for release this
year are 66 mhz, 16 mhz, and 20 mhz versions of the 486DX as well
as a 33 mhz 486SX.  And rumors have been abounding about
development of "clock doubler" or "speed doubling" chips which will
operate normally externally, but double the clock speed internally. 
These will be available in two packages - one for computer makers
building systems and the other for resellers who sell and upgrade
486SX computers that have an empty CPU upgrade socket.  These
"doubler" chips are pin-compatible with existing Intel 486 chips
and let owners upgrade their performance by just plugging in a
chip.
     Many vendors fear that such a wide choice will only spark
confusion in buyers.  People are already confused about the 486SX
and a wider choice will make things more difficult for people on
both sides of the counter.
     Most significant to be excluded from this plethora of chips is
the P5 or 586 which is still expected to ship this year.  The
expectation is that you won't see too many 586 machines until
around Christmas.  (The P5 will contain 3 million transistors and
offer performance in the area of 100 million instructions per
second.)
     Mysteriously there was no word on increasing the performance
of the 386SX or 386DX chips.  I wonder why?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

FILE EXPRESS 5.1
     Following on the heels of a major overhaul to File Express,
Expressware has just released File Express 5.1.  I haven't gotten
my hands on it yet, but should be able to do a complete review next
month.  In the meantime, here are some highlights concerning what's
new and what's changed.
     Pressing CTRL-D when viewing a record will dial through your
modem using the contents of the field you're on.  File locking can
be turned off in the setup program.  (Everyone I know has had
problems with being locked out of a database and it's frustrating
to have it happen all the time.)
     You will have more Quick Scan fields (20) and Quick Scan, Find
Records, and Add Records will be integrated.  You can Search for a
record in Quick Scan, jump to the full screen record display mode,
and continue searching a d displaying records easily.
     You can define and save up to 9 different Quick Scan layouts
and Search criteria.  There are new printer drivers, faster screen
displays, selective indexes and smart indexes.  Automatic field
spacing for labels has returned (YEAH!).
     Just looking at the changes, it looks good. I hope the bugs
have been worked out.  Hope to let you know more next month.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
                =================================

                               DISCLAIMER
     RAndY's RumOR RaG is published on a monthly basis by AINSWORTH
COMPUTER SERVICES and is available on various BBS's, GEnie, and
America Online as well as in Modem News.
     In case anyone cares, RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on a DTK
386-33 with 16 megs of memory, Cyrix Fasmath co-processor, ATI VGA
Wonder+ card (1 MB), 105 MB Toshiba IDE hard drive, Teac 1.2 MB,
360K, and 1.44 MB floppies, Sceptre VGA display, Microsoft mouse,
WordPerfect for Windows and transmitted through a US Robotics HST
Dual Standard modem.
     Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Comments should
be addressed to Ainsworth Computer Services on GEnie.

     AINSWORTH COMPUTER SERVICES
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (206) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG

Aberdeen - Home of Nirvana (I know they suck, but just had to throw
it in.)
