                               Taking it Off-Line
                                 By: Huggybunny

He was sitting at the computer, concentrating on the activity online.  She
approached from behind, and put her arms around his shoulders, leaned her
breasts into his back, and nuzzled his ear.  He leaned into her, and lost his
stream of thought on the conversation online.  She kissed the top of his head,
then the back of his neck.

"Let's go to bed, honey," she whispered huskily.

A few quick keystrokes and he was logged off.  She shut off the light and led
him into the dimly lit bedroom.  The bed looked inviting, and he sat on the
edge.  She stood in front of him, one of his legs between hers, and rested
lightly on his knee with her warm femaleness.  He began to already feel a
stirring, but he knew that she wasn't was going to make his satisfaction come
too soon, nor would he hers.

She unbuttoned his shirt collar, and leaned forward, kissing him in the hollow
of the neck, and letting her fingers trail onto his chest. Putting his arms
around her, he pulled her closer and kissed her eyelids, her hair, all around
her mouth.  She sucked his lower lip into her mouth and gently nibbled at it,
as her hands pushed his chest a bit away from her, just enough to unbutton a
few more shirt buttons.  She wrapped her arms around him beneath the shirt and
rubbed her fingers lightly on his bare back.  She felt a bit of a shiver from
him as her adjusted to the almost tickling sensation.  Quickly, her thrust her
arms upward and yanked the shirt unexpectedly out of his pants.

Her hands moved to the belt, and he continued attempting to suck her tongue
into his mouth, while she fumbled with the buckle.  From experience, he knew
that the fumble was all part of the tease, and he loved feeling her fingers
fluttering at his fly, exciting him even more. He knew she loved seeing that
first thrust of his hard penis against the fabric of his shorts once she freed
him from the belt and zipper, and at the same time, he longed for her hot and
moist crotch against him.  He ran his hands down her tush, and pulled her
toward him with both hands, but she resisted, still working on his zipper.

At last she managed to slide it downward.  His penis burst forth from the
constriction of his pants and pushed against the soft fabric of his shorts. She
moved her hands down over the stiff cock and he took in a breath quickly.  His
hands gripped her ass, and began to work at pulling her dress up over her ample
rear.

She had on his favorite dress, the black silk one, and he imagined that he
could feel the soft lacy half slip and matching camisole, but he wasn't
absolutely sure.  She was a woman of many surprises, and her imagination was
limitless.  She raised herself up a bit, still balancing on his knee, and
allowed the dress to slide up.

"Omigod," he intoned to himself.  She didn't have on the slip and he couldn't
feel the bottom of the camisole, either.  He suspected that she had on some as
yet unseen article to delight him.

She leaned backward, and let him shrug off the shirt.  Then she dropped to the
floor and untied his shoes, pulled them off, rolled his socks down and off. 
She caressed his arches, tickled the tops of his feet lightly, and dropped a
small kiss on the instep of each foot.  Running her hands up his calves, she
pulled forward lightly, and urged him to stand.  As he arose, his pants slid to
the floor and were tossed aside. Then she rose, and in one swift motion lifted
her arms and allowed him to slip the dress up and over her head.  The cloth
moving over her hair made it even further mussed it, and made it wilder and
sexier than usual.

But her hair was not what he was concentrating on.  No, definitely not her
hair.  The removal of the dress revealed a one-piece garment, not unlike what
he would picture Scarlet O'Hara as having worn.  True, it was black and that's
not exactly what he would picture the southern belle in, but close enough.  It
cinched in her waist and emphasized her already hourglass and substantial
figure.  At the top, her breasts were half-bare, and the nipples peeked out
over a tiny edge of pink lace.  He rested his hands lightly at her waist and
noticed her red-blonde hair peeking out at him from below.  This garment,
whatever it was, ended just below the hip and there were garters descending
down her legs (black and pink garters, no less!) and hooking into sheer black
stockings.  How could he have not guessed that something like this was waiting
under that much-loved but demure dress, he wondered.

His hands forced her to turn around, and the back of the undergarment revealed
that that was just as bare.  Her rounded rear protruded invitingly and he
smoothed his hands over the cheeks.  He teasingly ran a finger up between her
cleft and felt her tense under his touch.  He turned her back around, pulling
her close, and ruling her with his cool touch.  She melted against him.

She could feel the protrusion of his penis pushing against her, and she
realized that he was still wearing his cotton undershorts.  She ran her hands
around his back and eased them inside the waistband, sliding them down, and
over his ass.  For just a moment they stood locked that way.  Then she began
pulling his underwear off, revealing his hairy tush, and backing just far
enough away from him to lift the shorts over his hard cock, and let the
underwear fall to the floor, forgotten beneath them.

He moved backwards and again sat on the edge of the bed.  He pulled her toward
him, his hands still caressing her rear, and buried his face in the cleft of
her breasts, nuzzling and licking and nibbling.  Her fingers were running
through the back of his hair, lightly tickling his scalp and sending shivers
down his spine, as she widened the angle between her legs and allowed his
fingers to glide over her warm, moist fragrant slit.

One of his hands trailed down the back of her thigh, playing around the top of
stocking and finally finding the garter.  He unhooked it, and then repeated the
action on the other side.  As sexy as this garment was, he knew that the body
underneath, with the expanse of soft pink-white skin was even more sensuous. 
Slowly he released her, never breaking the rhythm of his caresses, and slid his
hand down her leg, reaching her ankle.  He stretched the leg out, resting the
small foot gently on his crotch.  The black stockinged toes wiggled against his
balls, and he admired the view of her balanced there, one leg up and touching
him most privately, her pink pussy open to him, the pose causing her breasts to
be thrust forward and her ass appear almost totally rounded.  He slid his hand
back up the leg, and unhooked the front garter, allowing himself the luxury of
a brush of his fingers across her opening before he released that leg to the
floor, and replaced it with her other.  He almost gave in to the urge to bury
his face in her downy privates, but instead continued to remove her stocking.

This time however, he did not release her foot to the floor. He slid the silky
nylon down her leg and let the motion of her toes and the fabric being swished
over his scrotum to excite him further, as he explored the possibilities of how
the black and pink bustier was to be removed.  Finally, he discovered a pink
ribbon at the center front that looked like it could be untied, and putting her
foot back to the floor, leaned forward and concentrated on this puzzle.  His
large hands fumbled with the tiny ribbon but managed to untie it, and then free
the laces down the front of the garment.  Eventually, the garment was loosened 
enough to allow it to slide off with his help, and she stepped out of it,
leaving the small pile of black and pink lace on the floor.

He cupped a breast in each hand, and brushed his thumbs across her nipples.
She thrust herself toward him, and began kissing his neck, his chin, his
mouth.  Together, the rolled onto the bed, facing each other and side by side,
kissing and fondling, his fingers tracing circles around her breasts and her
hands pulling him toward her by his hips.  A subtle shift and she was atop him,
straddling his chest with her knees, her moist crotch resting warmly on him.
She dangled her breasts in his face, teasing him with the milky softness and
the erect pink nipples.  She brushed his lips with the nipples and leaned
forward, burying his face between her breasts, feeling his hot breath on her,
and letting his hands guide a nipple into his mouth.  His tongue flicked across
the nipple, and gently he began sucking, as she rocked forward on her hips to
match the rhythm of his mouth on her throbbing nipple.  She could feel almost a
line running straight downward from her nipple to her clit and longed to feel
his mouth or his hand or his penis touching her there too, as she rubbed
herself against his chest.

His hands urged her aside, and now she was on the bottom, with his face on her
tummy and his hands beneath her hips.  His penis brushed her chin, and she
touched her tongue to it as he ran his mouth down her belly, parted her legs
with his hands, and tasted her.  His tongue flicked over her clit, and she felt
the urge to moan, but his cock was filling her mouth, so she licked and sucked
and reached for his balls with her hands.

She could feel his hands working her hips higher, pulling them into her face,
and then a finger dipping into her vagina from behind.  He toyed there, moving
the finger in circles inside her, then in and out.  All the time, his tongue
and lips continued to work on her throbbing bud, and she felt the tension
beginning to build.  The finger left her vagina, and slid southward, finding
her anus and teasing, touching, tickling there until the tightness relaxed and
the finger, moist with her own juices, slid inside.  She took a breath quickly,
and felt the fullness, the thrusting, his mouth, his fingers...and knew that
soon all inhibitions would release and she would come.

But no...the rhythm changed and she almost cried with the disappointment.  He
pulled back, and turned around, resting her ankles on his shoulders and
spreading her legs wide as he entered her.  The sudden fullness made her gasp
with delight, and he let her legs support him as he plunged forward, letting
his penis stay inside her for a second as she tightened the muscles inside to
clutch at his organ.  He knew she loved this, what she called her "rocking
chair" as they moved back and forth together, watching each others faces,
bodies hot and slick and melting into one.

But now it was her turn.  She stopped the motion, and her realized that now the
tables were turned.  She wanted him in her mouth, the explosion coming where
she could feel it all, and he accommodated her by pulling out and rolling onto
his back.  She leaned over him, on her knees and at his side, her rounded ass
toward him, her legs slightly separated.  She took his penis in her mouth,
touching his balls lightly with one hand and balancing on the other.  He raised
his hand to her bottom and smacked it with his open palm once lightly.  The
sudden shock made her take his cock more deeply, and she moaned as she felt her
power over him with her tongue, her teeth grazing his foreskin ever so gently
on the out-thrust.

Her rear presented such an inviting picture, and he slid a finger lightly into
her ass, another into her vagina.  Silently, she thanked her lucky stars that
she'd found a man with big, agile hands.  The finger in her ass moved
circularly, and the finger in her pussy moved in and out.  His thumb brushed
her clit and she began to moan, even as she felt his balls tightening.  The
rhythm began to build, his two fingers and his thumb moving at the same pace as
her tongue and lips and fingers on his balls.  Both of them were beyond the
point of return and her hips thrust in time to his hands.  His pelvis rose and
fell, helping her mouth along.  A moan began, whether from him or her neither
was certain, and was joined by a cry from the other.

Her clit was throbbing and she felt the tingle all the way to her breasts as
she rubbed them across his thigh.  She pressed downward, pushing herself into
his hands, and tonguing his cock more frantically.  She knew that only seconds
were left, if that, and then she felt his penis begin pumping.

As her own orgasm crested and washed over her, the waves of motion and emotion
taking her, she tasted his semen in her mouth, felt it splatting against her
palate.  Everything became a blur of sensations, pleasurable tastes, touches,
sounds, smells, sights--all blending into a wonderful moment of total abandon
of inhibition.  She let herself ride the crest, and dimly knew he was doing the
same.

And then she relaxed, let his now flaccid penis fall aside. She dropped from
her knees to stretch out, still facing opposite him, on the bed.  She became
aware of the heavy breathing and the slick bodies and the musky scents and
rested, as he did the same.  A few minutes later, she twisted around and
righted herself, putting her head on the pillow next to his.

She kissed him on the ear lightly, and grinned at his satisfied and sleepy
smile.  She whispered  "My love, I never ever expected to meet someone like you
online.  And taking it off-line was surely the bonus of a lifetime."  And then
she snuggled up next to him and fell into a light sleep, knowing that a similar
scene would be enacted again in a few hours, as they savored their limited time
together.
