Standard disclaimer: This story contains adult language and 
explicit sexual situations and is NOT intended for minors.  
If you are a minor or offended by material of a sexual 
nature, do not continue reading.  
 
By Cindy.  Comments to CynTil8Ing@aol.com

============================================================ 

A Slippery Vacation

I look over at you and smile,  a bit nervously, as the plane 
begins taxiing down the runway.  I'm still always a bit 
scared when I fly, even though I do it all the time.  I 
twist the emerald ring I always wear around and around on my 
right ring finger. You take my hand in yours and smile back, 
and I know everything is going to be fine.  In fact, I know 
everything is going to be wonderful.  We're on our way to 
Cancun, the perfect spot to chase away these cold weather 
blues. 
 
Three hours later, we leave the taxi and walk into the 
hotel.  I barely notice our surroundings.  You've been 
teasing and touching me for the entire flight and during the 
endless taxi ride.  I've already had two wonderful, but 
painfully quiet orgasms, but I can't wait to get you alone 
in the room.  By the way your pants are fitting you right 
now, I'm sure you feel the same.  We nod and smile as the 
desk clerk explains the endless list of the hotel's 
wonderful amenities, then scurry outside to our villa. 
 
We quickly close the door behind us, drop the luggage, and 
lunge into each other's arms.  Within seconds, clothes fall 
to the floor.  Before either of us realizes it, we're naked 
on the bed, held tightly in each other's arms.  Finally, as 
I pause for a breath, some semblance of thought takes over 
and I say, "Wait a minute....we're at the beach....we can't 
forget our suntan oil."  And I jump up and head over to my 
suitcase.  Clothes fly in every direction as I search.  With 
a triumphant smile, I pull out a bottle of vegetable oil and 
a plastic paint drop cloth, and walk slowly over to the bed, 
an evil little smile on my lips.  "Here," I say, tossing you 
the plastic, "Spread this out on the bed.  I'll be right 
back."  I disappear into the bathroom. 
 
Exiting the bathroom, I smile as I look at you lying on your 
back on top of the drop cloth.  "Turn over and relax, close 
your eyes," I command as I walk toward the bed.  You comply, 
and I admire your body for a moment or two.  I climb onto 
the bed and straddle your hips, wiggling around a bit to get 
comfortable.  I pour the warmed oil into my hands, lots of 
it, feeling it sliding between my fingers, dripping down my 
forearms, all the way to my elbows.  I place my slippery 
hands on your back, coating your shoulders.  Again, I pour 
into my hands and work my way down your back, over your ass, 
and all the way down your legs.  I again pause to admire 
your now glistening body, shining in the sunlight streaming 
through the sheer-covered windows. 
 
"Turn over," I again command.  We both start to giggle as 
you try, and slide right back onto your stomach.  You had no 
idea just how much oil I had used.  Your feet trying without 
success to grip the now oily plastic to get yourself turned 
over.  Finally, between the two of us, we get you turned 
over, and I begin the same process on your front, starting 
at your chest, down across your stomach, hips, and thighs, 
all the way to your feet.  "Mmmm," I giggle as I finish, 
"you definitely look tasty all basted up like that.  Ok, my 
turn."  I flip over and lie down on my stomach.  I try to 
hand you the bottle but it slips out of my hands, some of it 
pouring into a puddle in the middle of the bed.   
 
Quickly getting into the spirit of the adventure, you waste 
no time pouring the oil into your hands, but pour it 
directly on me, rubbing it a bit to spread it around,  but 
with no hope at all of rubbing all of it into my skin.  I 
jump as I feel the first drops hit me, then moan as I feel 
your strong hands start across my shoulders, then down my 
back, toward my ass.  You finish my back and tell me to turn 
over.  I have even more trouble than you did.  After all, 
the big puddle in the middle has spread everywhere.  It's 
almost hopeless.  Finally, after many tries, I slide onto my 
back, my body almost entirely coated just by my heroic 
efforts to get turned over.  You quickly finish the front of 
my body, pausing only to give my breasts a little extra oil 
and attention.  The bottle of oil is almost gone and you 
place it on the nightstand next to the bed, slipping only 
once or twice in the process. 
 
I roll next to you, pressing the entire length of my body to 
yours, my hands gliding over your chest.  Your hand finds my 
waist, running lightly down over the front of my hip, to the 
very sensitive place where my leg comes into my body.  I 
shiver as your fingertips glide all the way down that line 
until they reach my inner thigh.  Back up your fingers 
glide, two fingers, one on either side of my pussy, a look 
of surprise crossing your face as you feel the smooth, 
shaved skin glide under your fingers. 
 
You struggle to sit up, spread my legs, and look down.  
"Mmmm, how pretty!  When did you do this?"  
 
"You didn't think it took me so long in the bathroom just to 
warm up the oil, did you?" I smiled back.  "Your turn is 
next, later, after we finish our um, baking.  But first, I 
think you need a closer view." 
 
I push you back down and once again struggle to climb on top 
of you, again straddling your hips.  This time though, I 
face away from you.  My hands kneed your thighs for a few 
seconds.  I switch to a light touch of just my fingertips as 
I glide them up and over your balls, then underneath, 
searching for that spot that makes you moan when I touch it.  
The growl deep in your throat, and the upward thrust of your 
hips, tells me that I have indeed found it.  I trace light 
circles as your hands glide all over my ass, your thumb 
slipping up and down my crack. 
 
I begin to rock, back and forth against your stomach, each 
backward movement moving me an inch or two up your body.  My 
clit is so swollen, it feels unbelievable as I glide back 
and forth across the hair on your chest, my own juices now 
combining with the oil to make it even more slippery.  
Meanwhile, my fingers have found your cock, so hard it's 
twitching in its desire to be touched.  I slide two fingers 
all the way from its base to the tip, a drop of pre-cum 
leaks from the top, and waits there, begging to be tasted.  
I lean over and touch it to the very tip of my tongue.  
Enjoying the taste, I lean over further, taking the entire 
head in my mouth, as my fingers again run base to tip, 
hoping to get another taste.  I continue to rock back and 
forth against your chest. 
 
You moan again, then say, "You know, you promised me a 
closer look.  While the view is quite stunning, I think a 
bit closer might be in order." 
 
I lift each leg over your shoulders, falling against you 
only once.  I turn to watch your eyes close as I lower 
myself onto your waiting mouth.  I turn my attention back to 
the now almost purple monster waiting for me.  I slide you 
into and out of my mouth, the oil and my saliva combining to 
make wonderful smacking sounds as your hips lift in time 
with my strokes. 
 
Meanwhile, your tongue dances back and forth from my clit 
backwards.  I moan, my sounds muffled by your cock in my 
throat, as you lap firmly just outside the hole, finding 
that spot that is almost as sensitive as my clit.  I 
continue to rock my hips slightly, showing you the slow 
rhythm I like the best.  My thighs tighten around your ears, 
and it occurs to me that you probably can't breathe, but as 
I slide even more of your cock down my throat, my thought is 
that we'll pass out together from lack of oxygen.  And as 
good as it feels, I don't think either of us will mind. 
 
Your muffled moans and thrusts tell me that you're getting 
close, so I raise myself off of your mouth, turning to smile 
at your glistening face, and begin my little rock and slide 
motion back down your body.  By the time my clit is moving 
against your belly button, I know I'm not going to make it 
all the way back down before I cum.  I lift and lower myself 
onto your cock, my finger pressing against my clit.  
Immediately, I feel the waves of warmth start to wash over 
me. 
 
Your hands grab my waist firmly, and your hips lift, 
impaling me on your cock.  Oh god, I feel the contractions 
start, even though I have yet to move.  I continue stoking 
my clit, lightly, in wide slow, slippery circles as the 
orgasm washes over me, the walls of my pussy contracting in 
time with my circles.  Since I'm not moving at all, I'm sure 
you too can feel every contraction, and your moan tells me 
for sure.  Finally, it ends, my body unfreezes and I begin 
to glide back and forth, not really full long strokes, just 
short little back-and-forth and side-to-side movements.  
This little bit of stimulation is driving you crazy, and I 
can tell you want nothing more than to bury your cock all 
the way in me, and fuck the hell out of me until you can't 
fuck me anymore. 
 
I climb off you and lie down on my stomach, spreading my 
legs just a bit, and grinning at you.  You straddle my legs, 
and slip inside me, squeezing my legs together with your 
thighs.  This position brings your cock almost right into my 
most sensitive internal spot and I sigh in pleasure.  As 
your strokes lengthen and become more powerful, my entire 
body slides up and down the bed.  It slides so much that you 
slip out once or twice.  We settle into a rhythm of shorter 
strokes, but still hard enough that I'm sliding back and 
forth a bit.  My nipples harden deliciously as they slip and 
slide against the plastic. 
 
Your breathing changes as you get closer to exploding.  Your 
arms weaken and you almost fall against me, your weight 
pressing against me.  Your slippery body slides back and 
forth against mine as I slide back and forth against the 
bed. The sensation is overwhelming and I hear the almost 
animal-like growl, deep in your chest.  It rips it's way out 
of your throat in a strangled 'Ahhhhhhhrrrrrrrggggg' as you 
start to cum.  It seems to go on forever, your thighs 
tightening around my hips.  I feel as if I'm caught in a 
vice, a vice from which I never want to be freed. 
 
Slowly, we disentangle ourselves, ending up sharing a soft 
kiss as I lean over you.  Finally, after a few moments, I 
giggle, "Now, the *really* fun part.  Let's go wash all this 
off in the shower."   


============================================================  

If you enjoyed this story, you can read others, written by me and some
of my friends at http://members.aol.com/cyntil8ing


