Kurt went back to his room and couldn't sleep for 2 hours thinking of Mike's 
smell and the feel of his dick inside him, which left a pleasant soreness as a 
reminder. He drew out his huge cock and jerked off thinking of Mike inside him.
In the morning he wrote a short note, self conscious of his English, but 
knowing he had to write something.

Dear Mike,
Last night was fantastic. I think of you often. I can't sleep for wanting you 
and hope you feel something for me and like me a little at least. Sincerely, 
Kurt

When Mike read the note, just before he went to breakfast, it made him glow 
inside and the colors around him seemed more intense. Suddenly being in the 
Olympics was something to be savored and no matter how he did in the 
competition, he'd have the pleasant memory of Kurt. He thought he'd better keep
his head and concentrate on the figure competition, but without missing out on 
the excitement of just being there. People who'd drawn numbers before him were 
completing their first figure and Mike laced his skates carefully, thinking of 
every element of the backchange loop he had to skate as his first figure. When 
he got on the ice, he looked at the sparse audience, some of whom were 
spectators who couldn't get tickets to the free skating, and had to settle for 
watching people trace figure eights. Mike would have felt a little sympathy for
them ordinarily, but his mind was on the back change loop figure only.

Mike thought of Kurt for a second, and took a deep breath before stepping on 
the ice. He didn't have anything to lose really, he was "just one of the 
skaters people don't notice," he kept telling himself. The first figure was 
skated and he knew it was good by the look on his coaches face. It was ranked 
7th out of the 22 skaters and coach Pudesco was beaming as if Mike had already 
won a gold medal. The next two figures were more characteristic and pulled his 
overall score back to 12th place, but he couldn't help feeling overjoyed that 
there were 10 skaters behind him. His forte was free skating and the short 
program was the next day, and if skated well, would surely position him in the 
top ten. Walking down a dank hallway toward the locker room, Mike felt a hand 
touch his shoulder and looked over to find Kurt at his side. Kurt put both his 
arms in a bear hug around Mike and lifted him up off his feet saying "way to 
go!" "Put me down you animal," Mike said laughing. Arms around each other's 
shoulders, they headed down the hall together.

At lunch in the dining hall, they found a corner table with some Russian 
cross-country skiers who didn't speak any English or care about meeting them. 
"I got your note" Mike began slowly, as he watched a look of anxious 
anticipation come over Kurt's face, "and want to thank you" he continued, as he
put his hand under the table and pet Kurt's inner thigh causing Kurt to smile 
at first but then frown as he realized he was getting a voluminous erection. 
Kurt grabbed the hand and said "stop that, or I'm going to make the table go 
up, you know with my dick." Mike laughed and thought of the table rising toward
the ceiling. In the raucous clatter of the dining hall, they talked about their
families and childhoods. Mike was surprised that Kurt had grown up as an only 
child, and not surrounded by friends, but still alone, like he'd been in Lake 
Placid.

Back in Kurt's room, Mike sat on his lap and they kissed affectionately as he 
eyed a clock on the table for a moment. Mike had practice in a short while and 
Kurt had his first race that evening, the first of three. Both wanting to 
conserve energy, they stopped feeling each other's bodies and just looked into 
one another's eyes, satiating an emotional thirst they'd both suffered from. 
Mike broke the silence with, "what's it like having such a huge cock?, as he 
placed his hand on Kurt's growing crotch. "Ha, I don't know, it has always been
with me...what's it like having such blue eyes?" Kurt countered, touching 
Mike's cheek bone and mimicking the same tone of voice Mike used in his 
question. Mike noticed his eyes in the mirror and although he liked their blue 
color, he saw nothing special in them. However, other people, even passers by, 
often found them startlingly blue and some even thought he had a special power 
to see things, like a seer might.

"For speed skating, my dick is no good," Kurt began, wrinkling his brow and 
reflecting on it for a moment as if it were a serious philosophical question, 
"it is like a suitcase I have to carry between my legs and it not helps me to 
skate. I think all the best speed skaters carry small baggage," he added. Kurt 
had often felt insecure about himself because some men would look at his crotch
before they would look at his face. On the street, he wore pants that were 
baggy so people would not stare. For speed skating, he found all forms of 
athletic support to create a cramping feeling and early on he discovered the 
only solution was to wear nothing at all under his tights, although even that 
was not completely comfortable. So it showed more -- he knew he was envied and 
it's no different than a girl with big tits --
sometimes there's not much you can do to hide.

Kurt's first race, the 500 meter, was not his best event and he finished in 7th
place which was 2 places higher than he expected since the American seated 
above him fell, having had to cope with news of his sister's death earlier in 
the day. Dan Jensen's family tragedy helped Kurt's place standing. Kurt's best 
event was yet to come and he knew he had a remote chance at a medal, he just 
didn't want to think about it too much, there were many factors. He wanted Mike
to be there and since it was 3 hours before he had to skate his short program 
in figure skating, Mike agreed to come.

"Kurt looks so hot in his green skating tights" Mike thought as he watched Kurt
nervously waiting for his race to begin. He was one of the last to skate and 
but when the gun sounded, he exploded off the starting line, a little out of 
control at first. Mike felt as though he were inside Kurt again, as much as he 
did the night before, only this time he was skating for him. When he crossed 
the finish line his time flashed on the board and he'd won the bronze medal. 
Kurt was ecstatic and enthusiastically extending his hand to skaters who wanted
to shake it. The Austrian coach was in tears since it had been several years 
since Austria had won any medals in speed skating. Too far away from Kurt to 
get down near him quickly, Mike was stuck up in the stands while the last few 
skaters finished the race. At the medal ceremony, the silver medal winning East
German looked sad in contrast to the smiling Kurt, who looked like he'd just 
won five gold medals instead of a bronze. The medal ceremony wasn't shown on 
American TV, since an American didn't win a medal, and it took some fancy 
camera work for Kirk's dick not to dominate the screen. Kurt was looking for 
Mike in the audience and finally their eyes met, Mike biting his lip with 
excitement and joy for Kurt, and partly in anxiety -- his short program was 
only a few hours away.

Many European newscasters and journalists were very much interested in 
interviewing Kurt, and Mike had to fight his way through the throng to shake 
his hand. A German reporter asked Kurt a question and Mike slipped away to head
for dinner, so he would have energy to skate the evening's short program. He 
met Nelson in the dining hall and told him about Kurt's bronze medal. Halfway 
through his meal of turkey tetrazini on toast points, Kurt came swaggering in, 
accompanied by a few Austrian and German speed skaters who were basking in his 
limelight, hoping some good fortune would rub off on them. Winning the bronze 
medal puts an athlete in the statistics books but it doesn't mean any riches in
product endorsements. Many skaters wouldn't be happy with anything less than 
gold. "Where did you go?" Kurt asked Mike when he finally located him. Mike 
explained that he didn't think Kurt would get away for hours with all the fans 
mobbing him. Kurt grabbed Mike's arm and lead him into the bathroom, where he 
turned and put his arms around his neck, kissing him without regard for anyone 
lurking in a toilet stall. "I love you Mike" he said without hesitation. "Oh 
come on Kirk, Mike said holding himself back for a moment, wanting to believe 
he meant it, "that's just the bronze medal in you talking" "no, No, no, nein, 
it isn't, Kurt said convincingly, "I love you and I want to have your baby" he 
said as he grabbed Mike's crotch. They both howled as the sound of their 
laughter ricocheted off the tile walls. They returned to the table happy, 
looking like they'd both won the Olympics.

In contrast to the simplicity and excitement of the race for gold in the speed 
skating oval, the atmosphere in the Saddledome was thick with tension for the 
men's short program. Brian Orifiz hadn't kept skating for 4 years, since his 
second place finish in the last Olympics, only come in second again. He kept 
pacing back and forth, walkman playing his therapeutic distraction music. 
Boichaser had the lead after figures and everyone who had seen his sensational 
short program in the U.S. Nationals knew he could conceivably do it again and 
cause the final long program to be a heated face-off. The focus was heavily on 
the two Brians and Mike and other skaters felt relief that they didn't have the
extra pressure of publicity and expectations.

Mike was the 4th skater of the evening, as he skated to the center of the ice, 
feeling unreal at the wave of applause that greeted him, mostly from Americans 
who considered him one of theirs even though he represented Venezuela, knowing 
that he grew up in the U.S. The sound of Ravel's Daphnis and Chloe Suite No. 2 
filled the arena as Mike closed his eyes and concentrated on the sequence 
leading to his first jump combination. His turns felt smooth on the newly 
cleaned pristine ice that had not been chewed up by skaters before him. His 
triple jump combination made the audience gasp as he threw the second jump way 
into the air and seemed to hang in space for a few seconds before landing. 
However, a triple Loop is only of moderate difficulty in the array of skating 
tricks and unless he jumped ten feet off the ice, it would never compare with 
the triple Axels of the top skaters. While entering one of his camel spins, the
audience held its breath as he stumbled by catching a toe rake in the ice, but 
recovered sufficiently to execute the spin well. A high death drop and it was 
over. Waiting for his marks, he stood in front of a TV camera and as the first 
set came up, all hovering in the 5.0 range for technical merit, the audience 
booed. When the artistic impression scores flashed on the board, the audience's
reaction quickly changed as he received all 5.7s for artistic impression, 
except for the American judge who gave him a 5.6. Mike felt like jumping up and
down when the high artistic scores were displayed but instead tried to smile in
an acceptable way for the millions who might be watching on television, if it 
were being shown live. As he was leaving the arena on his way to the dressing 
room, Coach Pudesco's arm around his shoulder, Mike could hear Dick Button's 
voice mumbling in the background as another skater was ready to begin his 
program. JoJo Starcluck, pair skater from back in the early 70's, stop to 
congratulate him on his way down the hall, and told him perkily, "and you made 
live ABC coverage Mike!"

An hour later, in the final group, Boichaser and Orifiz came out and skated 
spectacular routines to remain neck and neck going into the long program the 
following evening. Mike was 8th in the short program which brought him up to 
10th place overall.

"I wish it was over," Mike told Kurt when they reached his room after the 
competition, "I'd be happy to finish in 10th place overall" he thought as he 
sighed and thought how glad he was not to be one of the Brians. "When are we 
going to have a chance to sleep together?" Mike asked Kurt in a plaintive tone 
not expecting an answer. He knew that it would all be over for both of them 
tomorrow night and they could start enjoying the Olympics and each other. Mike 
walked Kurt out the door just as Nelson was coming in to go to bed.

Nelson's regular breathing during sleep soothed Mike as he listened to it, 
still wide awake at 2 a.m. He couldn't get the idea of doing a quadruple jump 
out of his mind. No skater had ever landed one cleanly in competition, although
Boichaser had tried in the past, and he was known for doing them easily in 
practice. Only one skater in the competition was attempting one, a Canadian boy
who was not in the running for a medal therefore had nothing to risk. In 
practice a few weeks before, Mike had landed his first and only quadruple, a 
quadruple toe-loop, and he thought of the furor that it would cause, if he, a 
nobody in 10th place, landed one in the Olympic finals. After deciding to talk 
it over with coach Pudesco in the morning, Mike finally turned over and went to
sleep.

"Sure, if you want to try it, go ahead, why not, but only if you feel you can 
do it" Pudesco said, scratching his head in delighted amazement that his black 
sheep Venezuelan might rise to the occasion and go down in skating history. 
Pudesco knew better than to try to hold a bucking stallion by the reins and so 
far, Mike had already done better than his highest expectations. Mike did not 
try the quad in practice that afternoon saying that it might make him change 
his mind, and after all, he didn't want to injure himself trying something new 
in practice. He hurried off to watch Kurt's final race. Kurt placed 12th in his
last race, but was happy. His times were good, and he had a bronze medal. Only 
a small proportion of Olympic competitors go home with any medal.

"Well Liebchen," Kurt said to Mike before going to his seat in the athlete's 
section of the arena, "I love you baby, and I'll wait for you by this door over
here" Kurt said pointing to an exit door. Mike was on his own now, this long 
program would be his last hurdle. There were 2 groups of six skaters that went 
before him and he wanted to watch a few of the first skaters, just to get a 
feel of the full arena. Kurt brushed past Dorothy Hambone on his way to his 
seat and she leaned over and said in a low voice "Is it as big as they say?" 
Kurt looked at her and whispered "you will never know" as she broke out in good
natured laughter as he continued to his seat.

Backstage, the minutes dragged by for Mike as he started to think about his 
mother, and how he wished she were alive to be there to see him skate. Being 
gay, or being straight -- it wouldn't have mattered to her. She would have 
loved him as he is no matter what his sexual preference. Since green was her 
favorite color and she said it always looked good against his creamy brown 
skin, Mike wore green in all competitions. He thought about his costume, and 
smiled as he thought of Kurt in his green speedskating tights, which of course,
was the Austrian uniform in speedskating for the Olympics.

The long program competition in progress, Mike went into the locker room and 
started getting prepared in a ritualistic manner. First taking his clothes off,
he put on his special supportive underwear, green in color, so they wouldn't 
show through his green pants. The dark green silk shirt fit his body loosely, 
although it was held in by high waisted pants which showed off his long legs 
and beautiful ass. He fastened the straps of his pants underneath his skates 
and headed out for the warm up, which was to begin in fifteen minutes. The 
skaters ranked from 6th place to 10th, on the basis of the combined score from 
figures and short program, were ready to take to the ice for their warm up. 
Mike had drawn numbers and he was second to skate, right after George Canby, 
the Canadian skater who would be attempting a quadruple toe-loop jump. Coach 
Pudesco arranged to tell Mike whether Canby had completed the jump successfully
by giving him a hand signal as Mike came out to enter the ice. If Canby had 
made it, Mike didn't want to risk it. But if Canby blew it...

George Canby did not complete the rotations of his quadruple toe loop and the 
rest of his program, which included a bad fall, threatened to lower him from 
6th place. Also in the next to the last group with Mike were two Americans, 
Paul Whileaway and Christopher Blowman, both excellent skaters, but it was 
Mike's turn now. An exchanged glance with Coach Pudesco, his palm turned toward
the ice showed Mike that Mark had not completed his quad toe-loop. The audience
roared as Mike skated to the center of the ice, waiting for his music to start.
Kurt swallowed hard as Mike's name was being announced over the loud speaker, 
as Dorothy Hambone looked over at him and smiled, feeling delighted that she 
knew a secret, that Kurt was there to watch Nelson. It was written in every 
tense line of Kurt's face. A trumpet fanfare heralded the wide serpentine 
sequence of turns which led to Mike's first jump sequence, a triple-toe loop 
followed immediately by another triple toe-loop.

Dick Button had watched Mike do his triple toe-loop, triple toe-
loop combination in practice and was announcing it to the audience, "you know 
Jim, this Venezuelan boy has a lot of style, but his technique is just not up 
to par with the top skaters...he will be opening with the same jump combination
Debbie Tumors opens with in her long program and let's see how he does it." 
"Just imagine what Venezuela thinks of this young man, how proud they must be 
Dick" Jim said, reading from his script of mindless chatter.

Mike felt an enormous tension building in his legs as he made the turn from 
forward to backward in his approach curve for his first triple toe loop. The 
curve felt just right, fast, and he decided right there that if the landing on 
his first triple was okay, he'd throw himself into a quadruple with all his 
strength. Toe pick pole vaulting him neatly into the air for his first triple, 
Dick Button murmured "nice" into the microphone and then with a burst of 
energy, in attempt to get all the height necessary to complete all 4 rotations 
of the quadruple toe-loop, Mike threw himself high into the air, pulling in his
arms swiftly, and landed on one foot after completing all four rotations, the 
first person to do so in any competition. As he landed he knew he'd done it 
because the sound of his music had been replaced by a deafening roar coming 
from the audience. Like a tidal wave, he rode the sound into his next sequence 
which was a comparatively pedestrian double Axel followed by a flying camel 
spin. Dick Button stammered and stuttered for a few seconds until he realized 
fully what he'd just seen. "I don't believe it" he said to the live viewers at 
home, "this boy has just done something no one has ever accomplished, a 
quadruple toe-loop, and I didn't even know it was in his program!" "Not only 
did he do a quadruple toe-loop, he did it in the exquisitely difficult 
combination out of a triple toe loop...It was simply divine and totally unheard
of, I mean never seen before...just gorgeous..." Dick continued, violating his 
self imposed taboo on using words like "divine" and "exquisite" in his 
commentary. Jim Macaw chimed in with an idiotic "but what does this mean Dick, 
does he have a chance for a medal?" As Dick was explaining that no, even 
perfect marks could not pull a person from 10th place into 3rd, unless the top 
skater did "very poorly, very poorly" Dick repeated as Jim said "very poorly" 
like a parrot in training.

Finally, after a minute into his program the din began to settle down and Mike 
found his place with the music. Several fans were still on their feet and 
Dorothy Hambone was clapping her hands and saying over and over to her husband,
"I don't believe it, I just don't believe it!" Kurt felt a surge of excitement,
brought on largely by the audience who was making more noise than anything he'd
ever expected at a figure skating event, and realized that Mike had done 
something extraordinary in his opening jump. People around him were saying the 
word "quadruple" and Kurt realized that Mike must have done the first one ever.

Going into a triple flip jump, Mike became twisted in the air and fell off his 
landing edge, skidding on his ass toward the barrier. The audience "ooohed" in 
sympathy but he got up in one smooth motion, and after just making history in 
his triple-
quadruple combination, he almost didn't notice he fell. Another slip caused him
to double out of a triple Salchow and a minute later he did the same with a 
triple Loop. "This will effect his score" Dick said, still very excited about 
the quadruple, "but who cares about scores when you are headed for the history 
books." "I'll say" Jim chimed in, picking up on Dick's uncontained excitement. 
Mike ended his program with a well-
centered scratch spin and the audience was on its feet. Taking several bows to 
the tremendous ovation, there was a delay before the next competitor could get 
on the ice, Christopher Blowman. Before leaving the ice, while taking his bows 
to a tremendous ovation, Mike held both his arms in the air and looked up to 
where Kurt was sitting and said to himself out loud, "I did it, I did it." 

Mike's scores were high enough to pull him into 5th place. After Brian 
Boichaser accepted his gold medal, he skated to the side of the ice where Mike 
was standing, and raised Mike's arm for everyone to see. Boichaser was quite a 
sportsman to relinquish part of his moment of deserved glory to an unknown 
Venezuelan competitor. In the news for the next few days, film clips of the 2 
Brians would be followed by 10 seconds of Mike Velez performing the first 
quadruple jump in competition. "Mike Velez, the dual national Venezuelan who 
came out of nowhere to capture the spirit of these Olympic games" the announcer
said, happy to have a sunny story to report.

Mike had to push through the crowd to get to the door where he knew Kurt was 
waiting. Finally he got up to him, through many people. "Look, I'll meet you 
back in my room, in an hour or so, when this is all over." Most of the 
reporters were gathered around Brian Boichaser but the people from the foreign 
press, as well as members of the skating world who couldn't get close to 
Boichaser, came up to get a look at Mike, and to congratulate him. It seemed 
like a dream and Mike, all of a sudden, wanted to be alone for a few minutes. 
He thought of his mother and what this would have meant to her.

Students back at Potsdam were planning a Michael Velez day while Mike's father 
was receiving calls from people he didn't know, asking for interviews. He 
hadn't even been watching the TV, as Mike suspected, but under the 
circumstances, realizing that his faggot son was a hero, he rose to the 
occasion and pretended that he had been following Mike's skating 
enthusiastically all along. Several people watching at the bar in Lake Placid, 
were surprised to hear that Joe Velez even had a son, let alone that he was now
an Olympic record holder.

Nelson fell during his first downhill run and was almost happy he didn't have 
to finish with a time that was much slower than other competitors. He was 
anxious to get back to Aspen where his father had promised him he'd buy him a 
new sports car, no matter how he finished.

Spot lights glare on an empty patch of ice as Kurt emerges in a pair of white 
tights, a pack of white poodles scampering along at his heels. He circles the 
10 barrels that are placed in the center of the ice as the music builds 
dramatically. The poodles try to keep up with him but keep slipping. They take 
short cuts through the center, much to the audience's amusement. Then as Kurt 
takes his leap over the barrels, the poodles jump on top of them and hop from 
barrel to barrel to meet their trainer who is waiting to make his entrance 
behind the curtain. Trainer and dogs come out and the dogs perform a precision 
routine where they jump through hoops and over each other, and through the 
hollow barrels. A large hoop is set a flame and hung over the barrels as Kurt 
skates out again, lights lowered this time, spotlights causing the sequins on 
his black costume to glitter. A drum roll begins and Kurt jumps over the 
barrels and through the hoop, his three minutes of skating completed for the 
night, done for the salary of $35,000 a year.

Festive island music fills the arena as forty skaters come on in feathered 
South Seas-via-Hollywood costumes, shaking and dancing across the ice to the 
rhythm of jungle drums. A pirate appears and scares away the merry-making 
islanders, but soon he's challenged by Errol Flynn in the form of Mike Velez. 
After an extended sword fighting sequence, both men skating and skidding around
the ice, Mike runs his opponent through at a climactic moment and skates a 
dynamic victor's solo as the islanders gyrate joyously in the background. The 
number has been carefully planned to bring the audience to a fever pitch for 
Mike's arrival, and when he skates, the audience swoons. Mike finishes his 
number to thunderous applause and heads for his dressing room to change into 
another costume for his final number of the evening.

The South American tour of Holiday on Ice netted twice as much money compared 
with the previous year, all because of Mike Velez. He took his already 
excellent style and turned it into something blatantly sexual. His acting 
ability to play macho roles to the hilt, rare in most male skaters, exuded a 
sexuality that drove audiences wild.

"We've got to talk about this" Mike turned to Kurt, who was peeling off his 
eyeliner, his part in the show finished for the evening. Kurt's contract for a 
solo act was not renewed for the following year since he refused to go to one 
of the European divisions and perform his barrel jumping act there, without 
Mike. The show offered Mike a raise of a hundred thousand dollars, making his 
yearly salary three hundred thousand, if he'd stay on for a second year and 
repeat the South American tour, where he was most popular. Mike didn't want to 
see Kurt return to Innsbruck, and he knew Kurt was getting a tired of barrel 
jumping. He wanted to find the words to tell Kurt that he wanted him to stay 
with him on the tour. "It's all because of you Kurt, that I had the guts to try
a quad in the first place," Mike said. "You know," he continued, "if I hadn't 
done that one jump, I probably wouldn't have been noticed by anyone and if I'd 
gotten in a show at all, I would have been at the bottom of the barrel, making 
what Gina makes, twenty-two a year." Kurt sat listening, nodding his head, 
hoping to hear what he wanted to hear. Mike said in a matter of fact tone, 
"even for the three hundred thousand Kirk baby, I can't do it without you 
here." Kurt let his breath out in relief. "Okay then, I'll stay," he said.

During their second year in South America with Holiday on Ice, Mike was still a
popular figure with the crowds that came to see the show, and many came 
specifically to see Mike Velez, one of their own, in the show. Kurt was happy, 
using his free time to read about the culture of the various South American 
cities through which they travelled. Even the dogs, now poodling their way 
around in a European tour, were happy, because they never liked sharing their 
act with Kurt in the first place. Mike and Kurt left the show a year later and 
bought a house together in Santa Fe, New Mexico, where they started a bicycle 
business.

THE END
