Archive-name: 3plus/orgyfant.txt
Archive-author: Willing Lover
Archive-title: Hot Orgy, The


    It was a heck of an orgy.  I was in The Palace Club, a swinging spot that
was modeled after Plato's in NY.  The Palace offered some interesting diversions
within its walls, and quite often it was crowded, especially on Saturday nites.
    This was one such crowded night.  The Palace takes up two floors, the
ground floor and a basement floor.  Entering on the ground floor, you enter a
lounge that looks much like a small bar.  Except that some people are walking
about, dressed only in towels.  Newcomers are still dressed in street clothes,
and some have paid the entry fee just to come in and gawk.
    Once past the front lounge, you enter a larger lounge, complete with a bar
who's business is mostly fruit juices, water, and other light refreshments.
Most people are still in their clothes, not having made it to the locker room
off to the right.  In front, there is a raised stage, with tables scattered
around.  The "dance floor" has been taken over by tables, reserved for resting
party-goers, most of them still nude or wrapped in towels.  After undressing
in the locker room, you have your choice of where to go.  Back to the lounge
and catch an amatuer show (which can be very hot), or off to one of the group
rooms, the pool, or a specialty room.  The group rooms are smaller rooms with
matresses for groups, private or public.  They are various sizes and if you
want a private one, you can charge it to your fee (based on the number on your
wrist or ankle band).
    By far, some of the most popular rooms are the specialty rooms.  These are
in the basement.  There are three B&D rooms, with smaller "private" B&D rooms
nearby.  There's the S&M room with two smaller ones, the "rubber" room, for
those interested in the wetter aspects, complete with four full size bathtubs.
One of the most interesting aspects is that there are showers scattered around
the building, and each will hold at least four people.  It isn't unusual to
walk down any hallway and see a man or woman dressed in bondage equipment or
to see something like a woman leading her man by his cock.

    As I said, the Palace is a good place for orgies.  I'll skip the require-
ments for getting in, except to say that you need a clean test report from your
doctor, dated within a week.
    This Saturday, my wife and I had gone to the Palace, after getting young
Lisa to babysit our 18 month old.  We had arrived earlier in the evening, and
now I was heading towards the bar in the second lounge.  I needed a break as
much as a glass of OJ.  I'd just come in from the pool, after helping a man
fuck his wife.  She'd wanted a fuck-sandwich, so I pumped her pussy while he
filled her butt.  She was a very sweet gal named Diane, and we'd all enjoyed
it.  My wife was off somewhere, getting her thrills, which we'd share later
tonight after we returned home.  The OJ was good, and I watched the show on
stage.  A pair of girls were 69'ing each other while two guys pumped them.
These were not pros, but average guests, showing off for the crowd. People were
clapping and making approving noises as the foursome switched around into a
variety of positions.  The men announced their orgasms and came inside their
ladies, and the girls continued to lick and suck each other's pussies for a
while.  The men sat back and watched.  When they were done, the foursome stood
and held hands, bowing to the audience.  They were glistening with sweat from
the hot lights, and their exertions.  The girls' faces were shiny with love
juices, making their smiles even sexier.
    I was going to wander into the back, near the group rooms, to see if I
could find someone I knew, or someone new.  As I passed a naked young lady who
was sitting on a sofa in the lounge, she put her hand on my thigh and stopped
me.  Without a word she took my semi-hard cock in her mouth and began to suck
it.  Sitting next to her was her husband, fucking a big-titted woman of about
forty.  The gal sucking my cock was rubbing the older woman's clit as she and
her husband fucked.  On stage, several people were setting up for another show.
All around us, people were entering, leaving, or talking.  Some were slowly
masturbating themselves or their partners.  At one table, a woman was stroking
her partner's cock under the table, while fingering the pussy to her right,
and carrying on a conversation with a woman across from her.
    The gal sucking me was doing a great job, obviously having her fun with
my shaft.  She would suck it down her throat, then lick the underside and even
lick my balls.  She slid up the shaft and held the head in her mouth, swirling
her tounge around it and flicking the sensitive head and area just below. Then
down her throat again.  She did this with unabashed enthusiasm, as if to show
me that she really loved to suck cock.
    On stage, a lovely young redhead came out and sat down on a thick carpet,
spreading her legs to the audience.  She began to masturbate, and after a few
moments, five men walked on stage and stood around her.  The men began to
masturbate, offering her their cocks one at a time.  The redhead liked to suck
too, and she took a huge cock down to the base, making the audience applaud
quietly.
    The gal sucking me had me aroused and near orgasm, and watching the stage
show, I felt a surging deep inside.  I looked down and the gal was sloppily
licking my shaft with her tounge, and rubbing it all over her face.  She sucked
the head and then looked up at me, mouthing the words "come in my face".  I
couldn't hold back.  She had the head in her mouth, just as my sperm gushed out
and began spurting.  Waves of pleasure spurt from my cock, and she let the hot
gooey cum splash on her mouth, cheeks, and chin.  When I looked down at her,
her face was streaked with white cum, some dripping off her chin onto her ample
tits.  She silently said "thank you" and I watched as she moved around and
kissed the woman fucking her husband, smearing sperm against her lips.
    I walked over to the bar again, to relax, and returned to watching the
show on stage.  The redhead was still sucking as each man jacked off next to
her.  The man to the right pressed his cock against her cheek and shot his load
of thick cum.  The girl turned and sucked the head, sperm dripping from her
face onto her left tit and shoulder.  The audience made some low 'ahhs' and
then a man moved around and spurted his cum several feet onto the girl's creamy
white tits.  They all started to cum quickly, and seconds later, the redhead's
face and tits were drenched in hot, thick sperm.  The men helped her up, and
they bowed as the audience applauded wildly.  The redhead couldn't keep her
fingers from her cunt.  She stepped down off the stage and into the audience.
She walked over to a table where a pretty brunette was sitting with several
other people and said something to her.  The brunette, wearing a white towel,
had been fingering herself during the show (I'd noticed).  The redhead pulled
the towel away and then pulled the brunette to her feet.  They kissed, and
the brunette went wild.  She began rubbing her face and body against that of
the redhead's and licking her drenched tits.  One of the men at the table
lifted the redhead onto the table, and the brunette followed, rubbing her tits
against the redhead's.  The men at the table took opposite ends and began to
fuck the redhead's cunt and mouth.  The brunette and redhead shared the cocks
and in short order, both men came, with the rest of the audience applauding
and cheering them.  One man came all over the brunette's pussy, while the other
came in her face.  The girls licked each other's faces and finally got up, with
the cheers of the audience.
    The bartender told me that he'd been backstage before the redhead had gone
on, and that she was acting out her fantasy. To wit: to have lots of people see
her get covered in cum, then have sex with another girl.  He said that she was
fairly new here, and that her name was Kathleen, or Kat.
    Two young girls came up to me, and we talked a little. Neither of these
two girls could have been much over nineteen or twenty at best.  Both were clad
only in towels, making my nakedness and swelling cock obvious.  We finally went
to one of the larger rooms.  Both the girls were brunettes, and one had shaved
her pussy.  We entered a group room that was fairly empty, save for two couples
at the far end.  I began to suck one girl's tits as the other sucked my cock,
saying that she could taste some cum still around the head.  She wasted no time
in sliding her cunt onto my cock and riding me.  The other girl, Patti, sat on
my face, letting me taste her freshly showered cunt.  I was under them both
for a while, letting Patti get my face nice and juicy, when they switched. Now
Patti rode my cock, while her friend Debbie got tounged.  Debbie came very fast
and her juices flowed down my cheeks.  Then, she stood up and grabbed Patti's
head, shoving it between her legs.  From behind, I watched Debbie's nice ass
clench and shake as Patti sucked her pussy.  I grabbed Patti's hips and slammed
my cock into her over and over.  Sperm rushed out of my cock and into Patti's
cunt, and I could feel her cumming too.   Debbie pushed Patti back, and bent
down, pulling my cock out and sucking the sperm from her friend's cunt with
loud moaning noises.
    The girls were doing each other wildly, and I layed back and watched. Some
other people came into the room and began their own party.  One of the girls
from the far side of the room crawled over and began sucking one of the new-
comer's pussies while the two guys she'd left double-teamed the remaining girl.
    After watching for a little longer, I decided to try and find my wife. I
was fairly sure that she was in a room with another woman at least, and maybe
even another couple.  As I entered the hallway, I almost ran into the redhead
who'd been on stage.  She was even wetter with sperm and girl-cum, and even
her hair was wet.  I told her she was incredibly hot.
    "Thanks." She smiled. "My name's Kat."
    I introduced myself, and we walked downstairs towards one of the larger
shower rooms.  As we walked, the sperm on her tits ran down her stomach and
made her look completely drenched.  I asked her if her fantasy had been fun to
perform.
    "Yes!" Kat said, her eyes shining. "Especially Michelle afterwards!"  I
found out that Michelle was the brunette at the table.  Michelle and Kat had
gone to another group room, and every guy came on them both, then they would
find the bi-ladies and lick their pussies.  "I'm just about to call it a night.
How about you?"
    I told her I was looking for my wife, and that perhaps we could buy her a
drink, or dinner afterwards.  Kat asked if my wife was bi, and I told her yes.
Kat agreed to a drink or dinner, saying that she would like to have some
"swinging" friends outside the club.
    Just as we entered the hallway on the bottom floor, we saw a tall, dark
haired woman enter the hallway, wearing high black boots, elbow length leather
gloves, and nothing else.  She had a petite blonde with her, walking on her
knees into the hallway.  The blonde was nude, save for a collar, and wide wrist
cuffs.  The blonde was tied with her hands behind her, and a leather strap ran
between her legs from her cuffs to her collar.  As we approached, the blonde's
face glistened wetly, and her long hair was tousled.  I recognized the tall
mistress, as Mistress Karen, from our previous visits.  I let my hand slide
down Kat's ass, and I found her entrance as we still walked.  She wriggled her
butt and my fingers slid into her sopping pussy.  I called out to Mistres Karen
and introduced Kat.
    Kat told her that she looked sexy, and that she (Kat) had always wanted to
try a little B&D to see what it was about.  Karen looked at me and then my cock.
    "Well, have you been pumping cunts tonight?" She asked, then looked at Kat.
"Or maybe cumming a lot on a redhead?"
    "Oh! That's not his cum." Kat said. "This is from about eight guys tonite,
and a few girls."
    "Hmmm. You look like a sexy little slut." Karen said, eyeing her red bush.
    Kat's pussy contracted around my fingers, and she pushed back a bit too.
The blonde was kneeling and listening to all of this.  "Have you forgotten your
manners?" Karen asked me and then nodded to the blonde.
    "Oh! Yes.  Kat, this is my wife -- Tracy.  Tracy, meet Kat."
    Kat looked down at Tracy, and Tracy looked up at Kat, noticing my fingers
deep in the redhead's cunt.
    "I want to suck your pussy pleeeeezze!" Tracy begged.  Karen had obviously
brought her to a high state of arousal (again), and now she wanted release. Kat
stepped away, grabbing my hand and holding to Tracy's mouth.  "Taste" Kat said.
Tracy licked my fingers off, sucking each one greedily.
    Karen watched, then began her speciality.  "You want to suck this sperm
covered slut's cunt?" She asked Tracy.  Tracy's moaned a yes. We went into a
small unoccupied room.  "Lick the cum off her tits." Karen commanded Tracy.
Tracy stood up and began licking sperm from Kat's tits, lapping like a kitten.
Karen stood next to me, stroking my cock as I stroked her clit and pussy. Karen
had large tits, the kind that sag a bit, and I fondled one while we watched
the two girls.
    "Yess." Kat moaned. "Suck my tits. Lick the cum from the nipples."
    Tracy did, and Kat pressed Tracy's face against her sperm covered chest
rubbing her tits on Tracy's face.  "Eat her cunt." Karen said after I slipped
two fingers in her soaked pussy.  Tracy knelt and began sucking Kat's dripping
cunt, with both of them finally laying on the floor about a minute later.  As
we watched, Karen and I both got hotter and hotter.  I moved behind her and
slid my cock in her cunt and began to slowly fuck her as we knelt and watched.
After a few minutes, I whispered an idea to Karen, and she chuckled, nodding
her head.
    "Enough!" Karen snapped. "Tracy, lay down on your back." Karen re-tied her
hands, this time to her feet with long leather straps.  Tracy's legs were wide
open and bent about halfway.
    "Now, I want you to fuck Kat, half-standing." Karen told me. Karen moved
us into position.  Kat, standing over Tracy's chest, bent over and put her
hands on either side of Tracy's hips.  Then I slid my cock into her wide open
cunt and began to pump.  Tracy had a good view of me fucking this hot redhead's
twat.  Karen moved Kat so that her face was inches from my wife's blonde cunt,
and Kat's tits barely touched Tracy's stomach.
    "Now," Karen said, "pump your hot cum into her cunt. Fill her full of cum!"
    I began to fuck Kat, feeling her soaking cunt drip as I stroked in and out
of her.  Her hips were slippery from all the cum that had run down her body,
and we rocked against each other roughly. Then Karen ordered Tracy to urge us
on, to tell us what she wanted to see, because Tracy wouldn't get her pussy
sucked until after Kat and I had both cum.
    "Fuck her." Tracy said, knowing that this wasn't enough.
    "You can do better than that." Karen said, pulling on one of Tracy's large
dark nipples.
    "Fuck her cunt. Let me see you cum in her cunt!" Tracy said.
    "C'mon slut!" Karen said, still pulling a nipple, "I've heard you do better
than that.  Get nasty!"
    Tracy did, and she got us all very hot. "Fuck that sperm covered slut! Fuck
her wet cunt. Cum in her cunt and make her suck my clit and cum in her face. I
want to cum on her sperm covered face!"
    Karen was pulling Tracy's nipples now, and talking dirty too. "You like to
watch your husband fuck little sperm covered sluts?  You like sucking his cum
from slut's cunts don't you?  I'll bet you're his cum-drenched slut at home. I
bet you love his cum on your face and tits don't you?"
    Kat's tightening pussy and the dirty talk got me off.  I moaned and rammed
deep into Kat's cunt, filling her with my cum. No sooner than we'd finished,
than Karen pulled me out, and made Kat kneel over Tracy's face.  My still hot
cum ran down her thighs and dripped from her cunt, right into Tracy's mouth and
face.  Kat sat down on Tracy's lapping tounge, and began to cum again.  Karen
pulled me away and sucked my soft cock while we watched.  Kat bent down and she
began to suck Tracy's cunt, sucking her clit hard.
    Tracy always came hard, and now, fully aroused and begging for release,
she was out of control.  Tracy arched up, grinding her cunt against Kat's face,
and then writhing underneath the sperm drenched redhead.  Kat too was pushing
her cunt against Tracy's face, and the two of them moaned and thrashed.
    Karen had sucked me to hardness again, and I told her that I'd just about
had my limit. While the two girls sucked each others cunts, Karen mounted me,
and began a slow fuck.  We watched Kat and Tracy, redhead and blonde, give each
other multiple orgasms.  Kat was sucking cunt like she was starved for it, and
Tracy was trying to keep her face in Kat's gyrating crotch.
    Karen raised up and then lowered herself onto my cock, letting me penetrate
her asshole.  As we fucked, Tracy saw that I was fucking her Mistress's ass.
    "Butt-fuck her!" Tracy yelled. "Fill her butt full of cum!"
    Karen's tight asshole gripped my cock nicely, and I let her set the pace
for now.  Kat untied Tracy, and they were getting off again.  Karen seemed to
be more excited by their actions than by being fucked.  I began to ram up and
meet her downward moves, drawing a small gasp from Karen.  As we began to move
faster, her tight ass milked at my cock, making me feel that I could come again.
Tracy and Kat crawled over, Kat licking at Karen's wide open and dripping cunt.
It was Tracy who stood, sweaty and glistening from the cum off Kat's body, and
she grabbed Karen by the hair and pulled her face to the steamy blonde cunt.
    "Suck my clit you butt-fucking dyke slut!" Tracy said as she shoved Karen's
face between her legs. "Suck my cunt you leather loving lez.  I'm gonna make
you lick sperm from our cunts, and fuck your butt with a huge dildo!"
    I could feel Karen's orgasm start, her asshole twitching as Kat licked her
clit and Tracy's words took us all higher.  As soon as the first orgasm stopped,
Kat made her come again.  Then Kat and Tracy switched off, and Karen did lick
some of the sperm and cum from Kat's face and tits.  She also sucked any that
Tracy had left in Kat's twat, licking the redhead's cunt until she came.
    Finally, I told Kat and Tracy to each take one of Karen's big tits and to
rub their pussy juices all over them.  They did, and Karen was moaning, her
fourth orgasm making her ass twitch and pulse.  That sent a signal to my balls
and I could feel my cock swelling in her butt.  Karen grabbed Kat's ass and she
buried her face in the redish bush, sucking and moaning.  Seconds later I was
pumping her butt full of cum.  My cum spurted in her butt, and Tracy's fingers
slid deep into Karen's cunt.
    "I felt it!" Tracy said gleefully. "I felt you cum in her butt!"
    Karen shook and moaned into Kat's pussy, then she leaned back and relaxed.
We all did.  Kat, Tracy and I took showers together, and Karen found another
girl who wanted to lick the girl's juices from her breasts.
    After our shower, we all decided it was time to go home, and Kat, Tracy
and I returned to our house.

    At home, Lisa, our babysitter who was 18, was paid and I took her home,
a drive of only about three blocks.  We'd met Lisa's mother, a very attractive
woman in her late thirties, at the Palace, but Lisa didn't know where we had
met her mom, nor that we went to the Palace too.
    Arriving back home, I checked the baby, and then went to the bedroom. Kat
and Tracy were already naked and slowly caressing and kissing each other. They
asked me to join them, but I was fucked out.  Kat crawled down the bed and she
sucked me into hardness, saying that at least I could fuck them all night now!
    I told them I had to rest, and left them to 'play' for a while.  I went
into the kitchen and put some decaf coffee on.  I was now wearing only a robe,
and the warmth of the house felt good.  I was pouring a cup of coffee when a
small noise made me look around.  I listened, then heard Tracy's soft moans from
the bedroom.  As I walked into the bedroom, Tracy was sitting on Kat's face,
clenching her tits and cumming.  A movement by the glass door to the back yard
caught my attention, and I dashed out through another room, and around the side
of the house.  I ran smack into Lisa, knocking her down.
    "What the hell?" I said, looking at Lisa panting on the ground.
    Lisa was looking at me too, but her eyes were fixed on my open robe and
my cock hanging down.  "What are you doing here?" I asked her, closing my robe.
    "I-I...I mean...I.." was all she could muster.
    "Spit it out." I said, leading her back towards the kitchen door.
    "I was curious." She said meekly. "I sorta knew you were swingers, and you
brought someone home."  She went on to tell me how she had snuck out of her
mother's house and jogged down here, wearing only a t-shirt and a pair of nylon
shorts with her sneakers.  Inside the kitchen, I offered her some coffee.
    "Well, what did you see?" I asked her.
    "Ummm. Tracy with that redheaded woman." She said, sipping her coffee.
    "Okay...what were they doing?" I asked.
    "Eating each other out." she said quietly.
    "Does that bother you?" I asked.
    "No. It...it's sort of sexy...exciting I mean."
    "Have you ever gone to bed with another girl?" I asked her.
    "Once, when one of my girlfriends slept over. We messed around a little."
    "Did you like it?"
    Lisa's eyes dialated, "Yes."
    "Are you still a virgin?" Tracy's voice asked from the edge of the kitchen.
    Tracy was wrapped in a robe, leaning against the wall behind Lisa.  Lisa
turned around, a little startled.
    "No.  Not since sixteen." She said.
    "I've heard most of what you said." Tracy started. "Wanna join us?"
    Lisa started to look at me, then looked back at Tracy.  She seemed to be
unsure of how to answer.  Kat appeared from behind Tracy, still stark naked,
and she opened Tracy's robe, squeezing Tracy's left breast.  Lisa slid off the
stool, and walked over, running her hands over Kat's back and ass.  Kat took
Lisa's face gently and kissed her lightly, then Tracy did the same.  The three
girls moved off to the bedroom. Tracy crooked her finger at me and I nodded,
whispering that I'd wait a little while so they could enjoy Lisa to themselves.
    A bit later, I checked the baby again, and then entered the bedroom.  I'd
been hearing their muffled moans through the bedroom door, and wondered what
sort of fun they'd been having.  Finally, I had to join them.
    When I walked in, a very erotic scene hit me. Tracy was tied to the bed,
something she likes, and Lisa was fucking her with the long double-dildo that
I'd bought her last year.  Kat was butt-fucking Lisa with a strap-on didlos and
squeezing her tits real hard.  Lisa's face was flushed as was her chest.  I
moved over to the bed and dropped my robe, kneeling next to my wife's mouth.
Tracy sucked my cock, and I pulled on first Lisa's then Kat's nipples. Tracy
let go of my cock and told me that she wanted to see me cum on Lisa's tits.
Lisa had fine, firm tits.  They weren't round, but rather elongated and still
firm enough to stand away from her body.  I began to move around when I thought
of something interesting.  I moved behind Kat, and slid my cock into her sopped
pussy to get it nice and wet.  Kat moaned and rammed Lisa's asshole even harder
and Lisa rammed Tracy's twat.  Tracy was getting wild, unable to move the way
she wanted.  She was holding on for us all to cum with her too.  I made Kat
stop and I slid my cock into her butt, feeling her tight sphincter let me in
slowly.
    "Ohhhh yes!" Kat moaned. "Fuck MY ass too!"
    As I pushed forward, Kat pushed into Lisa.  Lisa, with her ass and cunt
stuffed full, began to cum, panting and telling us that she was cumming. Then
I started to move in Kat's butt even faster, making her fuck Lisa too.  We were
a freight-train, every forward move echoed right into Tracy's cunt, and then
as I pulled out, so did Kat, then Lisa.  Lisa was moaning and panting out loud,
leaning over and licking Tracy's tits with her tounge.
    "Cum in her asshole!" Tracy commanded me. "Fill her butt with sperm!"
    Kat began to cum, and her butt clamped down on me like a vise.  Kat was
shaking and moaning, with Lisa still trying to move under her.  Kat asked me to
pull out, which I did gently.  When I slid out of her butt, Kat sighed, and then
her hips shook, and I could see her thick white cream run down her thighs.
    "Kat, let Tracy suck you now!" I said, and helped her move over Tracy. Her
cunt was literally dripping on the bed, and Tracy sucked and lapped it up from
Kat's pussy.
    I went into the bathroom, and washed off my cock, wanting to fuck Lisa's
cunt, not her ass.  When I came back, Lisa was working the thick double dildo
up Tracy's asshole, having removed it from her own cunt.  I crawled up behind
her and licked her sweet cunt, and Lisa pushed back, moaning softly.  When I
looked up again, Kat was sliding her sopped cunt on Tracy's tits, and she had
spread Tracy's cunt lips wide so she could stroke Tracy's clit.  Lisa however
was already tounging the exposed clit.
    On my knees, I slid right into Lisa's tight pussy, and began to fuck her
tight little body. Lisa moaned and sucked on Tracy's clit, then on Kat's as
Kat moved down and sat clit-to-clit on top of Tracy.  Lisa had both girls
moaning as I fucked her hot slit, and her juices were soaking my crotch and
the bed under her.  I was near to my own orgasm, so I asked Tracy about what
she wanted earlier.
    "Tracy? You still want me to cum on her tits?" I asked her.
    "Yessss!" said a voice from behind Kat.  "Cum all over her!  I want to
lick your cum off her tits!  Cum all over her please!"
    I moved from behind Lisa, and she sat up, sucking my cock into her mouth.
Kat moved off Tracy and watched, as did Tracy.
    "Cum!  Cum in her mouth, on her tits too!" Tracy moaned. "Let me lick her
off!"  Tracy was struggling at her bonds, urging me to come. "Soak her in cum!"
    I pulled out of Lisa mouth and jacked off, with Kat fingering Lisa's hot
little clit.  Cum spurted against Lisa's face, then I aimed it at her tits.
More white cum splashed against her tits, and ran down over her nipples.  The
last spurt splashed against her chin, then sat back.
    "Let me lick it off of you, pleeezee!" Tracy begged.  Lisa crawled up and
let Tracy lick my sperm from a nipple.  Then Kat came up and showed her.
    "Press her face against your tits." Kat said.  Lisa leaned down and pushed
Tracy's face against her tit.  "Now rub your tits over her face." Kat said.
Lisa began rubbing her tits against Tracy's face, smearing the jism on my wife's
lips, chin and nose.  Kat was licking sperm from Lisa's face, then kissing her.
I picked up the dildo that Kat had been using on Lisa, and then crawled between
their legs.  My semi-hard cock slid easily into my wife's throughly drenched
cunt, even with the large dildo still in her asshole.  The smaller dildo, I
slid up Lisa's butt and began to stroke her tail with it.  Lisa groaned and
rocked her beautiful young hips back and forth.  Tracy was thrashing about under
us, and her clenching cunt told me she was cumming over and over.
    After a while, I had Lisa and Kat untie Tracy, and sit her about halfway
up.  They pinched her nipples and let her suck theirs as I slid in and out of
her hot juicy cunt.  Tracy's face showed wet spots of sperm as did Lisa's tits.
Watching my wife suck tits and lick nipples always turns me on and I felt my
last orgasm begin to surge up my cock.  Tracy fet it too, and begged me to cum
all over the three of them.  I compromised.  My sperm gushed in her cunt as I
pulled out, and the next spurt sprayed her belly.  I moved closer and jacked
off on her face and tits, spurting the hot white juice all over her.  Lisa and
Kat began to rub and lick it off of her, smearing it on each other and then
kissing each other.
    For me, I was pooped.  Tracy was going wild again and the three of them
kept at it.  I went to the livingroom sofa and fell asleep, too fucked out and
too pooped out to continue.  I woke at four a.m., when Lisa came out and woke
me up.  She was still naked, but clothes in hand.  She kissed me and said she
had to go home.  I asked if she might get caught, but she said her mother never
caught her, especially if mom's boyfriend spent the night (and he had).  Lisa
asked me to cum in her mouth before she left, as a goodbye, promising that next
time she wanted me to fuck both her ass and cunt.  Topless, she sucked me off
in the livingroom, and she was rewarded with my warm cum coating her tounge.
A little drop had dribbled on her chin, and this I wiped up and spread over her
right nipple, promising her more there next time too.  Lisa rubbed my still
oozing cock over her tits, then put on her t-shirt.  She smiled and left the
house quietly.
    In the bedroom, Kat and Tracy were snuggled up together and I slid in next
to Tracy.  I got another hour or so of sleep until the baby started crying and
demanding to be fed at seven.  Tracy crawled over me and used the bathroom,
cleaning off and donning a robe.  Kat used the bathroom, and returned to bed,
holding my cock as she cuddled from behind.  Tracy finally returned after she
put the baby in her play pen, and we all took a shower together.
    Two weeks later, Kat is living with us in the spare room.  We still need
Lisa to babysit, especially since Kat, Tracy and I go to the Palace together.
We come home earlier now, and have a four way with Lisa.  We had planned to
take Lisa to the Palace, but the weekend before, we spotted her mother there,
and she was something!  Alice, Lisa's mother was taking a black cock up her ass
while fucking another man.  A young woman jerked her partner's cock off onto
Alice's face, then Alice ate the girl's pussy.  Before we left, I happened to
see Alice in the B&D room, tied up spreadeagle, with a girls dildoing her butt
and cunt, and guys lining up to cum on her face.  Well, at least Lisa gets her
love of sex naturally.
    Now, if I can only survive these women to live to a ripe old age!!

--
