______________________________________________________________________________

T  ||==\\  ||  || ||==\\  ||==|| ||   ||  B L E N D E R  C O R P O R A T I O N
   ||   || ||  || ||   || ||      \\ //   ------------------------------------
H  ||   || ||  || ||==//  ||=||    >|<              >>> Presents <<<
   ||   || ||  || ||  \\  ||      // \\               WINKYFLX.DBC
E  ||==//  \\==// ||   \\ ||==|| ||   ||         #004-AA03 -- [05/20/91]
______________________________________________________________________________

                              The Book of Flux
                                     by
                              Aldebaran Arghat
				
          Durex Publishing   -+--+--+--+--+--+-   May 20th, 1991
________________________________________________________________________________

     In the beginning... there was all.  Not all in the sense of everything,
but still, all.  And the all created form, and that form became Aldebaran.
And on this first day, 'Deb rested.  And again, on the second and third days,
'Deb rested.  But on the fourth day, 'Deb said the word.  And the word was
'smurf'.  And thus were the smurfs, and there were of them 100, and the
smurfs made spandex.  And the spandex was biodegradeable.  And it was good.
And 'Deb smiled. But yet still, a great immesureable sorrow lay still in
'Deb's heart.
     His powers waning, 'Deb again concentrated his energies of good, and
come was the Winky Flux.  And to the Winky Flux was given the powers of
emotion and funk.  And with this Winky Flux did 'Deb create a power.  And
this power was 'Faith No More'.  And of this power was the one called Mike
Patton.  Upon this Mike Patton 'Deb did bestow all the powers of the Winky
Flux.  For the Keeper of Sorrows, 'Deb did see his cause as lost, and so
bestowed upon Mike Patton control of the Winky Flux, its powers to be used to
harness and channel positive energies and emotion to those who are deserving.
And with Mike Patton was the guardian of the Flux.  And upon this guardian
did the Winky Flux bestow four steel rings of power.  And with these could
the Winky Flux be protected.  
     And it came to pass that 'Deb lived on in the worlds of the mortals,
denying himself the luxuries of the Winky Flux.  And did 'Deb cry out to the
world his torments, and no hope from the world did come.  For the mortals,
with the guidance of the Winky Flux, did prosper, and for those deserving of
the Winky Flux did enjoy the boons of love and pleasure.  And in the dark
annals of the world did wail 'Deb the torments of his self, and listen did
some, and thus come the tale of the Winky Flux and the torments of the martyr
'Deb to be known to this mortal world.

_______________________________________________________________________________

                                   Notes:

     -In the video for epic, 'it' is used to represent the Winky Flux, for
many do envy its power, and do wish to tear it from the protection of Faith
No More, as is noted in the video.
     -The Winky Flux is physically symbolized in a number of ways.  In Epic,
the Winky Flux first is symbolized by the hand with mouth in palm, as the
splattering liquid is the powers of the Winky Flux released.  And at the end
of that video, the Winky Flux has taken the form of the pianist who is making
the joys of music of the darkness of the human existance, the piano. As the
piano explodes, it is symbolizing the outpour of positive energies from the
plain human existance, as finally, the Flux overcomes social barriers
allowing for the good of all. At the same time, the fish symbolizes
Aldebaran, suffocating, destroying himself as he sees others live on in
happiness and love.
     - In Falling to Pieces, Mike Patton symbolizes tells the tale of the
downfall of Aldebaran to his current mortal state of misery.  The Winky Flux
in this video is symbolized by the clown suit, baseball bat and again, the
hand with mouth.
     - According to the Reverend Doktor Random Tox, "Bob" Dobbs' pipe is in
fact the Winky Flux, which is ususally known by a less nonsensical name.
Nonetheless, "Bob's" teaching is in line with that of the Winky Flux, leading
some theologians, philosophers and telephone repairmen to believe that the
Winky Flux is a nickname for Dobbs' incredible, massive, and awe inspiring
male member.

______________________________________________________________________________
(C)1991 by The Durex Blender Corporation & Aldebaran Arghat [5/20/91]
All Rights Available at the Door. No Reservations.

    *** Spread the word of Turnex, the Blender for the Next Millenium. ***

The Durex Blender Corporation : Boston    (617) 696-8156 - 24oo/8N1 - 24 hours
