______________________________________________________________________________

T  ||==\\  ||  || ||==\\  ||==|| ||   ||  B L E N D E R  C O R P O R A T I O N
   ||   || ||  || ||   || ||      \\ //   ------------------------------------
H  ||   || ||  || ||==//  ||=||    >|<              >>> Presents <<<
   ||   || ||  || ||  \\  ||      // \\               RABBIT1 .DBC
E  ||==//  \\==// ||   \\ ||==|| ||   ||         #012-AA05 -- [10/21/91]
______________________________________________________________________________

                           To Shave or Not To Shave
                             -------------------
                             by Aldebaran Arghat

     It was 10 am, and Cathal Coughlin listened to the news on the radio as
he brushed his teeth.  The top story was a large animal rights demonstration
against the Gilette Corporation.  The demonstrators were demanding that an
end be put to the mistreatment of animals, and the use of animals in
expirimentation.
     Earlier that day, in the very same city, a small rabbit awoke and looked
around her. Every day, she found the same cramped cage in the same large
room.  There was a small sign on the side of her cage which read "Gilette
Laboratories, Weston PA; Rabbit, white; female (#397)". She stretched,
turned, and looked into her food container. As usual, a handful of food
pellets had been put in during the night. She ate the pellets quickly, and
looked around her. The room was the same as always. Small animals, mainly
rabbits and mice were held in small cages. There was a strong stench of
feces, which was sometimes overpowered by the acrid smell of disinfectant.
     As usual, a young man in a clean white lab coat came into the room with
a wheeled metal cart.  He checked a list on his clipboard, and began picking
up some of the cages of the animals and placing them on his cart. The white
rabbit cowered in the corner of the cage as the man came towards her. She had
been lucky up to this point; she had not yet been taken from the room by the
orderly. But today, the man walked over towards her cage, and after checking
his list, picked up her cage and placed it on the cart with the others. 
     She nervously sat in her cage, as the cart was wheeled out of the room
and down a long, brightly-lit hallway. The orderly opened another door and
rolled the cart into a large laboratory. There were two men here who met the
orderly and took the cages off the cart and placed them onto a table.  The
rabbit trembled nervously as the two men discussed what the rabbits were here
for. Today, they would be testing for any harmful effects of an aftershave
lotion. The rabbit scampered back and forth in the cage as the man put on a
pair of heavy gloves and opened up her cage.
     She froze in fear as the man lifted her out of her cage and put her into
a restraining device on the table. She struggled and tried to escape the
bonds, but she could not move. She watched as the same was done to some of
the other rabbits, her heart beating furiously. The two men spoke for a
moment, and then drew a glass flask out of a cabinet. The flask held a blue
tinted liquid with a sharp scent.  The rabbit continued struggling as the
scientists came towards her.  
     One of them forced her eyes open, as the other filled an eye dropper
with the liquid.  Extreme pain swept over the rabbit as the liquid was poured
onto her eyes.  She was helpless and unable to stop the pain.  The same was
done with many of the other rabbits.  The scientists watched coldly as the
rabbits squirmed and went through spasms of pain.  After five minutes of
this, the scientists concluded that the formula for the aftershave lotion
would have altered somewhat, and left the room to write up their reports.
The rabbits, still in tremendous pain, were taken into another room, and left
to die.
     The news report was concluded when Mr Coughlin was just finishing
shaving.  He opened up his mirrored bathroom cabinet, and took out the small
bottle labeled "Ultra Aftershave, by Gilette".  He opened the bottle and
poured some on his hands.  He started to rub the lotion onto his face, but
then paused.  His mind went back to the report of the demonstration, back to
the descriptions of the pain and suffering the animals went through.  Then he
chuckled.  "What a load of bull!  Nobody would do that to an animal just for
aftershave!" With that, he finished rubbing the aftershave into his face,
closed the bottle, and walked out of the bathroom.

______________________________________________________________________________
(C)1991 by The Durex Blender Corporation & Aldebaran Arghat
All Rights Available at the Door. No Reservations.

    *** Spread the word of Turnex, the Blender for the Next Millenium. ***

The Durex Blender Corporation : Boston    (617) 696-8156 - 24oo/8N1 - 24 hours
