========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: REPOST: Turning the Tables on Tammy 1/5
From: rogerptipe@aol.com (Rogerptipe)
Date: 27 Jun 1995 02:21:26 -0400


Hi,
This is the first few chapters of a story I have.  As it is my
first attempt at posting such work, I hope it comes out all
right.  The early chapters are primarily set ups, with more
exciting parts to come.  I do welcome any suggestions etc. 
Enjoy........

*****************************************************************
*************
The following piece of fiction is intended as ADULT
entertainment.  All characters in this story are fictional, and
the author does not necessarily condone the actions described
within.  If graphic sexual stories offend you or if you are under
18 DO NOT READ OR DOWNLOAD!!!!!!!
*****************************************************************
*************



                   TURNING THE TABLES ON TAMMY

                           CHAPTER ONE


     It would be safe to say that Tammy had gotten herself into
this mess on her own.  She should have been smarter, should have
been more careful.  Then again, perhaps her carelessness was just
her subconscious desire to be caught, thus assuring that she
would get the kind of treatment she was now certain to receive
for the rest of her life.  However, the psychological intricacies
of her ordeal were the last thing on Tammy's mind as she lay
silently, perfectly still, face down on the floor of her father's
private office at his exclusive  country club.
     She was sore from head to foot with the kind of wonderful
fatigue that comes from hours of intense pleasure and dozens of
orgasms.  Her soft white skin was sticky with dried sweat and
gobs of half dried cum.  Tammy knew she was a mess, and yet she
smiled ever so slightly as she waited quietly for what was to
come next, with only the vaguest of thoughts as to what she had
done to get here. 
     She had always been daring, much more so than her two older
brothers, who were kept under control by her parents over bearing
ways.  Tammy was different, defiant of any authority and
constantly challenging the rules.  Her rebellious nature would
never have been tolerated had she been a boy, but from day one,
she was Daddy's Little Princess, and thus got away with whatever
she did.  Being a spoiled child had its advantages for Tammy. 
her father had made a considerable fortune in the computer
industry, so her life was filled with expensive gifts, vacations
and servants.  Young Tammy loved it all.
     By the time Tammy was half way through her four years at a
very expensive private school, she had begun to blossom into
quite a lovely young woman.  Slender build, with large full
breasts and strong athletic legs, gave her a body that had all
the boys, (and some of the girls) drooling as she paraded around
in her school uniform.  She had also taken up modeling as a
hobby, encouraged of course by her father, who was ever so proud
of his young beauty.  Given her experimental nature, it was no
surprise that Tammy experimented sexually.  However, unlike most
of her young friends, she did not find it disgusting and boorish,
but rather relished in the physical pleasure and more
importantly, the power it seemed to have over the boys in her
classes, as well as her teachers.  It was from her encounters
with these teachers that Tammy learned much about love making and
the value of secrecy when it came to sex.
     In he father's mind, Tammy graduated from high school as the
best and the brightest in her class, as well as the most
pristine, untouched girl in the world.  What he did not know
however, was that his Little Princess counted over three fourths
of the boys in her graduating class among the sixty plus men she
had already fucked.  Not to mention the dozen or so staff
members, including the silver haired principal who handed her her
diploma with a sly knowing grin.
     Sex in high school was easy enough to hide.  Boys talked,
but everyone knew they exaggerated.  Even if the rumors about her
happened to be true, Tammy could easily dismiss them.  And the
teachers?  Who were they going to tell?  Most of them were
married, with careers at stake.  None of them would dare risk
that plus jail time just to tell her father what a slut she was
becoming.  Had she been truly smart, Tammy would have continued
to chose men with more to lose than she had.  However, once in
college, the lure of sex was too great.  her grades had forced
her to attend a local state college.  Not even her father's money
could fix that.  He was embarrassed by it, but Tammy loved the
new freedom it gave her.  She was thrilled to be surrounded by so
many new and exciting men and women.  It did not take long for
her to discover all of the secluded spots on campus where she
could slip away for some between class fucking.  Now that she was
eighteen and in college, her parents even relaxed the no parties
rule and allowed her to attend a few frat parties.  They still
would not allow her to 'date' anyone without their approval,
(which gave her a long list of dull rich boys who just did not
measure up to Tammy's standards)  She was able to have plenty of
fun just by going to the weekly frat parties.     Never before
had Tammy had such easy access to multiple partners.  Once in
high school, on a dare, she had done a gang bang with all 12
players on the basketball team, but the eight frats on campus,
gave Tammy as much as she could handle.  Soon, she was gang
banging every weekend.  It was like heaven
     She still modeled a bit, just for fun, and it was through
her association with a photographer that Tammy's demise was
assured.  Cal had photographed her many times, building a nice
portfolio for her of fashion and bikini photos.  One day, Cal
asked Tammy, who by now sported a lovely set of 38d breasts, if
she would consider doing some topless modeling for his private
collection.  Turned on by the idea, Tammy agreed.  Soon, she was
posing nude for a small group of Cal's photographer friends.  She
found it very arousing to be the center of their attention, as if
they were fucking her with their cameras.  Finally, one of the
other photographers offered her five hundred dollars to do a
video for a private collector.  Well, Christmas was approaching
and she did have her eye on a rather expensive watch for dear old
daddy.  All she had to do was fuck a gorgeous male model that the
photographer provided for her.  Tammy's indecision over this
lasted about three seconds before she agreed.  
     To her delight, the model was as gorgeous a man as the
photographer had described, Tall and deeply black, with the body
of a god and a sexy smile.  Now Tammy had fucked black men before
and loved it.  As an added thrill, she knew how much her father
hated blacks and other minorities.  Tammy had never shared these
feelings, in fact they were the one thing she hated about her
father.  He could be such a bigot.  Tammy was surprised at how
quickly she warmed up to the idea of the camera.  This beautiful
man's huge prick help she to that.  Before long, she was
screaming and creaming on that huge black rod like a true slut. 
For the climax of the video, Tammy jerked the black man off onto
her angelic face, and was surprised at the naughty thought which
raced through her mind as his semen splashed on her.  "Daddy
would die if could see me now."  It was the best money she had
ever made.
     Little did she know, the private collector who the video was
for was none other than David Lee, a man her father's age, who
had long ago been cheated out of a fortune by Tammy's father. 
The man had almost been ruined, and naturally always looked upon
Tammy's family as an enemy.  He had seen her around, she had
grown up quite beautiful.  His daughter went to school with
Tammy.  Unlike Tammy, David's daughter was not pretty and
popular, in fact, more than once his little girl had come home
crying because of something that bitch had done or said.  Even
around the club, Tammy strutted around making enemies, treating
all the staff their as if they were shit on her shoes.  David's
hatred for her father was equal to his loathing of his perfect
daughter.  Imagine his surprise when he sat at his desk, popped
in the new tape he had ordered from that sleaze ball videographer
and saw that the young slut deep throating a ten inch black cock
was none other than the daughter of his most hated enemy.  Oh
revenge would be sweet.
     "Got to make a few phone calls"  He thought to himself.  But
first he whipped out his cock and began to stoke it furiously as
he watched rich little Tammy fuck like a cheap whore.  

                           CHAPTER TWO

     Tammy kept herself busy over the Christmas holidays by going
to lots of parties.  It seemed like each fraternity held their
festivities on different nights, so she got fucked almost nightly
for two weeks.  Still, she wanted and need more.  As she and her
family sat at their usual table a the country club on December
29, Tammy allowed her mind to wander.  She had been somewhat
careful not to set any of these people know what a slut she was. 
She knew that most of them hated her.  Resented her father's
money and power, and most of all, were jealous of her beauty. 
"If they only knew...." She thought.
     Tammy was somewhat surprised when David Lee, a man her
father had almost destroyed in a business deal, came over to
their table with his stupid cow of a daughter.  She had gone to
school with Tammy, but they had not been friends.  Wendy Lee had
gotten into Vasser, the stupid cow.  Mr. Lee shook her father's
hand, which was odd in itself.  "Just wanted to wish all of you a
very happy holiday."  He said before leaving.  Wendy shot Tammy a
dirty look as she left.  Who does that bitch think she is?  She
thought.
     Half way through dinner, Tammy excused herself to  go to the
ladies room.  Really, she needed to call her friends and the
Delta Chi house to see if they were still going to have their big
New Year's Eve Party.  On her way back from the phone, Tammy ran
into Mr. Lee, she tried to pass him, but he stopped her.  "Tammy"
he whispered.  "I wanted to get you alone so I could talk to
you."
     "I'll bet " she thought.  "What do you want?"  She asked.
     "Well, tomorrow afternoon, we are throwing a big surprise
party for your father.  He has just been voted San Marcos father
of the year by the newspaper."
     "So what does that have to do with me?"  She asked.
     "The paper would like for you to be there, since your
brothers couldn't make it home for Christmas.  Do you think you
can be here at noon?"  He asked.
     "The club is closed tomorrow."  She replied. "How are you
going to get my father here?"
     "That's all been taken care of.  We just need to make sure
that one of his kids is here.  And keep it a secret, your mother
and father must be surprised."
     "OK, I'll try"  Tammy said, although she knew she would be
here.  It was about time those jealous pricks gave her daddy some
respect.
     Tammy returned to her table and Mr. Lee left.  He had lots
of planning to do.  Neither of them had seen that Wendy, not far
away, had heard their conversation.


========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: REPOST: Turning the Tables on Tammy 2/5
From: rogerptipe@aol.com (Rogerptipe)
Date: 27 Jun 1995 02:21:41 -0400

****************************************************
The following story and all characters within are
fictional..........
It is intended for ADULT entertainment only and contains
graphic sexual themes and descriptions.  If you are not of
age or are offended by such material please DO NO READ
ANY FURTHER!!!!!!!!!!
*******************************************************

Here is part two....again, I welcome any comments or suggestions
either in alt.sex.stories.d or Email. Enjoy

            TURNING THE TABLES ON TAMMY (PART 2 OF ?)

     When Tammy arrived at the country club the following day,
she was dressed to impress.  Her daddy had always been proud of
how beautiful she was, and for this special occasion, she was
going to make sure she looked her best.  After all, her two lazy
brothers hadn't even bothered to come home for Christmas, the
pricks.  Even though the club was closed down that day, it was
fully staffed, apparently for the big surprise event.  As she
walked up to the door, Tammy could feel the eyes of the Mexican
grounds crew as they sweltered in the afternoon sun.  They
watched her five foot seven inch frame strut by dressed in  thin
white long sleeved blouse, mid length white skirt and a nice pair
of four inch heels.  Her 38d-24-36 frame was a sight to behold
for the tired workers who couldn't help but stare at her despite
their loathing for the rude bitch who seemed to think that they
couldn't understand her constant insults, besides, her father was
that big jack ass who called them all stupid wetbacks.
     Tammy was a bit disappointed to have to spend an entire
Sunday here when she had planned to go with her friends to the
beach, but she had to keep up appearances.  Inside, she was a bit
surprised to find very few of the normal kitchen staff buzzing
about.  "They should keep these people out of sight so they don't
ruin daddy's press coverage."  She though walking past them
towards the meeting hall where Mr. Lee had instructed her to
wait.  She was not surprised to see that he was not here yet. 
"Always late" she mumbled "Just like the Jemaco deal when my
father took that contract from you and cost you all that money." 
Tammy smiled, her father's ruthless business practices were
something she greatly admired in him.  He wasn't afraid to go out
and get what he wanted, by force if necessary.  But where was
everyone?  The ceremony should be starting soon.  
     She sat and waited a few minutes before Mr. Lee entered the
room.  "It's about time" Tammy said.  "Where is everyone?"
     "Sorry to keep you waiting, but we have a few things to
discuss before your father gets here."  He replied, wheeling in a
cart with a TV and VCR on it.  
     Tammy had a feeling that Mr. Lee was going to make a come
on, at some point all men did.  And as much as the her pussy
needed to be fucked, there was no way an old loser like Mr. Lee
was going to get anywhere with her.  She stood up and headed for
the door defiantly.  "I don't have time for this sort of shit."
     "I can see we won't be doing this the easy way."  He said
stepping in front of the door.
     "Get the fuck out of my way, before I tell my father.  You
know what he'll do to, he'll ruin you."
     "Shut up and sit down you little bitch!"  He bellowed
firmly.  "This won't take a minute."  He grabbed her by the arm
and shoved her into a chair.  Tammy was too shocked by him to
even move.  "How dare he lay a hand on me."  She thought.
     "OK, let's get right to the point Tammy.  I've never liked
you much.  You're a spoiled stupid little bitch who thinks her
shit is candy and in Princess of the world.  Well, my dear, those
days are over as of today.  Starting now, you are going to be
treated like the little gutter whore you are."
     Tammy had never in her life been talked to like this.  What
did he think he was doing.  One word of this to her father and
Mr. Lee would be wiped out.  He'd be on a offramp begging for
change and his cow wife and daughter would be her personal maid
for this outrage.
     "That's right my dear, I know your dirty little secret.  I
always knew you were a slut, I just thought you might be smart
enough to keep everyone from finding out.  A girl in your
position should be more discreet."  The words were striking close
to home now and for the first time, fear hit Tammy.  Could he
possibly know?  She didn't think so, he was bluffing.
     "Whatever it is you think you're talking about Mr. Lee, I
suggest you stop right there.  One more word from you and I'll be
having this discussion with my father."
     "Oh, that is the plan dear.  See, I have invited your father
down here.  To watch a very special movie.  Here I'll show you." 
Mr. Lee turned on the TV and hit the play button on the VCR.  
After a few agonizing seconds, the picture came clear.  Then the
truly agonizing realization hit her.  There on the TV, Tammy saw
own face with a huge black cock slapping against it as she sucked
on a faceless man's prick.  "The video."  she whispered, too
horrified to move.
     "That's right.  I am your private collector.  You can only
imagine my surprise when I realized who the how new model of the
month was.  I just wonder what dear old dad with think of his
sweet Princess when he sees this.  He'll especially like the part
where she gets her cheeks busted by this huge nigger's prick
won't he Tammy?"
     His obvious enjoyment gave Tammy something to fight against.
He wanted to think he had one, but she was smarter and more
ruthless than he imagined.  "Oh yes, I'm sure he will.  And I am
sure your board of directors, the church council, your wife and
stupid cunt daughter will love to know how daddy orders special
shot tapes of blacks raping poor white girls."  She countered.
     "Raped?" He laughed. "I have paid twenty dollar whores who
didn't beg to be fucked this badly dear."
     "Of course, that's because you were there with a gun,
forcing me to do it.  I think the police will love to hear all
about that.  Should get you put away for a good long time ass
hole."
     Tammy was fighting back well, as he knew she would.  This is
why he had waited a few weeks before moving in, he had to have a
back up plan in case she didn't crack easily.
     "So," she continued "What do you say you give me that tape
and we can forget this ever happened, that is until I need some
extra spending money.  I think you should be more than happy  to
toss some cash my way in exchange for me not ruining you life."
     Mr. Lee sat laughing for a long moment. "I'll give you
credit slut, you don't go down without a fight.  All right, you
got me, I'll give in, but how about we see what else in on the
tape. Then I'll give it to you."
     Tammy's smile of victory was short lived as his last
statement confused her a bit.  Mr. Lee fast forwarded the tape
for a minute, then hit play again.  This time the image was less
clear, rather dark and shaky, but it didn't take long to see that
it was Tammy again.  Someone was shooting a video through the
window of the fraternity house.  An uncontrolled squeak left
Tammy's mouth as she watched herself on the screen.  Naked, on
her hands and knees, a cock in her pussy, another in her ass and
a line of college guys waiting to cum all over her face.  She
remembered that night vividly.  They had all fucked her so good.
     "And in case you're wondering, there is more."  He said
triumphantly. "I've had people following you for a few weeks now.
I have enough tape here to more than convince anyone who see this
that you are in fact a cheap worthless slut.  Even dear old dad. 
You know, this could just about kill the old bastard.....unless
of course, you can convince me not to show him."
     Tammy had to fight back tears as the ramifications of the
video sunk in, but she was strong.  He was enjoying this moment,
but he had a lot to lose as well.  her father could still ruin
him if he showed anyone the tape.  But what would daddy do to
her?  Years of being a Princess had left her with few survival
skills and even fewer friends.  Stiffen her lip, Tammy stood and
took a step toward the door.  "You do what you want, No one will
believe you anyway."  She said feebly.
     Mr. Lee could tell by the tone of defeat in her voice that
he would never actually have to show the video to her father, (a
thought which actually did scare him.  Who knows what the mean
old son of a bitch might do to him.  He breathed a secret sigh of
relief as Tammy's step was visibly uninspired.  She wasn't going
anywhere.  "Sit you ass down whore"  He snapped.  "Why don't you
just wait here and we'll show daddy together and see what he
says."
     Tammy stopped, tears now rolled down her cheeks as she sat
back down.  There was no way out of this one.  She did not want
to beg him, but she could not let him show that tape to anyone. 
It would kill her father and destroy the entire family. 
Sniffling she asked the question he had so much wanted to hear. 
"What do you want in exchange for the tape."
     Leaning on the table inches for the seated nineteen year old
blonde, Mr. Lee felt his cock  surge with energy.  He was 46
years old and hadn't had a pussy this young and well bred in
years.  He wanted to enjoy this.  What's more, he could do
whatever he wanted to her.  It was like paying a whore, except no
whore he'd ever met had been so beautiful, perfect.  And more
importantly, no whore was the daughter of the man who had stolen
his ideas and his fortune.  For all the years Tammy's father had
taken food from the mouths of his family, he was going to take it
out tenfold on his precious little Princess.  His mind reeled
with all the wicked tortures he had in mind for little Tammy.  It
was all he could do to keep from cumming in his pants right then
and there.

                          CHAPTER FOUR

     Wendy was suspicious of her father's talk with Tammy.  She
knew there was no such award going to Tammy's dad.  The whole
town hated and feared the bastard.  Almost as much as she hated
Tammy Douglas, the bitch who had made her high school years a
dateless Hell.  She and her friends were constantly tormenting
her for her shy bookish nature, and her somewhat overweight
frame.  Wendy Lee was by no means fat, but she was a far cry from
that 'model' bitch Tammy Dougals.  That plus the ostracization
from the popular crowd had made Wendy's high school years
dateless and lonely.  She was reduced to having to take her
pimply faced younger cousin Harold, all of fourteen at the time,
to her senior prom.  While Wendy heard all the stories of Tammy's
sexual exploits, (They couldn't have been true, no one was that
big a slut) Wendy had to be satisfied with her fingers and
various toys to satisfy her plump pussy.  Each and every time her
chubby fingers made he pussy cum, Wendy swore to one day get
revenge on Wendy and girls like her.
     Away at college, Wendy Lee found life no better, shy,
unattractive and new at an all girls school did not bode well for
one's sex life, unless of course, one like girls.  Wendy found
more and more, that didn't dislike that idea, but as of yet, she
had not sampled a woman's pussy.  She did find her revenge
fantasies about Tammy growing increasingly more sexual.  She was
in the middle of one of these fantasies in the shower when she
heard her father's car pull out of the driveway for his 'meeting'
with Tammy.
     Wendy had three fingers pumping in and out of her open pussy
as she held the showerhead down between her legs.  The warm jets
of water, pulsating on her swollen clit, driving her crazy,
making her entire body tense up, almost there.  Her mind raced
with images of revenge against Tammy.  In her mind, she had Tammy
tied on her knees with her hands tied behind her back.  A black
leather blindfold hid her fate from Tammy.  A line of homeless
men and women, unshowered, unclean and mostly old and diseased
were standing in front of lovely Tammy waiting their turn to use
her mouth as a cum depository.  The cum of a dozen homeless bums
dripped out of Tammy's rich pristine mouth as she struggled to
get away.  Behind her, Wendy knelt, driving a huge black strap on
dildo up her precious ass hole.  Wendy had both hands full of
that perfect long blonde hair, which had always made her jealous
(her own thin mousy blonde hair was always cut short to hid its
lack of body)  Wendy could feel the orgasms flowing through her
body as the water and the depraved revenge images sent her over
the top.  Had anyone been in the house, they would have heard the
girl screaming out in anger and ecstasy.


========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: REPOST: Turning the Tables on Tammy 3/5
From: rogerptipe@aol.com (Rogerptipe)
Date: 27 Jun 1995 02:32:07 -0400

*********************************************************
***********************************************************
WARNING-WARNING-WARNING-WARNING-WARNING

This story contains descriptive scenes of sex, some non
consentual,
and is intened as ADULT entertainment.  If this sorr of material 
offends you or you are under age.  DON'T READ ANY FURTHER
OR DOWNLOAD.

By the way, the story is FICTION!!!!! The author does not condone
the below activites....it's a story for God's sake get over it.

As always, comment or suggestions are welcome on
alt.sex.stories.d
or EMail.

Let me know if I should continue.....

Enjoy........

Roger P. Tipe

             TURNING THE TABLES ON TAMMY PART THREE

                          CHAPTER FIVE

     Back at the club, David stood over a now weeping Tammy,
stroking her beautiful blonde hair.  "Maybe"  he thought, "I'll
make her shave it all off.  Won't look so fucking pretty bald
will she?"
     "Please" Tammy sobbed. "Don't show my father the video. 
I'll never treat you that way again.  I'll even give you all the
money I can get my hands on, and I will never do this sort of
thing again.  From now on I'll be a good girl I swear."
     David grabbed Tammy by the hair, forcing her to look up at
him. "Oh you won't ever treat anyone this way again, that's for
sure.  I'll see to that, from now on you are going to be very
nice to everyone.  And as for your money dear, there is not
enough money in the entire world to stop me from having you do my
bidding."  He pointed to the TV screen and made her watch herself
in action. "As for you not doing that again...I beg to differ. 
You'll be doing it even more, only now it will be when and with
whom I order you to do it, not to satisfy your slut pussy."
     Through teary eyes, Tammy could see Mr. Lee laughing as on
screen she bounced wildly on some frat boy's fat cock.  She truly
looked like a dick starved whore.  "why wasn't I more careful?"
she thought to herself again.
     "I won't be your slave."  she whimpered, trying her best to
sound defiant and strong. "No matter what you say or do."
     "Oh i believe you will. One look at this tape and dear old
dad will kick his little slut right out into he streets.  How
long do you think you'll last then dear?"  David Lee was in
Heaven, it was too much.  He knew he had to do something to her
quickly or he would explode.  Moving closer to her, David said.
"Take out my cock."
     Tammy turned her head away. "No. I won't do it, I'm not like
that."
     "Come now dear, from the looks of this tape, you are a
regular cum drinking whore.  You love it.  Now, you just better
get to work, and pray you are as good as you look.  Come on
sweetie, take out my cock."
     Tammy turned her face upwards towards him. It had been a
long time since anyone had needed to ask her to do that.  She was
rather accustomed to taking the initiative.  Still, this was not
someone she particularly wanted to be with.  "If I do, will you
promise not to show the tape to my daddy?" She pleaded.
     David just laughed.  "Oh my dear, sweet Tammy, this is only
the beginning. I can't promise you this is all you have to do,
but I will make you this promise.  If you don't suck my cock
right now, I will show your this tape to your daddy and to the
entire fucking club."
     A look of horror struck Tammy's face. "Oh please no mister
Lee, don't do that." she moaned.
     "Then suck me."  He barked.  Tammy's trembling fingers
unzipped David's trousers.  They fell to his feet as she pulled
his boxer shorts down over his hips.  His stiff prick popped up,
smacking Tammy under her chin.  She jumped back a bit surprised. 
David snorted, "Don't worry sweetie, it won't bite you."
     Tammy was embarrassed by her own reaction.  She had sucked
over two hundred fifty cocks in her young life, but this was
somehow frightening.  This man knew her secrets and could use
that knowledge to hurt her and destroy her father.  She had no
choice but to do as this man said and hope his imagination was
not as wicked as his grin.
     David Lee had a rather short cock, even throbbing as it was
now, it was barely five inches long.  However, it was
exceptionally thick, measuring a full three and three quarters an
inch across.  In all his years with his wife, David had never
gotten her used to it's thickness.  Oh he had plans for this
spoiled young bitch.  She was going to do things to his thick
prick that only whores had done in for him in the past.  Even
better, she was going to do it for free, and beg him for more.
     Tammy was a bit surprised by the girth of Mr. Lee's member. 
It wasn't very long, but it was so big around.  A horrifying
vision struck her as she thought of this fist like cock invading
her tight body. "I had better suck him really good."  She thought
to herself shuddering.
     "Do you like my cock, whore?" David snapped as Tammy wrapped
her delicate young fingers around the thick shaft.  It was too
big to even fit in her hand.
     Keeping her head down, Tammy whined. "Stop calling me that."
     "You are right dear,"  David taunted. "Whore's get paid. 
You're doing this for free, so I guess you're just a slut.  But
don't worry, once I start pimping you out around town, then
you'll be a proper whore."
     Tammy knew that he was trying to humiliate her with his
harsh words and fought the urge to cry again as she stroked his
dick.  "Besides, " she thought "This won't take long."  Judging
from the pre-cum that dribbled fro the big purple head of his
cock, Mr. Lee would be a very fast shooter.
     "Go on" he said, seeing her staring at the pre-cum.  "Give
it a lick slut girl.  You should get used to the taste of my cum.
You'll be enjoying it for a quite some time."
     Tammy tried to ignore his cruel words and concentrate on
getting this over with.  She snaked out her tongue to sample the
clear fuck fluid that ran from Mr. Lee's prick.  The salty taste
was very familiar.  Tammy loved the taste of man spunk and no
amount of anger or humiliation could change the fact that giving
head turned her on.  To her utter horror and shame, Tammy felt
her nipples go hard beneath her blouse and felt her pussy begin
to drip.
     "Oh God," she thought. "What kind of slut have I become?"
     She closed her lips around the huge head of Mr. Lee's cock. 
It stuffed her mouth full of cock meat.  Getting this beer can of
a cock into her mouth was going to be a challenge.  Tammy had
learned to deep throat expertly, and could easily handle at least
twelve inches down her throat, (A feat she had accomplished many
times) but this one was so wide.
     Her soft tongue swirled around the bulbous head of his dick,
wetting it with her spit.  Looking down at her, David though she
was even more beautiful like this, her soft full lips stretched
tightly around his fat cock.  He couldn't wait to throat fuck
her.  His wife had never been able to do it, and none of the
whore's he had paid to do it were one tenth as beautiful as the
lovely Tammy Douglas.
     She started to suck hard on the head of his prick, trying to
avoid having him shove it in her mouth.  She felt that with some
good lip and tongue action, he would shoot before face fucking
her.  That might just suffocate her.  "After all" she though
arrogantly, "with that old cow of a wife he has, this is no doubt
the best head the old guy has had in years.  He should be
grateful."
     Grateful he was not however.  What David was feeling was
pure ecstasy.  Not only was this the best head he had in years,
but it was a pure slap in the face to Tammy and her bastard of a
father.  Tammy had been the belle of the ball all her life, the
untouchable virgin Princess of her father's corrupt Kingdom and
now he was about to force his thick cock down her throat until
she gagged.  Oh how he wished he were getting this on videotape.
     Tammy flinched as David stroked her cheek.  She seemed to
know what was coming next and definitely did not want him to grab
her head and start thrusting.  She puled back off his cock, which
made an audible pop as it left her lips.  
     "Now, now dear, why so jumpy?" David mocked.  I'm just
admiring your skin, you know your father always brags about how
little Princess has the most perfect skin when he shows us your
stupid modeling pictures.  Must be from all that cum the boys rub
on your face." David laughed aloud as he pulled Tammy to her
feet.
     "Oh God," she though,  "what is he going to do to me?"
     "Sit on the table, "David ordered, shoving her back, her ass
hitting the edge of the giant meeting table roughly.  Before she
could utter a word of protest, David spun her around facing away
from him and pushed her down onto her back.  A few seconds worth
of positioning, had the young bitch lying on her back with her
face hanging over the table.  She knew what this position was
best for.
     "No" she squealed. "Don't shove that thing down my throat, 
it's too wide."  Tears streamed from Tammy's face.
     "Shut up" David barked. "I told you to do as I say or daddy
sees everything."  He slapped her across the face with his prick.
"Now open wide, slut, time for me to open that throat of yours."
     Just then, the door to the conference room opened.  Both of
them looked towards the door.  Miguel, one of the waiters from
the dining hall popped his head in.  "I'm saved" thought Tammy.
     "What do you want Miguel?"  barked David.
     Tammy seized the moment "Help me Miguel, he's raping me,
call the police. Help!"  She screamed to the man.
     Miguel, who had been screamed at many times by young Tammy,
smiled at her. In broken English he replied. "Sorry I no speaka
the English."  They all knew it was a lie, and Miguel and David
burst into laugher.
     "What is going on?" though Tammy in horror.  "Why won't he
help me?"
     "Sorry sir."  Miguel said to David.  "Would you or the young
lady like anything to drink?"  Now his English was perfect, with
only a hint of an accent.  
     "He's in on it too." Realized Tammy, and her heart sank.    
     "I'd love a brandy Miguel." Replied David, "however, I do
believe, Miss Douglas here will have plenty to drink soon
enough."  Both men laughed again.
     "Very good sir."  Miguel said, taking a glance at the TV
screen before exiting.  "Nice video,"  he mocked. "I've seen it
three times already."  He left them alone.
     "Now, where were we?" Teased David. "Oh yes, I was about to
fuck your precious face. Open wide slut."  
     Fear and helplessness overwhelmed Tammy, what did he have
planned for her?  How many people were in on it?  Who had he
shown the video to already?  Sobbing again, Tammy opened her
mouth and waited for the thick shaft to invade her mouth. 
     David did not make her wait long for it, grabbing her by the
side of her head, he thrust the length of his cock into her mouth
in one stroke.  Most of his rather short cock filled her mouth,
but when it did hit the back of her throat, Tammy felt the thick
cock force her throat open. Tammy's gag reflex kicked in, trying
to expel the intrusion, but David held her face tightly in his
hands, forcing her to keep his cock buried in her throat. 
Gagging and in some pain as her throat struggled to loosen up,
Tammy squirmed on the table.
     "Hold still." David shouted.  He wanted to stretch her
throat out, and needed her to stop moving to keep from shooting
off right down her throat.  That just wouldn't do, oh no, he had
other plans.  
     Desperately breathing through her nose, Tammy felt her
throat begin to give in to the violating cock.  Her jaw was
stretched to its max by the width of his cock, but she took it. 
A brief sense of depraved pride rushed over her as she thought of
her accomplished mouth and her cockscuking talents.  Again she
was ashamed to feel her pussy juices flowing.  
     Having recovered from his near orgasm, David regained his
composure and began his onslaught once again.  Reaching down, he
ripped open Tammy's thin white blouse, sending buttons flying
across the large black table.  Tammy moaned weakly around David's
prick.  "Quiet pet."  He cooed, "I just want you to be good and
comfortable."  He tore open the front clasp on her bra, allowing
her full breasts to spill out into view.  They were huge and so
firm, with silver dollar sized dark patches.  Gumdrop sized
nipples poked out of the centers of the dark areolas.  "Oh, my
little slut is turned on by being forced to throat fuck eh?" 
David's mocking voice brought tears once again to Tammy's eyes. 
To her shame, he was right, her body was responding to the
pleasure she always felt with a cock in her mouth.  Never mind,
that he was forcing her, her pussy didn't know any better.
     David took each of her nipples between his rough fingers. 
"Now slut," he chanted. "I'm going to fuck your throat good and
hard.  You take it like a good slut or I'll tear into your
nipples like you've never had done."  To emphasize his point,
David gave her nips a very hard squeeze, causing her to let out a
muffled scream.  The pain shot from her tits down to her pussy
and made her even wetter.  As David began to pump in and out of
her mouth, he caressed her huge breasts roughly, kneading them
like huge wads of dough.  Now opened up, Tammy's throat
graciously accepted his prick, but her breath still came in short
snorts through her nose.  If David had plugged her nose, she
would have suffocated.  
     His fast rhythm soon had Tammy lulled into a semi trace.  No
longer painful,  his cock just filled her mouth in a rather
pleasant manner.  She let herself go a bit and began to enjoy
herself a bit.  That was a big mistake.  As she writhed around on
the table, Tammy's skirt rode up around her waist.  Now David had
a clear view of her modes white panties.  The damp spot in the
center was unmistakable.  It was clear that Tammy was getting hot
by being forced to suck his cock.  That nearly made him shoot his
load right then.
     "So, " he mocked. "My slut gets wet sucking cock?" 
     Tammy shook her head around his cock, trying to hide her
arousal, but it was no use.  David pinched her nipples hard
again, sending pain throughout Tammy's body.  "Yes you are slut! 
Now I want you to play with your precious pussy while I fuck your
face.  I want Daddy's little Princess to fuck herself while she
gets raped and degraded like she knows she deserves."
     His words stung her badly, making her feel more ashamed than
she had ever felt in her life.  How could he be doing this to
her?  How could she be liking it so much?  No matter, though, she
knew she had best do what he said.  All she had to do was finger
her pussy and fake an orgasm when he wanted her to, play the role
of the filthy slut he wanted her to be.  Reaching down with her
left hand, Tammy pulled her panties away from he pussy, "God,"
she thought. "I'm soaked."  With her other hand, she rubbed a
finger along her slit, again amazed by the amount of fluid she
was spewing.  Her pussy felt as if it had been fucked by a dozen
men and was oozing their sperm.  
     "Don't play with it gently like a Sunday school teacher!"
David yelled.  "Fuck your cunt like the slut you are!"  David had
picked up his pace and was really pounding in and out of her
mouth now.  his heavy balls slapped against her eyes.  "Won't be
long now."  They both thought together.
     Tammy followed orders, jamming three fingers in and out of
herself, matching David's rhythm.  With her other hand still
holding her panties, she used that thumb to rub her swollen
clitoris.  "What a show I'm giving him."  She thought to herself,
still trying to convince herself that she was not really about to
cum.  Soon however, her body began to betray her.  Loud moaning
escaped around David's cock and Tammy's stomach began to spasm.  
     Seeing that his captive slut was going to orgasm soon, David
let lose a stream of degrading talk designed to forever ingrain
verbal humiliation into her brain as a cause of sexual climax.
From this day forward, Tammy would cum whenever anyone called her
filthy names.  
     "That's it" he bellowed.  "Little slut can't get enough cock
down her throat.  Work those fingers in you rich little cunt,
just dreaming of gang fucking dozens of men, drinking gallons of
cum.  Fuck that sloppy nigger fucked cunt for me, you are nothing
but my cum toilet now, and you love it don't you.  It makes you
cum just thinking about me spraying your pretty little model's
face with dirty sperm.  Think you'll make a good model after I
have the staff all cum on that rich bitch face."  As David
screamed insults at her, Tammy felt her mind begin to reel, the
first waves of multiple climax began to hit her body.  From the
corner of her eye, she could see Migues standing a few feet away,
watching her, smiling at her.
     "This is it."  She thought, "I can't stop. Oh daddy, I'm
sorry."
     Tammy's body thrust up off the table, just as David pulled
his cock from her throat and jerked it off. The pain it caused
upon withdrawal added to her screams of pleasure which now
escaped from the young blonde's mouth.  All over the county club
grounds her cries of lust could be heard.  A smile could be found
on the faces of all the workers who heard that bitch Tammy
Douglas cry out..
     David's verbal abuse did not stop as his cock exploded onto
Tammy's face, but she could not make any of it out.  Her head was
exploding with passion along with her pussy which was still
spasming, well into its third orgasm and showing no signs of
slowing down.  She had three fingers from each hand inside of
herself now, dying to coax out all the climaxes she had in her. 
She could feel David begin to spray her face and instinctively
opened wide and extended her tongue, catching a stream of his
seed in her mouth and gobbling it up.  Mindlessly, her mouth
sought out the pumping jizz gusher and she locked her lips over
it, swallowing spurts of cream as if it were life blood.
     David's orgasm almost knocked him off his feet.  He exploded
all over Tammy's face as he degraded her with his words. 
Somehow, he doubted if she was hearing him anymore, her body was
twisting and writhing around as she came like he'd never seen any
woman cum before.  To his delight, she caught his spurting cock
in her mouth and sucked the rest of the cum out, actually milking
more out of his draining balls.  David finally fell backwards
into a chair and watched as Tammy rode out the final few minutes
of her awesome series of orgasms.  She finally collapsed on the
table her chest rising and falling, out of breath.  She was a
mess.  The beautiful daughter of a rich man was now sweating like
a pig with her hands up her slimly cunt and a ton of white sticky
cum all over her face and dripping from her whore's mouth.  David
grabbed his brandy from Miguel, pleased with Tammy's first
lesson.  Tammy lay still, exhausted and ashamed from her
incredible orgasm, loving the taste of Mr. Lee's cum in her mouth
and still pumping slowly in her pussy.  Miguel, the quiet kitchen
help smiled silently as he began to plan his own revenge on the
white bitch who had so often insulted he and the other staff
members.  
     All three of them were unaware of the pair of eyes who had
seen the whole thing.....and the evil smile that went along with
them.

Continued soon.............


========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: REPOST: Turning the Tables on Tammy 5/5
From: rogerptipe@aol.com (Rogerptipe)
Date: 27 Jun 1995 02:32:07 -0400


**************************************
***********************************************************
WARNING-WARNING-WARNING-WARNING-WARNING

This story contains descriptive scenes of sex, some non
consentual,
and is intened as ADULT entertainment.  If this sorr of material 
offends you or you are under age.  DON'T READ ANY FURTHER
OR DOWNLOAD.

By the way, the story is FICTION!!!!! The author does not condone
the below activites....it's a story for God's sake get over it.

As always, comment or suggestions are welcome on
alt.sex.stories.d
or EMail.

Let me know if I should continue.....This is the end of this
part, any ideas for the continuing adventures of little Tammy?

Enjoy........

Roger P. Tipe






             TURNING THE TABLES ON TAMMY- PART FIVE

                          CHAPTER EIGHT

     Tammy's mind raced as the strange cock buried itself between
her sweet thighs.  She couldn't even be sure which of the workers
was fucking her.  Judging from the rough, callused hands that dug
into her hips and buttocks, Tammy guessed it was one of the
grounds keepers.  Whoever it was, he wasted no time, and why not?
 There was no need for any foreplay or romance.  Tammy's young
pussy was exposed and available to him.  It was just like when he
and the other workers would get paid and run straight to Rosa. 
Each one throwing down the twenty dollars and hoping he got in
before she got too sloppy.  Only, this was better.  This bitch
wasn't costing him any money at all.  Besides, she was young,
thin and pretty, unlike Rosa who was old enough to be his mother
and more than just a little bit overweight.  "Also" he thought.
"This cunt is fresh and tight, not all worn out like Rosa's." 
The worker, who was about Tammy's age, almost felt sorry for her
having to suck that nasty whore's pussy, but before his sympathy
could get too strong, he felt a familiar burning in his loins.
     Mr. Lee had told them not to hold back, to go ahead and cum
in her no matter what she said.  The young man smiled, thinking
to himself that he was very glad to be the first one of the group
to slime her tight slit.  By the time they were all finished, the
bitchy Miss Douglas was going to be one stretched out, messy
cunt.  He chuckled aloud as his cock swelled and shot its cream
deep inside Tammy's writhing body.  It felt to so warm and tight
inside, but the young worker had no time to enjoy it, as he was
shoved aside by the next in line.
     Tammy cursed herself again for being so careless.  She had
almost let her daddy discover the pills and had been so stupid
and scared that she quit them.  Not, as the first man shot off
into her, she found herself ashamed that she loved the feeling of
his hot juices exploding inside her.  Even as she trembled in
fear of what his seed might be doing to her unprotected womb,
Tammy's pussy was tingling and her clit began to throb
uncontrollably.
     No time to worry about that though, as the first cock was
removed almost before it had stopped shooting, only to replaced
by a second.  Once again, Tammy was penetrated roughly from
behind with no thought for foreplay.  This time it was a slightly
bigger cock that was shoved into her sloppy wet pussy.  Tammy
knew that there were seven men there, plus Mr. Lee and Miguel,
all waiting their turn to fuck her vulnerable pussy.  The thought
made her clit tingle a bit as she sucked even harder on Rosa's
big, outer pussy lips.  The whore was cumming again and Tammy
dutifully lapped it up like a good girl while she got fucked fast
and hard from behind.
     David and Miguel stood next to each other watching as Tammy
was getting drilled from behind.  She had adjusted to her mission
well and was driving Rosa crazy with her hot tongue.  The
overweight whore's eyes were glazed over and sweat poured off her
rotund body.  All the while the second worker was slamming into
the beautiful young rich bitch, slapping his hips against her
sweet ass.  The others were lined up, pants down, stroking their
cocks, just waiting for their turn.
     As yet another orgasm ripped through Rosa's body, she fell
back onto the table.  What had started out as a torment for Tammy
had turned into the best release Rosa had felt in some time. 
This stuck up little bitch was a first class pussy eater.  She
hoped Mr. Lee had been serious when he promised to have Tammy
clean Rosa out whenever she needed it.  As the whore lay shaking,
she thought about letting the guys fuck her for free, just so
Tammy would have to suck her out more often.
     Seeing that Rosa was tired out, David motioned for the older
woman to step away and have the first worker replace her.  "Got
to get him hard again for round two my dear."  he mocked with a
laugh.
     Tammy was too busy gasping for air to even protest as the
young grounds keeper took Rosa's place on the table, using his
hands to shove her face down to his limp, cum soaked prick.  As
her head was shoved down, Tammy caught a glimpse of the owner of
the slimy dick.  She was shocked to see that is was the boy about
her own age.  Tammy was used to boys her own age doing her
bidding, happy just to be seen with someone as beautiful and as
classy as she was.  Yet, here was this lowly lawn cutter shoving
her pretty face rudely into his crotch, after carelessly dumping
his load of cream into her pussy.
     She could taste his spunk mixed with the familiar taste of
her own pussy as she slipped the already rising member between
her lips.  Just as she did, a second flood of cum filled her
cunt.  Once again, the spent cock was immediately replaced by a
fresh, hard one.  Tammy's pussy was beginning to ache.  Less in
pain than in frustration.  She had been fucked hard by two cocks,
but neither invader had given her release.  She needed her clit
played with in order to cum and these men had no interest in what
made her feel good.  They were getting what they wanted.  To
them, she was a whore, better than that, a beautiful piece of
fresh young fuck meat.  Still, Tammy knew that she needed
release.  The problem was what to do about it.  If she reached
back to touch her burning clit, her arousal would be obvious to
everyone.  The shame of showing them that being treated like a
piece for their pleasure would be tremendous.  What to do?
     Trying to ignore the yearning between her thighs, Tammy put
all her efforts into sucking the boy's cock, taking its full
length down her throat, to the base, making him moan loudly and
throb in her expert young cock sucking mouth.  Seeing that the
eager boy was close to another cum, David began the verbal
assault again.  "Go ahead boy, cum in her mouth.  She loves it. 
We don't want too much of your sperm in her anyway.  Be much
better to send her back to daddy with an older man's baby."
     The words stung Tammy again as cock number three exploded
deep inside of her.  These men were wasting no time trying to
hold back.  As he puled out and was replaced by another, Tammy
felt warm cum leak out of her pussy and dribble down her shapely,
tanned thighs.  The others laughed as the next prick was shoved
into her. "Plug it up."  They teased. "Don't want to waste any
baby making juices."
     "Three down, four to go."  Thought David to himself.  For a
brief moment, he even considered getting some for himself, but he
really didn't want to share her sloppy cunt with the lowly club
help.  Besides, today he wanted Tammy to go home knowing that if
she was pregnant, the baby would be Mexican.  He wanted her to
lose sleep over it, to feel the shame and humiliation for the
next weeks until her period came....If it did.
     The fourth dick was much bigger than the others and Tammy
let out an immediate cry of surprise.  The long thick cock filled
her dripping slit up nicely, making her even hotter.  She knew
she would have to climax soon or burst.  As the cock hit bottom
on every stroke, Tammy could feel the one in her mouth beginning
to surge and throb.  The boy grabbed her by the back of the hair
to hold her in place as jets of thick cream spewed into her
mouth.  Unable to pull back, Tammy had no choice  but to gulp
down as much of his fuck juice as she could, while the excess
dribbled out around his cock and down her chin.
     Tammy's own body betrayed her.  The familiar taste of cum in
her mouth sent chills down her back and her pussy flooded itself.
Her clit throbbed and begged for attention as the large dick
hammered her from behind. Before she could think, Tammy felt her
hand reach down to give herself much needed relief.
     "Look at her."  cried one of the men.  "She loves it."
     David agreed.  "What a slut.  I guess daddy's money and all
that private school education didn't cure you of your desire to
fuck any cock you can find.  Won't your parents be so proud of
you when they meet their little brown grandchild and you explain
to them why you don't know who the father is"  His harsh words
and cruel laugher snapped Tammy back to reality, but it was too
late.
     "Grab her arms." she heard David yell, and in an instant,
Tammy was flipped over onto her back on the table with her arms
stretched out over her head.  The owner of the big prick
positioned himself again between her legs and continued his
assault, as another freshly fucked fuck was shoved into her mouth
     So it continued, one cock fucking her pussy, another in her
mouth as the men help Tammy down.  Their goal was to impregnate
the little bitch, and each one planted at least two loads of
steaming cum into her pussy.  All the while, David taunted her. 
In the new position, Tammy could get just enough clitoral
stimulation to cum time and time again, losing herself in a wash
of pleasure and humiliation.
     By the time the men were finished, Tammy lay exhausted on
the table.  She could not even move.  Her pussy ached and oozed
cum like a river.  Her hair hurt from being pulled, her tits were
bruised from the rough hands of the workers.  Her face and hair
were caked with half dried cum.  No longer did she look like a
beautiful model, rather she looked like a hose beast who had been
drown in cum.  AS she lay there half unconscious, David dismissed
the workers, leaving him alone with poor little Tammy.
     She was too tired to speak, but David paced around,
lecturing her. "I know your will is strong.  We have not broken
you yet.  You will go home and think of betraying me.  Well,
remember, I have the tape and I will show it to anyone I can
find.  I may one day give you up, but until then you are mine to
do with as I wish.  To show you that I am not all bad, I am
giving you a job.  You will report to work tomorrow at seven AM
sharp.  Don't be late."
     With that he was gone.  She couldn't work for him, could
she?  What would daddy say?  What choice did she have?  None, and
she knew it.

THE END

Coming soon......... Tammy Goes to Work and Wendy's Revenge.
     
     


========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: REPOST: Turning the Tables on Tammy 4/5
From: rogerptipe@aol.com (Rogerptipe)
Date: 27 Jun 1995 02:32:07 -0400


**************************************
***********************************************************
WARNING-WARNING-WARNING-WARNING-WARNING

This story contains descriptive scenes of sex, some non
consentual,
and is intened as ADULT entertainment.  If this sorr of material 
offends you or you are under age.  DON'T READ ANY FURTHER
OR DOWNLOAD.

By the way, the story is FICTION!!!!! The author does not condone
the below activites....it's a story for God's sake get over it.

As always, comment or suggestions are welcome on
alt.sex.stories.d
or EMail.

Let me know if I should continue.....

Enjoy........

Roger P. Tipe

              TURNING THE TABLES ON TAMMY PART FOUR


                           CHAPTER SIX

     Wendy Lee had gone to the club certain that she would find
her father having an affair with Tammy Douglas.  That would fit. 
She had know that her father had seen women on the side, and
sleeping with a married man would be just Tammy's style. 
Admittedly, Wendy did not have much of a plan as to what she was
going to do, but it was no accident she had brought along a .22
caliber handgun she had found  in her mother's dresser drawer. 
"Which one am I going to use this on?" She found herself thinking
as she pulled into the club's long driveway.
     Once at the club, she had waited for Tammy to arrive, then
followed her to the main meeting hall.  Deciding to get a closer
look, Wendy sneaked around outside to a large window where she
could watch without being discovered.  The large hedge around the
building gave her a perfect hiding place.  Her heart broke when
she was her father was waiting for Tammy.  Even though she had
her suspicions about his extra marital affairs, seeing it was
almost too much for her to bear.  "Well" she thought "That bitch
won't soon forget fucking around with my family."  Her hand began
absentmindedly stroking the cold gun in her hand.
     For whatever reason, Wendy stood outside watching the scene
unfold.  To her surprise, Tammy seemed less than receptive to her
father.  Their words were somewhat muffled, but it was clearly
not exactly as she had first thought.  To her shock, her father
brought in a TV set.  Wendy almost collapsed when she was Tammy
fucking on the screen.  "That little slut." Wendy thought to
herself.  "Isn't that just like her." Wendy had heard all the
stories about Tammy in high school and was one of the few who
believed every single one of them.  
     As she watched, Wendy leaned closer to the glass, straining
to hear what was going on inside.  Before too long, it became
apparent.  her father was not having an affair with Tammy.  No,
he was blackmailing the little cunt.  Suddenly, she wasn't angry
with her father.  In fact, she smiled broadly at just how devious
he was.  All the years of suffering Mr. Douglas had caused her
family was all going to come down on little Tammy.  What could be
more perfect.
     Wendy wasn't thrilled by the idea of watching her father
have sex, she had always found the idea of her parents doing it
as rather sick.  However, the lure of seeing any man dominate the
former prom queen, cheerleader, perfect girl was just too much to
resist.  It was like every fantasy she had ever had.  The
beautiful model, most popular girl who had teased her and made
sure she had no friends was now being forced to suck off her
father.  It gave Wendy such perverse pleasure to hear Tammy moan
and cry while her much older dad shoved his stiff prick down her
throat.
     Wendy's hand slipped down between her thighs as her father
laid Tammy on the table.  Prone and helpless, the one time home
coming queen of her school was reduced to a slobbering hole for
men to fuck and disregard like so much chewed tobacco.  Any man,
it appeared, since Miguel had come and gone with not a word of
objection.  The sights of Tammy's spread thighs and her fingers
furiously fucking her pussy were so erotic to Wendy.  So many
nights, the chubby girl had done the same thing to her own tight
little hole.
     Too turned on to stop, Wendy undid her shorts and pulled
them down around her thick thighs.  She pulled aside her sopping
wet panties to gain access to her burning cunt.  She began to
finger herself in the same increasingly rapid rhythm as Tammy. 
Not satisfied with that, Wendy let the cold steel of the pistol
rub along her slit, slipping the barrel up inside herself like an
obscene dildo, bringing herself to orgasm at the same time that
daddy's new whore was getting off and being showered in cum. 
Afraid that her muffled cries of lust would alert them to her
presence, Wendy pulled up her shorts and left quickly.  There
would be plenty of time for her to use daddy's new toy for
herself later.  "Besides"  she thought "daddy's revenge lacks
imagination."  Laughing, Wendy sped off, she had much planning to
do. 

                          CHAPTER SEVEN

     It took Tammy several minutes to catch her breath after her
tremendous orgasm.  She felt like she had exploded.  Her hands
were soaked, her legs weak, her clit throbbed, her throat ached
and perhaps most of all, her heart wept, for deep inside, she had
loved the way Mr. Lee had just treated her.
     David Lee sat back in his chair, trying to regain his
composure.  he hadn't cum like that in years.  Normally, after
shooting his wad, it took a while before David was ready to go
again, but this time his cock was already rising again, just
seconds after its eruption.  The mere thought of the things he
had in store for Tammy had his pole up and throbbing in record
time.
     Wanting to take advantage of Tammy before she had time to
think, David rose and took his drink from Miguel.  The two men
leered at Tammy who still lay on her back, panties held aside by
her hand.  "What do you think Miguel?" David asked menacingly.
     "Oh yes, I believe she will do nicely."  replied the other
man.
     "Good, they deserve a bonus for all they have endured.  Go
and get them." David ordered.  Without a word, Miguel was gone.
     "What does he mean, get them?"  thought Tammy outloud,
snapping out of her semi euphoric state of post orgasmic bliss. 
Gathering her wits a bit, Tammy attempted to make a stand against
her tormentor.  She whirled around and made a dash for the door. 
David had figured Tammy wasn't broken yet.  Oh no, she was used
to getting her way and would not be so quick to give up to the
inevitable punishment that lie ahead.  Tammy hadn't taken her
second step for the freedom before David shot out his leg in
front of her, sending the girl sprawling flat on her face to the
floor, knocking the wind out of her.  David chuckled, looking
down on his prone captive as she choked and gasped for her lost
breath.  Sprawled out in front of him, she was even more
desirable.  He moved swiftly to her side, grabbing a handful of
her hair and pulled her to her feet.
     "You aren't going anywhere just yet my lieelt pet."  He
mocked, shoving her back into a chair.  "You have a lot of
payback still."
     "What do you mean?" she asked, c onfused. "I did what you
asked.  You promised."
     "Shut up you stupid little bitch.  I told you this was just
the beginning.  It's time you learned a little respect.  You
haven't been the nicest little lady to the help around here, so
when word got out about our little game, the kitchen and grounds
staff here at the club started lining up for their shot at your
precious body.  They have put up with a lot of shit from you over
the years, and as a bonus, I am going to let them have you."
     "NOOOOOOOOO"  Tammy cried, terrified at the idea of all
those filthy hands on her, taking advantage of her soft white
skin and tender young pussy.  "You can't do this to me."  She was
again sobbing aloud.
     "When are you going to realize that I can do whatever the
fuck I want to with you.  I own you now Tammy.  You are my whore,
to do with as I please.  If I say suck my cock you will do it and
like it.  It I say fuck the kitchen help, you will do it with a
smile.  Plus....."  His words were cut off as the door opened and
Miguel came back in, this time with friends.  Three other members
from the kitchen staff and four of the groundskeepers followed
him, along with one of the waitresses.  Tammy started to scream,
but shut up when David's hand slapped down herd next to her on
the chair.  
     "These are the one's who have worked the hardest sir."  Said
Miguel.  "They are the ones I recommend for the bonus."
     "Very good Miguel.  These all look like fine strapping young
lads, but what of the senorita?  asked David.
     Miguel smiled broadly.  "Rosa, works in the dining area
mister Lee.  Miss Douglas has never spared her a cruel comment or
a dirty look."
     "Is this true Rosa?"  asked David.
     Tammy's head fell in shame.  It was true, she had often made
rude remarks to Rosa, believing that the woman couldn't hear or
couldn't understand her insults.
     "Jess sir"  she responded in a heavy accent. "De leetle
bitch she says to me what a cheap whore, or stupid wetback slut
blows de staff for a dollar."
     One of the workers laughed "But it's true Rosa."  he
giggled.
     Miguel continued.  "Well, sir, it is true, Rosa is the
staffs favorite entertainment.  She does provide sexual services
to all of the staff here for a small fee, but it is only to feed
her children."
     David turned to Tammy.  "You see, you stupid little cunt,
Rosa has to work to feed her family.  You wouldn't understand
that because you have never worked a day in your worthless life. 
However, I believe Rosa has much to teach you."  He turned to
Rosa.  "Dear, have you been busy today?"  David knew the answer,
it was another part of the plan.
     "Jes sir, I have fucked ten men dis morning. Dey all came in
my pussy."  she responded.
     "Well then," continued David. "I believe you need to have
some relief.  Since Tammy is a cum sucking little tramp, I think
she can clean out your dirty whore's pussy really well."  
     "God no." Tammy cried and leapt to her feet in an attempt to
escape.  The men blocked her way and threw her back onto her
chair.  David was on her instantly, grabbing her chin and pulling
her face close to his. "Listen you little cooze, you have two
choices.  One, you can cooperate and maybe I don't show the tape,
or two, you fight, you fight, these men rape you and I show the
tape to daddy.  You decide."  She couldn't say the words, but
Tammy's eyes dropped, giving David the answer he wanted.  He
stood and addressed the small group.
     "Gentleman and lady, you have worked very hard for the
enjoyment of the club's members.  Along the way, this worthless
piece of white trash had not treated you with any respect.  Now
as a reward for hard work and tolerance, I am giving her to you. 
She is yours to do with as you please.  I ask only that you allow
her slutty mouth to first occupy itself with the task of sucking
all the cum from Rosa's pussy."  David stepped aside.  "Miguel,
you will stay also."
     Miguel bowed slightly to the other man, then took over.  He
approached Tammy and stood her up for the others to examine.  He
looked her up and down for a long moment, then turned to David.
"Sir, if I may pass on this opportunity.  You see, I love my wife
and to insult her womanhood by entering this common street whore
would defile our wedding vows."  He spat at Tammy's feet and
stepped away, standing next to David, who had to fight back the
laugher at the theatrics of it all.  Miguel's wife was three
hundred pounds of frightening woman.  The real reason he couldn't
fuck Tammy was that he had just dropped two loads of cum into
Rosa that Tammy would soon be tasting.
     Tammy felt her face turn red with shame at the situation. 
This glorified waiter was turning her down not out of goodness or
decency, but because he deemed her unworthy of soiling his vows. 
Tears washed her eyes again as the others closed in around her.
The seven men formed a tight circled around her and began to
roughly remove her expensive clothing, careful to rip each piece
at every opportunity.  Tammy thought of struggling at first, but
a short glare from David, who turned the video back on as a
reminder, shut Tammy up quickly.  When she was down to her bra
and panties, the men parted, allowing Rosa to stroll up to Tammy.
The Mexican woman was about ten years older than Tammy, but
looked closer to forty than twenty nine.  She had lived a hard
life and already had seven children.  She only took the minimum
wag job at the club because it made it easy for her to pick up
whoring money on the side.  A rather large woman, Rosa looked
like she could crush the rich teen between her strong thighs.  
     Rosa had done as instructed this morning.  She had let ten
men fuck her and cum inside of her, something she never did, then
left their seed in her pussy and did not shower.  David had
wanted the smell of sex to be all over the older woman.  That,
plus the kitchen and sweat smell were strong on the woman as she
stood looking Tammy up and down.  Finally she gave Tammy her
first of many orders.  "Take my clothes off."  she said sternly.
     When she turned around, Rosa felt Tammy's shaking fingers
pull down the zipper at the back of her uniform.  With a shrug of
her shoulders, Rosa was naked, except for a tightly stretched
pair of panties.  Rosa propped her full frame onto the edge of
the table, with her legs dangling, the visibly wet crotch of her
panties at the edge, and leaned back.  "Well" she snorted.  "Get
to work cleaning me out.  I have more customers to get to."
     Tammy tried to step back, but strong hands held her in
place.  There was no way she was going to escape.  Even if she
could, Mr. Lee would show the tape to her father, and then she
would be in deep shit.  "How bad can it be?" thought Tammy.  It
wasn't like she had never gone down on a woman before.  To her
horror, Tammy soon saw how bad it could be.  As Rosa pulled off
her panties, Tammy got a look at the prostitute's pussy.  To this
point, Tammy had been with maybe a dozen women, all of them fresh
young girls like her who were beautiful and perfectly clean. 
This was not the case with Rosa however.  The wetness on her
panties had not been from her own juices entirely, but rather
from leakage.  All the creamy loads that had been recently dumped
into her pussy were now leaking out, making a mess of her dark,
hairy lips.  There was half dried cum stuck to the lips, to the
thick bush, it looked a mess.  Tammy's stomach turned.
     "You should get used to a pussy like that dear"  mocked
David. "Once you take over for Rosa as the staff whore, your own
sweet young pussy will soon look just like that."
     Rosa laughed evily and spread her legs, allowing even more
cum to drip from between her legs. "Hurry up. I don't have all
day."  She barked.  Like the others, Rosa was enjoying Tammy's
torment a great deal.  She felt  strong hands on her hips,
holding her in place, while other hands pushed her over at the
waist so that her face was on the same level as Rosa's oozing
slit.  The men around her cackled and shouted out encouragement,
as Tammy felt herself being pushed slowly between the large
woman's parted thighs.  
     "This is it." Tammy thought, closing her eyes as her nose
caught the first whiffs of the scent of an aroused pussy, sweat,
kitchen grime and a dozen or so semen deposits.  Fighting back
the urge to gag, Tammy  felt her nose bump the woman's bulging
lower stomach.  "God" she thought. "I hope I don't ever want to
get pregnant.  I'll have to start using the pill before....."
     There was no time to think about that, though as one of the
men shoved Tammy's ass forward, forcing her face deep into Rosa's
crotch.  The smell was overwhelming, but it was nothing compared
to the taste.  Normally, Tammy love the sweet taste of pussy, and
the strong manly taste of cum, but in Rosa, there was not the
familiar fresh taste.  Instead it was as if she had not washed in
days, and the cum had dried and curdled into sour lumps that
stuck to Tammy's face.  "She has her moth closed." Rosa grumbled.
     David stepped in closer and turned Tammy's to face him. "Now
dear, you have a job here.  Since you are not quite ready to be a
full fledged whore yet, we have to put you to good use.  For now,
your job is to clean out Rosa, and make her nice and fresh.  Sort
of a human douche." with that, he shoved Tammy's face back to
Rosa's pussy.  "Now lick!"
     Tammy reluctantly opened her mouth and began to tongue
Rosa'a gaping slit.  The strong taste of cum and the older
woman's now flowing juices filled her taste buds.  There was so
much in there, in her stretched pussy, as if a hundred men had
dumped thier seed into her, and now it was up to Tammy to lick
each of them out and swallow.  When she thought of those dirty,
grimy men who had paid their twenty bucks to pump Rosa, she felt
the shame well up inside her.  Now, some of those same men were
watching hersuck the seed from her womb for free.  Mindlessly
licking Rosa and ingesting cum like it was candy.  As the while,
they leered at her.  The rich little bitch who was too good to so
much as give them the time of day, was not sucking their cum from
a whore's snatch.  Deep inside of her, Tammy knew that she would
be their next whore. To her shame, that thought made her pussy
twitch and made her dive in and suck with new enthusiasm.
     As Tammy licked, the other men stood around shouting and
cheering her on.  One of them  grabbed the side of Tammy's
panties and tore them off with one strong rip.  He then spread
her legs, leaving her wobbling on her heels.  They stepped back
and examined the fine specimen.  Her beautiful long legs spread
wide.  Her nice round ass, naked and exposed for them all to
enjoy.  Even her pussy lips were visible from this angle.  The
puffy, swollen lips were dripping with her own arousal.  "They
can all see" she thought in horror.  "They can see how wet I am,
and how hot this all makes me.  It's so degrading."  Then Tammy
could feel hands on her legs, running up and down the length of
them.  How often had they seen her lying by the pool rubbing
suntan oil on those perfect long legs, and how they had received
such dirty looks for so much as looking before.  No more of that
treatment.  Mr. Lee had promised them that Tammy would be their
plaything for as long as they wanted.  
     Tammy continued to suck streams of half dried cum out of
Rosa.  There seemed to be a never-ending supply of the strong
bitter goo.  She was swallowing more and more of it, knowing that
if she did not do as she was told, there could be much worse
punishments in store for her. By now, Rosa was moaning and
writhing on the table, her own excitement growing towards a
climax.  Tammy felt her face squeezed tightly between her giant
thighs and her face shoved deeper by chubby hands.  In Rosa's
job, there was little time to enjoy herself, time was money after
all.  Now she was getting a first class tongue job but that
prissy young miss who could be so cruel to the help. "Not so
proper now are you?"  she squealed as her body spasmed in an as
intense an orgasm  as she had ever had.  Tammy lapped up the
flowing juices from the whore's spamsing pussy, actually enjoying
the freshe new taste coming from Rosa.  She slowed as Rosa
finally stopped cumming, thinking that her torment might be
ending as well.  No such luck however, as Rosa clamed down again
on her head.  "Don't stop little miss. I need a lot more work to
relax these tired bones.  Plus some of today's Johns did me in my
ass, I think it needs to be cleaned up too."
     Tammy had little time to even consider this horror, however,
as she felt one of the worker's hard pricks rub against her inner
thigh.  It was hot and bare, sending Tammy into a new panic.  She
had stopped taking the pill three months ago when her father had
almost caught her with it.  Now she relied on a diaphragm and
condoms to keep her safe.  Since she had come for a tribute to
daddy, she had not inserted her diaphragm, and it was clear this
brute did not have a condom.  
     She turned to David. "Please no." she cried. "I don't have
any protection.  Make them wear a rubber or something so I don't
get pregn...."
     Her cries were cut off as Rosa shoved her face back into her
crotch.  David's voice boomed in Tammy's ears.  "You should have
thought of that before slut.  A good whore is always prepared. 
These men deserve a bonus and that means fucking your pussy bare.
Whatever happens, happens."
     Rosa half whispered down to Tammy. "Won't daddy be pleased
when you bring home a leetle brown bambino for heem?"  The
thought nearly drove Tammy crazy as she felt the first hard cock
press against her tight pussy lips.
"


