
                      TAMMY AT WORK- PART 1 & PART 2

     Tears streamed down Tammy's face as she drove home.  Her
terrible ordeal at the Country Club had left her humiliated,
sore, deathly afraid and more pissed off than she had ever been
during her young life.  There just had to be a way out of this
mess.  She was not a stupid girl.  David Lee's little gang rape,
which may have left her impregnated with a Mexican baby, was just
the beginning.  That much she knew.  There was no telling what
David might have in store for her if she were to follow his
orders and come to work for him.  The thought of being forced to
be his sex  slave made Tammy's stomach turn, and for the third
time on her way home, she pulled the car over to the side of the
road and vomited..  
     That seemed to help her gather her wits a bit.  There really
was not way out.  David Lee had the tape of Tammy and would use
it against her in a heartbeat.  One look at that tape and Tammy's
father would kick her out of the house and never speak to her
again.  Not to mention what it would do to her entire family. 
Their good name would be ruined.  Her only choice was to go along
with David's plan to manipulate her until she could find some way
to turn it around on him.  The idea of being that bastard's sex
slave was not at all pleasant, but neither was the alternative. 
Besides, he would want to keep her on a short leash and that
would allow Tammy to search for weaknesses.  Revenge was running
a close second to self preservation on her list of  reasons for
going along with his plan.
     Convincing her father to allow her to take a job with his
chief competitor was actually easier than Tammy had feared. 
After his initial explosion, Mr. Douglas calmed down rather
quickly. Just one mention for Tammy about the advantages of
having someone close to Lee to monitor his maneuvers, got Tammy's
father's mind racing with possibilities.  Both companies were
going after a small computer software firm and Douglas
desperately wanted to gain the upper hand. In his mind, he
assumed that this was Lee's intention in offering the job to his
daughter..  Lee obviously hoped to get some inside dirt himself,
not realizing that Douglas' innocent looking daughter was herself
learning the wicked ways of cooperate America.
     In the end, Mr. Douglas kissed his daughter on the forehead,
secretly proud of how she was growing up to be quite a ruthless
little business woman.  The future of Douglas Enterprises looked
exceptionally bright.

                               II

     Mrs. Lee did not so much as notice her husband's pleasant
demeanor at the breakfast table.  She sat picking at her food
thinking that the sooner he left, the soon she could wash down a
couple of valium with some bourbon.  Their daughter Wendy,
however was very aware of her father's cheerful smirk as she
picked at her omelet.  Having seen her father's little game with
that stuck up cunt Tammy Douglas, Wendy knew exactly why he was
smiling.  Daddy had himself a new toy, a young pretty one at
that.
     She had seen the tape that her father was using to hold
Tammy captive.  Had even seen where he had hidden a copy.  As
soon as he was gone and her mother was safely intoxicated beyond
conciseness, Wendy would have the tape in her hands.  Her father
had always said that knowledge was power.  A wicked grin crossed
Wendy's thin lips at the thought of the amount of power her
knowledge would give her.  Tammy Douglas was going to have to pay
for all the years of teasing and harassment she and people like
her had given to Wendy.  Oh was that little bitch going to pay.
     David Lee could hardly wait to get to the office.  He had
such plans for his newest toy.  His cock was raging at the
thought of the depraved things he was going to make the prim and
proper daughter of his biggest rival do.  Before he was finished,
that private school educated little debutante would be little
more than a common street whore.  Oh what fun it would be to see
the look on her father's face as the entire town laughed at her. 
He was bursting to have his cock inside of Tammy's sweet pussy. 
It would take a great deal of control for him not to fuck her
right away, but David knew that if he did that, he would be
taking it far too easy on the little bitch.  His plans were to
completely abuse and humiliate the young model.  when he was
finished with her, she would be a complete mess and the Douglas
family fortune would be in his hands.  David chuckled wickedly at
his plans.  This was going to be so much fun.
     As per his usual routine, David Lee met first with Lee
Industries Chief of Operations, Stephanie Hughes.  Ms. Huhges had
been with the company for twelve years, had clawed her way to the
top through sheer will and stop at nothing attitude.  While she
had shared David's bed many years earlier, he was quick to
realize that her value to the company lie not between the sheets,
but in the boardroom.  Still, she was an attractive woman, and
still caused David some distractions...on most days, but not
today.  Stephanie curiously raised an eyebrow upon recognizing
the name of Mr. Lee's new hire.  She listened intently to his
instructions as to her training regimen.  Working for a man like
David Lee for a dozen years had taught Stephanie never to be too
surprised, but this seemed to be rather risky.  Still, the
thought of supervising the daughter of a rival like this was
enough to get the usually hard nosed businesswoman boiling with
delight and passion.
     Their meeting finished, Mr. Lee sat at his desk, waiting for
Tammy's arrival.  He would be greeting her personally each
morning.  Stephanie took her leave and decided to take a few
moments to "check up on things down in the mailroom."  This
routine task could easily have been handled by a subordinate, but
Stephanie Hughes had her own reasons for keeping a close eye on
things in the mailroom.  David smiled knowingly at her less than
discreet motives.
     Stephanie had been making every possible excuse to run down
to the mailroom and check on Woody Turner, the newly promoted
head of the mailroom.  Fourteen years her junior, the twenty year
old was the picture of masculine perfection, tall, well built
with dark hair and piercing  eyes.  Woody had left college early
when a blown knee ended his football career, voiding his
scholarship.  He had returned home not the conquering hero, but
as a bit of a failure.  Woody had been very fortunate to have
landed the job with Lee Industries, but since taking the job, he
had shown great aptitude and desire to advance.
     The younger man had thus far shown no interest in
Stephanie's flirtations, but she was not at all worried.  Working
for a man like David Lee had taught her many things.  Among them,
that eventually, everyone must pay the toll to move up the
ladder.  She had plans to personally collect many a nights
pleasure from the young stud before letting him climb any higher.

                               III
     Tammy arrived at precisely 8:30 AM as instructed.  She
walked confidently into Mr. Lee's office dressed in a
conservatively long skirt, long sleeved blouse and jacket.  Her
low heels rounded out a very businesslike outfit.  David had to
admit to himself that she looked quite presentable, even somewhat
formidable.  However, this outfit would never do for what he had
in mind.  She looked like a mid level executive, and David knew
that Tammy would be a good one.  Except for one thing, he had a
much lower level position for her.  Tammy Douglas would never
reach anything higher than entry level at Lee Industries, now
matter how great she looked.
     "Sit down." he order, gesturing to a chair across the desk
from him.  "You are prompt, I like that.  In fact, I demand it. 
However, your attire is much too upscale for the position I have
for you.  I know your background and schooling was priming you to
be an executive, but you'll be starting out at an entry level
position, and not a highly skilled one at that.  Here you are not
different than the high school graduates I have diligently
inputting invoices."  He smiled a bit as her confident look
faded.  "I thought you might overdress, so I took the liberty of
buying you a more appropriate outfit.  You will find it hanging
on the door.  In the future, you will come to work dressed in a
similar fashion.  He motioned towards an outfit hanging on the
back of his office door.  Tammy obediently walked over to
retrieve it.  "Put it on."  David said as she eyed the clothes. 
"Right now."
     Tammy knew that this sort of sexual abuse would be coming,
and at least if he got it over with now, she could forget about
it for the rest of the day.  She walked defiantly back over to
the desk, tossing the outfit into her chair.  Tammy was
determined to do what she had to do, but no one said she had to
enjoy herself.  Without expression, she shed her expensive
designer jacket and unbuttoned her blouse, carefully hanging both
on the hanger.  David was once again amazed at how firm her
breasts were.  As Tammy raised her arms and began to pull the
very low cut sweater on, David protested.  "I think you can do
without the bra dear."  he said matter of factly.
     She tried to hide her growing disappointment, but Tammy had
never been much of an actress.  She knew that David Lee was not
about to make it easy on her, but his plan seemed to include
putting her to work dressed like a very fashion deficient steno
poll reject.  Avoiding his leering eyes, Tammy unfastened her bra
and let it fall unceremoniously to the floor.  Her breasts barely
moved as she hurriedly raised her arms to put on the sweater. 
David let her hurry through this step of the ritual.  It would be
better to leave her some control now so that he could enjoy
taking the last of it away from her at a later time.
     The sweater, a full two sizes too small, served to
accentuate Tammy's full breasts.  "Now the skirt."  David said,
smiling.  She unzipped her skirt and let it fall.  The skirt
David had selected was a much shorter, tight stretch material. 
As this as it was, there was no way for her to wear any panties. 
Without a word, Tammy complied with David's unspoken
requirements.  She slid her black panty hose down her long legs. 
Tammy did not even pause before removing her panties as well. 
This was a pleasant surprise for David who was planning to let
Tammy wear panties for her first few days with the company.
     As Tammy struggled to pull the tight skirt over her
curvaceous hips, David leaned back in his chair, satisfied with
his feeling of utter power over this beautiful young woman.  As
she slipped her feet into the black five inch pumps he had
provided for her, he saw the last of her old self slip away, and
he was pleased.  The outfit was perfect.  It made her look like
an exceptionally cheap version of the minimum wage dolts he hired
to do the shit work and keep the low level executives happy as
they endlessly tried to fuck their way up the corporate ladder.
     Satisfied with her overall look, David motioned for her to
once again sit down in the chair.  "You will be under the direct
supervision of Stephanie Hughes and will report to me twice daily
for special assignments."  Tammy cringed at the added inflection
David gave to the word 'special.'  "The most important thing for
you to know is that you will be required to work and work hard. 
I am not going to give you a free ride no matter how often I fuck
you.  You will be watched at all times my dear, so do be careful
not to slack off."  He paused, smiling.  "And I would be careful
about who you tell people you are.  Your father's unscrupulous
business practices have, over the years, caused me to make some
rather unkind personnel moves.  You would not be very popular, so
be discreet if you know what's good for you..  Welcome aboard
Miss Douglas, and do have a pleasant day."
     Tammy sat in the chair for a moment, not sure what to do
next.  Surely this couldn't be all he had in mind.  Not after
yesterday.  At last, she stood and hesitantly began to exit.  "Oh
yes, one last thing."  Tammy's heart sank.  "You are to follow
every order given to you by Ms. Hughes as if it came from my very
own lips.  And Tammy, be here at noon, we'll have lunch."  With
that, David returned to his work and Tammy exited the office. 
Tammy walked past Mr. Lee's secretary, feeling the older woman's
icy stare on her back as she walked by in her new, all too cheap,
outfit.
     Stephanie Hughes was waiting for Tammy and grinned wickedly
at the getup David had put her in.  "Oh, you will be a big hit in
that."  She said mockingly.  Stephanie raised her hand to silence
Tammy before she could even respond.  "Now let's get you down to
work Miss Douglas.  You are already twenty minutes late."
     Tammy was led down into a crowded room filled with a dozen
or so workers, mostly young women, all sitting at computer
terminals, frantically typing away.  After a brief explanation,
Stephanie left Tammy at a computer with a huge stack of invoices
to be inputted before lunch.  Alone now, Tammy wasn't sure how to
feel.  She had graduated at the top of her class and after only
year of college, already knew more about how to run a company
than half of the executives at her father's company.  But here
she was at a computer terminal, surrounded by a bunch of high
school underachievers.  None of whom were qualified to clean her
house, let alone stare condescendingly at her as she sat typing
away.
     The work was harder than she could have imagined.  Tammy's
typing skills were decent, but the constant inputting soon had
her hands and arms aching with overwork.  The uncomfortable
clothes did little to help her situation, constantly riding up on
her thighs causing her to shift in her chair.  As lunch
approached, Tammy's to do pile was less than half finished.  The
other girls all seemed to be finished and had begun to gather
themselves up for lunch.
     Tammy pushed her chair back and started to stand when she
felt a hand on her shoulder, pushing her back down.  She heard a
female voice scold her.  "No one takes lunch until all of their
work is done.  No free rides down here, no matter who you fucked
to get this job."  Rage filled Tammy as the words hit her.  Who
was this girl?   Tammy could run this whole company with her
brains and education and here was some minimum wage tramp
implying that she, Tammy Douglas, had to sleep with someone just
to get some loser entry level position.  It was a complete
outrage.  Luckily for Tammy, Stephanie Hughes interrupted before
she could blow her cover.
     "Lunch time Miss Douglas."  She said rather gruffly.
     The other girl chimed in.  "But, Ms. Hughes, her work isn't
finished.  Policy says..."
     Stephanie cut her off.  "I know the policy Miss Siefert,
thank you.  But it seems as if Mr. Lee wants to personally
welcome our newest member to the company.  His orders state that
she is to join him immediately while one of you catches her up on
the work.  Choose the one Miss Douglas."
     Tammy stood silently, not responding.  This was way too
cruel.  How could she work with these women if they all saw her
getting special treatment, and to top it off she had to choose
which of the girls had to pull her extra weight.  The look on Ms.
Hughes' face reminded Tammy of David's orders.  Without looking
up to meet the icy stares of her coworkers, Tammy pointed to the
short, stocky blonde girl who had shoved her back into her chair.
Stephanie smiled, this was a major mistake on Tammy's part,
singling out the one girl in the group with any balls at all.  
     "All right Miss Siefert, get to work.  Miss Douglas, you
better get you ass up to the boss's office before lunch gets
cold."
     Tammy hurried out of the room, not daring to look up at the
disapproving faces on the other girls.  She knew that David would
have something degrading planned for her upstairs, but at that
point, anything had to be better than the naked hatred that the
other girls were showing her.
     
                               IV

     David was waiting in his office, sipping a martini and
smiling to himself.  It had already been a very busy morning. 
The wheels were set in motion for a very big, if risky move later
that week.  Now he was ready for a bit of relaxation.  At long
last, he was going to get to fuck Tammy Douglas.  His cock
throbbed in his trousers when he heard a weak knock on his office
door.
     "Come in."  He called.
     As Tammy entered, David was again struck by her beauty.  No
cheap outfit could alter her fin features and magnificent body. 
She was stunning, the result of very good blood lines.  This only
made his desire to defile her grow more intense.  "Sit down."  He
mumbled, still going over a pile of papers.  Tammy sat, her hands
folded in her lap, caressing the sore flesh of her palms.  A hard
half day's work was more than the little Princess was used to. 
David smiled, satisfied with how it had begun.  Without looking
up, he asked.  "Enjoying your first day?"
     Tammy grew angry.  He was mocking her.  "No."  she blurted
out, not thinking.  "How could you do that to me?  Making me
single out someone to do my extra work for me.  Do you know what
they will all think?"
     David looked up at her.  "First, my dear, never raise your
voice to me again.  Second, I don't care what they will think. 
Third, how can I do it?  Princess I own you.  I can and will do
anything I fucking please with your life.  Best get used to
that."
     Tammy suddenly found herself without comment.  She had been
able to trick herself for a while that this was just an
unpleasant job she would have to tolerate, but deep inside she
knew that for the time being, David Lee did in fact own her.  She
struggled mightily to hold back tears.  The last thing she wanted
to do want give him that satisfaction.  
     Sensing she was near the breaking point, David decided it
was time to proceed.  "Lean back. " he ordered.  "Spread your
legs like the cheap whore you are."  The days of using his power
to fuck younger women had long ago lost their appeal to David,
but this was so new and exciting.  he felt like a teen ager
discovering sexual power once again.  He had the most beautiful
young woman in town, the rich, well bred daughter of a rich and
powerful man at his mercy and he was going to her in every way.
     Tammy slid her ass to the front of the chair, spreading her
tan thighs, exposing her pussy to David.  She tried to block out
his cruel words and pretend she was at home, giving herself
pleasure.  She closed her eyes and tried to block out the horror
that had become her life.
     "Open your eyes. : David barked.  "Look at me  while you
touch yourself slut."  He wanted to see all that spirit and fight
drain from her as she  became more and more his possession.
"Touch your dirty pussy Tammy.  You know you are just dying for
release.  All that fucking yesterday must have spoiled you, all
those cock fucking you.  You came so hard we were sure you would
never stop.  Finger your pussy and pretend its my cock."
     Tammy was unable to block out the memories that he was
bringing back.  All those strange men holding her down and
fucking her mercilessly.  Just using her to fuck then dump their
loads into her tight pussy.  As her fingers stroked up and down
the length of her slit, Tammy felt the lubrication begin to flow
like a fountain.  Another small piece of her will tore away and
was lost forever.


TO BE CONTINUED.................
               TAMMY AT WORK- PART TWO

                                I

     David continued to talk to Tammy as she inserted her index
finger into her rapidly lubricating pussy.  His words slapped at
her and yet she found that she could not stop her pussy juices
from flowing more freely.   Her breathing began to shorten as he
continued.
     "You had so much fun being gang banged by the club staff,
didn't you?  You were more fun for them that old whore Rosa. 
Much younger and so much more enthusiastic.  Too bad non of them
had condoms.  I mean, who knows, you could be carrying one of
their little babies inside of you right now.  Wouldn't that make
daddy so proud of little Princess?  Won't he be so happy to see
your belly all stretched out with a little Mexican grand baby for
him and mommy?  Of course it may ruin your modeling career.  Who
wants a fat model?  don't worry though, you will still have this
job.  Think of the other girls faces as they see you coming to
work dress like that and all pregnant.  Won't they get a good
laugh?  Oh, but I guess you won't be as popular with the boys
when that tight little cunt of yours is all stretched out after
having the baby.  I guess then, the club staff will have to fuck
your ass to get their twenty dollars worth from you whore."
     Despite her best efforts to ignore him, Tammy found herself
falling into the hypnotic rhythm of David's voice.  She was now
fingering her pussy with two fingers at an increasing rate.  The
tension building in her loins was unbearable, and she knew that
she would cum soon.  David could sense this as well.  She was so
easy for him to control now.  This was a young woman so used to
having men drop at her feet, that the idea of someone taking all
her power away was actually turning her on.  He watched her face
flush as an orgasm approached.
     "Take your hands away now slut."  he barked.  When she did
not respond immediately, David slammed his fist down on the desk
and yelled. "I said stop that now you filthy slut."
     Tammy was shocked back from the brink of climax and
reluctantly pulled her fingers from her dripping pussy.  She was
shaking and out of breath, dying to let herself go over the edge
and cum.  Still trembling, she looked across at David with a
confused, pitiful, questioning look on her face.
     "Oh don't worry slut."  David mocked.  "You'll get to cum. 
That is what you want isn't whore?"
     Tammy sat silently, trying to regain her composure.  "Answer
me."  He shouted.  "Tell me you want to cum and I just might let
you."
     Reluctantly, Tammy nodded.  "Yes.  I want to cum, please let
me cum."
     A huge smile crossed David's lips.  "All right, but first, I
need some lunch."  He pressed the intercom on his desk and ten
seconds later the office door opened.  Tammy scrambled to cover
herself as a deli delivery boy walked in carrying a brown paper
sack.  The delivery boy, who looked to be about her own age,
smirked as he walked past Tammy, setting the bag onto David's
desk.  He had seen this type of low class bimbo in her before,
trying to make her way in the world the old fashioned way.
     "Thank you Jimmy."  David said.  "Put it on the company tab.
Unfortunately, I seem to be completely out of cash for a tip."
     "No problem Mr. Lee."  The young man replied, turning to
leave.
     "No Jimmy, you know that I always pride myself on being a
generous tipper.  I think that I may be able to give you
something almost as good as money.  In fact, if you would stay a
few moments, it would be a great help to me."
     Tammy's eyes opened wide and she tried to protest, but David
cut her off.  "Get back to what you were doing, slut."  He
bellowed.  Turning back to Jimmy, he said.  "You see, I have this
new toy and since I can't pay you, perhaps you would care to stay
a while and watch her show in place of a cash tip."
     "No."  Cried Tammy, tears welling up in her beautiful blue
eyes.  "You can't."
     "Poor misguided young Tammy."  David replied calmly.  "You
just keep forgetting I can do anything I please.  You were just a
few moments ago telling me how badly you needed to cum.  I, being
such a kind hearted man, was about to let you, and you treat me
with such disrespect, and in front of Jimmy no less.  I'm afraid
I can't have that kind of insubordination on my staff.  I suppose
I'll just have to let you go Ms. Douglas."
     A sparkle of hope crossed Tammy's face for the briefest of
moments.  Could he mean that he was going to just let her go and
forget this whole thing?  Was her torture actually over?  David
could almost hear her thoughts as he paused for  the slightest
moment before continuing.  "Oh course, that would mean that your
father would be receiving a certain package in the mail
containing a certain video tape."
     Jimmy watched silently, not sure what to make of the whole
scene.  however, he knew better than to comment or make for the
door.  David Lee was not one to mess with.
     "No."  whimpered Tammy, understanding again that she had no
choice but to submit to David's orders.  Without another word,
she raised her skirt up and began to slowly rub her pussy,
moaning softly at the pleasure she felt in spite of her growing
humiliation.
     "That's better pet, show Jimmy what a ripe little whore you
are.  This is how you will be spending your lunch breaks while
here at Lee Industries, showing your cunt to anyone I say, making
yourself cum like a common street tart."  Tammy's fingers worker
faster on her pussy as she desperately tried to bring herself to
orgasm before David could make her stop again.  Her breathing
increased and soon she was moaning and writhing in the chair
wildly.
     David watched Tammy carefully as he had done the day before,
sensing her approaching climax and at the last possible moment,
barking an order.  "Stop!"  he yelled so strongly that Tammy was
startled out of her rhythm.  "I didn't say you could cum yet
whore."
     Tammy moaned loudly in pain and frustration, that was twice
he had stopped her short, she felt as if her entire body might
explode if she wasn't allowed to climax.  "Please"  she panted,
rubbing her wet lips harder again.
     "I said stop it now you dirty slut." David commanded. 
"Jimmy, it seems that Miss Douglas has a problem keeping her
mouth shut.  Since this is her last chance to cum before I
dismiss her permanently, perhaps you could help her."  
     The familiar look of protest crossed Tammy's face, but David
beat her to the next line.  "Not a word bitch, or that tape goes
straight to daddy.   Now you go back to making your little pussy
cum and Jimmy will help you keep that mouth too busy to make so
much noise."  He nodded his head in Jimmy's direction and the
younger man stepped up next to Tammy.  Yes indeed, this was
better than the usual dollar tip Mr. Lee usually gave him.
     He walked over next to Tammy and began to undo his pants. 
Tammy dutifully went back to work on her pussy.  Once Jimmy had
his pants around his knees, he leaned in close and Tammy wrapped
her lips around his growing cock.  He moaned loudly as she went
to work on him, wanting to get him off as quickly as she could to
get it over with.  Tammy suspected that Jimmy had never had
someone as good at sucking cock or as pretty as she was, so it
didn't appear to be too much of a challenge.
     Tammy was right on all counts.  Although no virgin, Jimmy
had never had such a skilled pair of lips wrapped around his
cock.  He also could never have dreamed of having such a gorgeous
woman doing such things to him.  Wanting to enjoy the feelings,
but also wanting to give in to the pleasure, jimmy held off as
long as he could before groaning loudly on one of Tammy's very
deep strokes.  "I'm going to cum."  He managed weakly.
     "Go ahead."  said David.  This little slut lives to swallow
cum, shoot it into her mouth.  That way she won't even need to
eat lunch."  David laughed loudly as he watched Tammy begin to
shudder, lost in her own climax, squealing against the cock
shoved in her throat.  At the same time, Jimmy stopped thrusting
and just stood there moaning.  His whole body looked like it
might explode as he blasted cum into Tammy's mouth.  She wanted
to deny David the satisfaction of seeing her spill any of Jimmy's
seed on her dress, so Tammy swallowed as quickly as she could,
somehow managing to gulp down each and every drop of the hot
creamy fluid.
     As Jimmy withdrew his spent prick from Tammy's mouth, she
was careful to suck it clean, leaving no trace of the rather
large load Jimmy had just left in the young woman's mouth.  David
applauded both of their efforts.  He allowed Jimmy ten seconds to
pull up his jeans before dismissing him with a simple gesture. 
The grateful young man hurried out of the office, knowing that he
had a tale none of his friends would ever believe.
     Alone with Tammy, David sat silently for a few moments,
enjoying the sight of her.  Tammy's fingers still played
absent-mindedly with her clit.  "Well, my dear."  David said at
last.  "It seems we have used up almost all of your lunch break. 
I do hope Jimmy's little protein shake will be enough to hold you
over until five o'clock."  He laughed again as he stood behind
his desk.
     "Come here."  he said, motioning for her to stand and join
him.  Tammy obeyed, not bothering to fix her skirt as she walked
around behind David's desk.  He placed her on the desk, legs
spread wide as he stood between them, stroking his hard cock. 
Tammy thought for a moment of how it had felt the day before
rammed into her mouth, so thick, so rough.  She wondered if David
would be any gentler on her pussy.  Luckily for her, the
masturbation and subsequent orgasm had left her more than
adequately lubricated for almost anything he could dish out. 
Still, she winced a bit as the fat head of his prick came in
contact with her pussy lips.
     "I've waited for this moment for a very long time Tammy." 
Was all David said as he thrust forward, driving his thick cock
into her.  It's width stretched Tammy much more than her fingers
had and she groaned a bit in discomfort, trying to move away from
David's invading prick.  He grabbed her by the hips, holding her
still as he buried himself all the way inside.  Tammy silently
thanked God that David was not as long as he was wide, she might
be split in two by a cock of that size.  David's face was so
close to hers that Tammy instinctively leaned forward as if to
kiss the older man.  He pulled his face away quickly.
     "You don't think I'd kiss your whore's mouth do you?"  He
mocked.  "I mean, dearest, I may use you tight pussy as my fuck
toy, but you just swallowed that delivery boy's cum.  Never will
I soil my lips on such a sperm toilet as your mouth."  Tammy
could actually feel his cock throb and grow fatter as he
assaulted her with his cruel words.  He was getting off on being
able to do anything he wanted to this beautiful young woman who
was so used to being treated like a Princess.  His thrusts grew
more intense and Tammy had to brace herself on the desk as David
pounded away, almost knocking her over.
     "I'm going to cum in you slut.  Just like you want me to." 
An evil smile crossed Tammy's face and she tried to turn away so
as not to have to look at him.  He gripped her chin in his palm
and forced her eyes back to his.  "You know you're just praying
for me to get you pregnant aren't you slut?  That way you won't
have to explain to daddy why the little bastard child is a half
breed.  Well, slut open that womb up real wide for me because
I've got a nice big load to shoot up into that worthless cunt of
yours."
     That seemed to push David over the edge.  His eyes shut and
his body tensed visibly as he held his cock steady, buried to the
hilt inside of Tammy's pussy.  She could feel his hot cum begin
to shoot from his prick, bathing her insides in a warm wash that
was equal parts disgust and erotic pleasure.  She had always
loved the feel of a man shooting his seed deep inside of her. 
Somehow the idea that David may have been impregnating her took
away only slightly from the pleasure.
     When his prick stopped spasming, David opened his eyes and
smiled.  "Here's to good seed planting my dear."  he said with a
sneer as he pulled his softening prick from her.  He was careful
not to let too much of his thick cream leak out of her onto his
desk.  Looking at his watch, David chuckled.  "Oh dear, you are
late.  No time to clean up, what a pity.  Guess you'll just have
to leave all that cum in you until five.  Enjoy the rest of your
day."  With that, he turned away and pulled up his trousers. 
Tammy stood up carefully, trying to hold her pussy muscles tight
so as not to have a tell tale drip coming from her pussy.
     As Tammy  took a step towards the door, David said to her. 
"Leave the panties.  You can pick them up here after work."
     Tammy's head hung low as she walked out of David's office. 
It was uncomfortable to walk all that way holding his cum inside
of her.  Plus, all of the other workers seemed to notice how
messed up her face was.  Whispers of "Slut.  Whore.Tramp.:" and a
host of other names echoed in her ears all the way back down to
her cubicle.  The roomful of workers all glared at Tammy as she
walked in.  She was a full ten minutes late coming back from
lunch and her appearance only confirmed what they already knew,
that Tammy was fucking the boss.  While most everyone in this
office was fucking someone or another to get ahead, the idea that
this new girl was fucking the big boss put her at the top of
their hit list from the start.  Add to that, her lack of job
skills and the fact that her lagging behind was put off onto
another worker. and Tammy could feel their hateful stares as she
sat down at her terminal.
     She tried to concentrate on getting her work done.  The
humiliation of not being able to keep up with the others was
almost as bad as having to fuck and suck whenever and whomever
David said.  Tammy could hear the others chatting about her
behind her back, but did her best to put it out of her mind. 
What she could not put out of her mind however, was the slow
oozing of David's cum from her pussy.  There was just no way to
hold it for that long, so the sticky cream dripped from her,
making a large and uncomfortable wet spot on the back of her
skirt.  When she stood up to stretch at break time, Tammy was
mortified to hear the others giggle and see them point at the
spot.  Even worse, before she could sit back down, a large glob
of half dried sperm dripped from her, landing on her shoe for the
others to see.  They roared with laugher and once again Tammy
Douglas, proud and privileged Princess could do nothing to stop
them.
     Five o'clock could not have come soon enough for Tammy. 
Even when it did finally come, she had some work left over.  She
wanted to finish it herself to avoid having to put one of the
others through all of that mess again, but Tammy also knew the
penalty for not showing up in David's office on time.  Her look
of indecision must have been obvious, because one of the others
spoke up.  "You better get someone else to do it for you, I'm
sure you're meal ticket wouldn't want his whore to be late." 
Turning her head to see who had spoken, Tammy saw that it was the
blonde she had given her work to earlier.
     "I don't know what you think you're talking about."  Tammy
said, suddenly remember herself and feeling full of pride.
     The other girl approached Tammy, unafraid.  "Oh yeah?"  She
questioned.  "Then what's with that cum stain on your dress? 
Even a whore knows to clean herself up after the fucks."
     "You would know all about that I suppose."  Tammy replied
confidently.
     The door opened and Stephanie Hughes raised her voice to
that 'I mean business' tone.  "Ladies!  This is no way to end a
day.  Ms. Douglas, you are wanted upstairs.  Ms. Siefert, finish
her work and don't let me catch either of you pulling this sort
of crap on work time again."  With that she was gone.  Tammy
didn't seem to notice that Ms. Hughes had just saved her from a
solid fist to her nose.  Tammy exited without a word or glance
backwards.

End of Part Two. 

