     I tossed my bag on the dining room table and ran down the hall
to my room, shouting a hello to my Mother on the way past. I
slammed the door behind me, and started to strip, wondering what to
wear to the mall.
     I was going to meet Toni and Susan over at Westside mall to
scope guys. Brad Mckenzie, and Ian Thorpe were supposed to be going
there this afternoon and I wanted to impress Ian.
     I dumped my clothes on the floor and opened my closet, trying
to figure out the right image for the mall. I wanted Ian to ask me
out Friday, so I had to be particular. I wanted to look sexy
without looking slutty.
     I gazed at my image in the mirror, standing up straight and
throwing my chest out. I opened my mouth and ran my tongue across
my lip sexily. Wouldn't he love to get a look at this, I thought,
grinning to myself.
     I was lucky, or maybe just more secure than most of my
girlfriends. Even Toni was always worrying about being too fat or
something, even though she looked perfect to me. I never had to
diet though. I liked my body fine, and never seemed to put on
weight.
     I slid my hands under my breasts, feeling their firmness. I'd
seen older women naked in changing rooms, and lots of them had
saggy breasts. I wondered if mine would get like that someday.
Right now they were as firm as could be. They didn't sag even the
tiniest bit, even if I didn't wear a bra.
     I turned sideways, posing again. Not bad, I thought. Debbie's
are a lot bigger, but hers were kind of gross. They had these huge
fat brown nipples that seemed kind of lopsided and oval, like an
egg. My nipples were tiny pink dots at the very center of my twin
mounds.
     I fingered them, sliding my fingertips back and forth to get
them to harden. It only took a second. My breasts, and my nipples
in particular, were extremely sensitive. Sometimes that was good,
like when a guy was feeling me up nice. Sometimes it was bad, like
when I was wearing something thin and some guy made some snotty
remark.
     I sighed and dropped my hands, gazing into the closet
hopelessly. What to wear, what to wear. I pulled out a white mini-
dress. It was kind of cutesy, but the skirt was high enough to
attract any guys eye. I put it aside as a possible.
     I pulled out my green shirt. I looked great in dark green. It
set off my thick brown hair. I swirled my hair as I held the shirt
in front of my chest. It looked good. My hair was a kind of light,
almost reddish brown color. Toni had suggested I dye it blonde like
she'd done, but now way was I going to become another bleached
blonde.
     Besides, my hair was long, it hung down around my back in a
graceful, silky stream. It would be a huge pain to dye it and keep
the roots blonde. Anyway, I liked the way I looked now. I knew the
boys did too.
     I remembered that day last month when I'd walked up to the
front door at school. There was a low stone wall on one side and
half a dozen guys were sitting there. They all looked up as I
approached and followed me with their eyes.
     I was wearing a thin white shirt and a tiny micro mini skirt.
I knew damn well what was going on behind every one of their eyes.
     Then as I passed them, they'd all grabbed their chests
dramatically and keeled over backwards, falling off the wall. I'd
been stunned, and then giggled uncontrollably as they all lay there
pretending to be dead. Yes, I knew damn well what the boys thought
of my looks.
     I pulled the shirt on and looked at its effect. Yes, I
thought. I'll wear this. I took it off and opened my underwear
drawer. I took out a matching set of pink, half bra, and bikini
panties, then hesitated. I put them back and removed a black pair.
The panties were string bikini's and I felt really sexy when I wore
them.
     I stepped into the panties, pulling them up snug so they
hugged my soft buttocks. Then I pulled the bra on, adjusting my
breasts in the twin cups until it fit properly.
     I put on the shirt then, buttoning it up, and then pulled out
my white pants. They were causal, but not jeans or cords. They were
very thin, which would go well, because it was sort of warm out.
The good thing about them though, was that anyone looking more than
casually, would be able to see the dark image of my panties through
them.
     This was a real turn on for the guys, according to my sister
Sandra. It wasn't slutty or anything. After all, they weren't
really seeing anything. The sight of my shadowy bikinis underneath
the fabric though, would turn on Ian, at least I hoped so.
     Besides, the pants were nicely tight. They didn't pinch or
squeeze like my tighter jeans, but they fit like a second skin,
which would show Ian what a nice ass I had, as well as accent my
thin waist.
     I stepped into a pair of green tennis shoes, and then got some
money from my desk. I wasn't going to buy much besides a drink and
maybe some chips, but I liked to keep enough money on me to buy
something special if it appeared during my mall crawling.
     I brushed out my glossy hair for a few seconds, and then
checked my watch. It was three-thirty! I had to hurry if I was
going to pick up Toni and then make it to the mall before the guys
left.
     I ran back down the hall and through the living room, yelled
a goodbye to my Mom, and ran out the apartment door. I made it
halfway down the hall before she opened the door again and yelled
after me. Shit!
     "What?" I demanded, hurriedly.
     "Be home for supper at six." she said.
     "Okay, okay!"
     I paced back and forth in front of the elevators for several
seconds, and almost jumped inside when the door of one opened. I
stabbed the button for the basement several times as the doors were
closing. As soon a they opened again I ran out and opened the door
to the garage.
     I jumped into my jeep and started it up quick, almost flooding
it. I glanced around quickly and then stomped on the gas, so the
jeep shot forward down the lane toward the doors.
     I loved this car. It was a present to me on my sixteenth
birthday. It was a bright cherry red, and had thick bucket seats in
the front, and could carry six people in back if they were close
together. There was a roll bar that looked sexy, and a long antenna
in the back for... wait for it, a mobile phone!
     My parents had really gotten me that because it cut back on
all the messages they had to take when I wasn't home, but I was
grateful anyway. This car was a real status symbol at school.
     I turned on the stereo as I passed Gerard street, and turned
onto Clancy. Actually, I was surprised Toni hadn't called me. I was
ten minutes late and she wasn't usually very patient.
     There she was up ahead, standing at the foot of her driveway.
The tires screeched a little as I pulled up beside her. She raced
around to the other side and jumped in, and I took off.
     "Where were you Tammie? Shit. We're going to be late."
     "Maybe not. Anyway, I couldn't decide what to wear."
     "Me neither."
     "That looks nice."
     "You think so?"
     She was wearing a denim mini and a white shirt. The shirt
accented her big boobs.
     "I wish You'd have put the top up Tammie. My hairs going to
shit." she complained.
     "Don't worry. The bleach won't blow away." I grinned.
     "Oh, Ha, ha, ha."
     Toni's hair was only shoulder length. You'd think it would be
easier to look after than mine, but no, she fussed at it
constantly. She needn't have. All the boys talked about, when they
mentioned her was her chest. Toni had really big titties. I'd seen
them in the shower at school, and they looked even bigger naked.
They were almost as big as Debbie's, but were a lot nicer looking.
I wondered how she stood up straight with all that weight.
     "Think Brian will be there?" she asked.
     "I don't know, maybe. I just hope Ian will be there."
     "You think he'll ask you out Friday?"
     "I hope so."
     "You could always go with Ken."
     "Give me a break!" I exclaimed.
     "What's wrong with him?"
     "You know what's wrong with him. Wasn't it you complaining he
practically tried to tear your boobs off when you went out last
month?"
     "Well, you don't have to go out of the gym with him. Just meet
him at school, and drive to the restaurant and then say you have to
be home early."
     "You do it."
She shook her head. "Not after last month." she sniffed.
     "Well then don't try to get me to go out with him."
     "He's not gonna try and fuck your boobs like he did mine."
     "How do you know."
     "Your boobs aren't big enough."
     "They are too. Not everybody's as humongous as you are you
know."
     "I know that Tammie. It's just that guys see my tits and they
go all crazy. They want to play with them all fuckin' night."
     I nodded, my mind flashing back to my last date. I was at the
drive-in with Tommy Harper. I had let him unbutton my shirt all the
way to the waist, and then unhitch my bra. I'd been terrified at
first that somebody would look in and see me with my boobs hanging
out, but Tommy had put his mouth on my breasts, right over my
nipples, and alternately sucked one, then the other.
     The feeling of his tongue and lips around my nipples had made
me just about as hot as I've ever been with a guy. Oh, other guys
had felt me up before, but they'd been comparatively clumsy,
squeezing on my poor titties for all they were worth.
     Tommy had worked on them gently, caressing them with his
fingers, and licking and suckling them so they hardened and
throbbed. My pussy had fired up too, and I hadn't even pretended to
stop him when his hand had slid down into my jeans, into my
panties, and cupped my bare pussy.
     That was the first time, I'd ever let a guy touch my pussy
inside my panties. The feeling had been like an electric shock. It
was amazing how different it felt to have someone elses fingers
touch my pussy. I had almost cum right there in his palm.
     He had worked my pants down over my hips while still suckling
on my titties. His hand squeezing gently on my little fur covered
mound. I had found myself losing control, sighing, moaning silly
little words, groaning each time his teeth grinded gently along my
erect nipples.
     Then his searching fingers had found my clitty. That
hypersensitive little piece of flesh that only my own fingers had
ever before touched. My blood raced faster and faster as he
squeezed and rubbed it, and then my body had simply exploded.
     My head had banged back and forth against the car seat. My
hands had grabbed both his head, pulling it harder into my chest,
and his hand, jamming it into my crotch. My pussy had spasmed and
quaked, and I had convulsed in an orgasmic seizure.
     It wasn't my first, but it was my first with a boy. I had
almost lost control of my senses for a little while. By the time I
had finally recovered, Tommy had my pants off, and was just getting
my panties off my ankles. I had pushed him away, and pulled them up
again.
     We had argued. He seemed to think he had a right to fuck me
because I'd had an orgasm. I did feel guilty about not letting him
fuck me, but shit, I was a virgin, and I didn't want my first time
to be in a friggen car.
     Besides, he had no protection and I wasn't on anything. In the
end I'd jerked him off, liked I'd done a few times with boys. It
was amazing how hard, and how soft a guys cock could get at the
same time.
     I'd slid my fingers up and down it, pumping it, rubbing the
underside of the little helmet like head, where it was most
sensitive. Then, because I was feeling guilty, I decided to try
giving him a blowjob.
     I'd never blown a guy before, though Sandra and Toni both had,
and had told me about it. I knew a lot of girls did it. Without any
warning, I'd scooted backward, then bent down with my face over his
cock.
     I took a deep breath, and then opened my mouth. The cockhead
felt even softer between my lips than it had in my hands. I
swallowed the head, and squeezed my lips closed around it. I sucked
in my cheeks, and swirled my tongue around and around the head as
Tommy groaned with delight.
     Then I slid my lips very slowly downward, allowing inch after
inch of his cock into my mouth. It tasted funny, kind of salty and
sweaty. It wasn't the greatest taste in the world, but it wasn't
horrible. I slid my lips down until his cockhead pushed against the
back of my mouth, then pulled up.
     I sucked in my cheeks, and slid my lips up and down, bobbing
my head, letting my lips massage his prick. I slid my lips all the
way up, over the round head and off, so the cockhead pressed right
against my closed lips.
     Then I'd opened my mouth and swallowed him, his cock sliding
smoothly past my lips and into my mouth once again. He had all but
screamed, and his sperm had shot out of the end of his cock and
into my mouth.
I found my mouth suddenly full of liquid, and automatically
swallowed it.
     I sighed and turned into the parking lot of the mall. It had
been okay, even exciting. A couple of more dates like that and I
probably would have given in and screwed him. But he'd had a date
with Debbie the next time, and she'd done everything he'd asked,
and then some. What a slut!
     Anyway, I'd gone to the clinic to get my own pills. I'd
decided to get rid of my cherry and I wanted it to be with the
right guy, like Ian.
     I parked and took out the phone, locking it in the little
locker hidden under the back seat. Then me and Toni went into the
mall.
     There were piles of kids around, more importantly, there were
piles of guys. Toni nudged me and inclined her head toward this big
blonde guy leaning against the railing. His pants were incredibly
tight, and his buns were awe inspiring.
     She giggled, as we walked past, and the guy turned around and
gave us the once, then twice over. I smiled, but kept walking. It
was Ian I was after right now.
     We met up with Susan and wandered up and down the halls,
eyeing the boys, and letting them eye us. Some cute guys whistled
at us when we passed Burger King, and Susan and Toni had turned and
licked their lips at them.
     "There he is!" Toni said, pointing up ahead.
Ian was standing with Mike and Joey near the record store. We
walked over to them. Ian was looking the other way until we were a
few feet away. Then he turned and his eyes skipped past Susan and
Toni onto me.
     I thrilled inwardly. Ian was a hot guy. He was quarterback of
the football team, which meant he was strong and well built,
without being humongous like most of the others. He also had a
really cute face, with short brown hair.
     Everybody said hi, and we talked about Mr. Fredericks, our
Math teacher, and then about the latest videos on MTV. After just
the right amount of time, I said I was going to get a drink and
wandered over to the restaurant alone. This was the chance for Ian
to approach me if he wanted to.
     I had bought the drink, which was sitting on the counter as
the guy got my change, when I saw Ian approaching from the corner
of my eye. I was careful not to let on that I'd seen him, let alone
was hoping he'd come over. I picked up my drink, and then, just at
the right time, turned quickly and started walking.
     Of course I banged right into him. I didn't spill anything of
course since I'd planned it. But my soft, breasts cushioned the
collision between our chests, and resulted in a definite reddening
on his face.
     "I'm sorry!" I apologised.
     "No, no. It's my fault." he said.
     "You getting a drink too?"
     "Yeah, yeah."
Of course I stuck around while he ordered it.
"Uh, by the way... You going to the dance at school Friday?" he
asked.
     "I might go with Toni. Nobodies asked me yet."
     "Want to go with me?"
He blurted it out so quickly I almost didn't hear it, even though
I was listening for it.
     "Yeah, okay." I said, determinedly casual.
     "Uh... okay... I'll drive okay?"
     "Sure."
     You don't know how lucky you are. I thought. We went back to
the group, where Toni gave me a questioning look and I grinned at
her. She grinned back.
     I was already thinking about where we could do it. Too bad my
parents wouldn't be cooperative and go out that night. But there
was always a nice secluded beach or maybe a field, something
romantic like that.
     "Why not in his car?" Toni asked on the way home.
     "That's too gross. All sweaty and yucky." I complained.
     "That's where I did it the first time."
     "You were only thirteen. You didn't know any better."
     "That's were I did it the last time!" she snapped.
     "And look what it got you; Fucked in the tits."
     "And you think Ian will be better cause he's on a beach or
something? Get real."

     In the next few days I picked out three different spots we
could do it in, had my hair done, reread my mother's sex manual;
the one at the bottom of her third drawer under her old sweaters,
and picked out my outfit.
     I'd decided to wear my denim mini-dress. It was loose enough
for him to get his hand up under the skirt easy enough, and it had
a zipper right down the front that would let me take it off and put
it back on again in a second.
     It was already Thursday night. I closed my door and locked it.
This time tomorrow night, I thought. My body shivered in response.
I stripped for bed. I always slept naked, and couldn't help opening
the closet and looking at myself again.
     I wondered if I'd look different tomorrow night. I slid my
hand caressingly up and down my soft skin. I tweaked my nipples
alive, then slid my hand down between my legs and squeezed my
mound.
     I knew I'd never get to sleep unless I jerked off. My bed was
only a couple of feet from the closet. I sat back on the edge,
spreading my legs and bringing my feet up onto the edge beside my
hips. My crotch was open and visible in the mirror as I slid my
fingers up and down alongside the dark outline of my little slit.
     I rubbed my hands over my breasts, squeezing them repeatedly,
especially the nipples. I pulled my legs further apart, and put my
palm over my cunt, squishing it. It didn't feel nearly as good as
when Tommy had done it last week, but it felt pretty good.
     I dipped a finger between my pussy lips. They were so tight
and strong I could barely get it inside. I wiggled it around,
trying to loosen up my cunt opening. I wondered how Ian would ever
get his cock inside me tomorrow if my pussy lips were like this.
     I felt for my little clitty, then squeezed lightly, and
started to rub over it with my fingers. My lower body began to hum
and throb with heat as my pussy ignited. I stuck a finger between
my pussy lips, feeling the wetness there now as I rubbed my thumb
over my clit.
     I could see down between the mounds of my titties, like
through a mountain valley, as my fingers danced around in my
crotch. I could also see the hard pointed little nipples atop each
breast, standing up proudly on the swollen sack of fleshy meat.
     My mind fantasized about Ian fucking me, pictured him with a
big hard cock pounding away between my legs as I cried out in
bliss. My fingers dug into my pussy, shoving up inside me to my
cherry. I humped my lower body up and down, bouncing it on the
mattress as my sexual heat spiralled higher.
     My breath was coming in ragged gasps as the heat oozed upward
through my belly to my chest, then flared out in my pulsing
breasts. My nipples were so hard I could feel them dig into my
palms like pebbles, or pencil erasers as I ran my hand across them.
     I put both hands on my breasts, spreading the fingers as wide
apart as possible to completely envelope my hardened titties. Then
I squeezed. I wasn't gentle, or soft, or caressing. I squeezed as
tightly as possible, mashing my tit meat up, squashing and bruising
it, squeezing the meat together.
     It was like squeezing warm bags of water. My tit meat oozed
out around and through my fingers as the heat spewed out through my
nipples. I gasped in both pain and pleasure as my fingers encircled
my tit meat and twisted it around sideways.
     My blanket was one of those rough wool ones, the kind that
scratch and irritate the skin. I'd been lying on the comforter, but
now I pulled it off and tossed it on the floor, then flopped down
on my belly across the rough blanket.
     I grabbed the far end of the bed at the other side, and
pulled, dragging myself across. I let all the weight come down on
my swollen tit mounds, rubbing them against the rough surface as I
pulled myself over.
     My tits sparkled and spasmed with rippling, tearing heat and
pain. My nipples were scratched as if by sandpaper. When I sat up,
my belly and titties were a bright red. I rubbed my pussy against
the blanket then, feeling its harshness bring the storm of my
orgasm closer.
     I pushed my ass up off the bed, spreading my legs apart wider
still as I supported my lower body while my hands circled around
and around my pussy mound. My upper body was supported on my head
and shoulders as I bowed my body upward. I dropped my ass back onto
the bed and then pulled my feet up and back.
     I pulled my left leg way up against my chest, and used my
hands to pull it up further, so my foot was actually behind my
head. That was easy. It was harder then to get the other leg up,
and the other foot behind my head. I managed it though, so I was
looking through my legs at my flaring cunt pit.
     My tits were squashed between my legs and my ribcage as I
gazed at the source of bodily fire only inches from my face. I put
my hands on my buttocks and rubbed them up and down across the soft
skin, then framed my pussy slit and gaze at it in the mirror.
     The sight almost made me drool. Wouldn't the guys at school
love to see this, I thought. I slid my fingers over my clit again,
rubbing vigorously as I caressed my cuntslit. I could feel my
climax approaching. The sex feeling was permeating my body from
head to toes.
     Then my eyes fastened on my asshole, winking partly open just
below my cuntslit. I slid my thumb across the opening, then did it
again. It produced a strange, added pleasure to the feelings flying
back and forth inside me.
     I pushed my finger against the little opening, then pushed
harder. I watched, fascinated as my finger slid into the little
round hole. I could feel my asshole walls clinging to the little
digit as it moved into me. They both resisted and sucked on the
little intruder as I pushed it down deep, past the first joint,
past the second, right to the knuckle.
     I swallowed several times, fighting  back the cum that was
hovering just above me. I wiggled the finger back and forth in my
asshole, feeling my soft warm insides. My cum was a high tower that
surrounded me. It was like a storm, like a hurricane that circled
around me at its calm eye.
     I rocked back and forth, my fingers working away softly, my
legs squishing and pushing against my chest, and my eyes feasting
on my lewdly displayed form in my closet mirror.
     Then the swirling wall collapsed, falling in upon me, crushing
me from all sides. My superheated body exploded in a blinding flare
of energy that sent shudders and pulsing, spasming waves of fuck
cum rippling through my body.
     It was still hard for me to get to sleep later. I had to reach
my hands down twice more to bring myself off before I finally
drifted off.
     The next morning, my pussy started to throb almost as soon as
I woke up. It was like Christmas morning, only worse. My mind and
body were filled with both apprehension, and anticipation as I
continually wondered about what it would be like tonight with Ian.
     I was so excited I took off home at lunch, deciding to skip
the afternoon from school in order to get ready for Ian. My parents
would both be away until at least five. My Mom worked every second
day for a Real estate company, and would be gone till five-thirty.
     I was taking a nice long bath, dreaming about what would
happen with Ian, and softly caressing my breasts, when my fantasies
were rudely interrupted. There was a knock at the apartment door.
I ignored it but it repeated several times. Go away, I thought
crossly. Stupid salesmen.
     Then a few seconds later there was a knock at the bathroom
door! I gasped, my hands covering my naked chest as I looked at the
door. I was frantic, thinking my Mom or Dad had come home early.
     "Hello." said a voice. It was a man's voice! One I didn't
recognize!
     "Hello. It's Conwell." the voice said.
     Shit! I thought. Conwell was the management company that owned
the building.
     "What is it?" I asked, shakily.
     "Umm... I have a work order to fix the sink in the main
bathroom." he said.
     My heart sank. The fucking sink had been broken for a week and
he has to come now?!
     "I could come back tomorrow afternoon." he called through the
door.
     And tell my Mom what? Shit! Double shit!
     "NO! Just a second!" I called. I jumped to my feet, water
cascading off my naked form loudly. I reached for the towel and
furiously rubbed off, then grabbed for my housecoat...which I
hadn't brought into the bathroom because I was alone in the house.
     I pulled on my little t-shirt nightie.
     "I can come back Miss." he called again.
     "No... It's..." I flung open the door and stopped in shock.
The man was huge!
     "It... its okay." I sputtered. He must have been six foot four
or five, and had huge broad shoulders.
     His mouth crinkled into a smile as he looked at me. "You're
sure?"
     I nodded franticly, stepping forward and almost running into
him, and then stepping back instead to let him into the bathroom.
     He was probably around twenty five, or thirty. He had thick
curly brown hair, and a face that reminded me of Mel Gibson.
     "I hate to interrupt a lady's bath." he grinned.
     "Oh, that... thats okay." I squeaked, almost forgetting that
I was practically naked here. Then I happened to catch sight of
myself in the bathroom mirror. The little nightie only just covered
my crotch and revealed far too much of my thighs, and...
     I pulled my arms up and folded them across my chest. My body
was far from dry and the thin white material had dampened to the
point of being nearly transparent. My breasts were all too visible
through it.
     I turned to go and put something on, but he stopped me. "What
was it that was wrong with this?" he asked.
I turned back, embarrassed, but unable to be rude to him by running
off when he'd asked a question.
     "Uh... it... its the... pressure," I stammered. "It keeps
going up and down."
     "Must make it uncomfortable to take a shower." he laughed.
     I drew in a mouthful of air. "No... no it doesn't effect the
shower, only the sink."
     He nodded thoughtfully. "Oh okay." he said.
     I turned to go, but then he called to me again.
     "Would you mind holding this up for me.?"
     Shit.
     He handed me this long heavy flashlight before I could object,
and then opened the doors to the cupboard beneath the sink and got
down on his knees and crawled half inside. Then he turned around on
his back as I held the flashlight and pointed it down into the
cupboard.
     My eyes couldn't help fasten on his tight jeans and the way
they hugged his hips, not to mention the prominent bulge at his
crotch. I tried to pull them away, but they kept wandering back.
     Then it suddenly occurred to me that from his position he'd be
able to look up under my tiny nightie and see my bare pussy. I
tried to slide sideways, but couldn't keep the light trained
properly when I did. I finally compromised by kneeling.
     He couldn't see my pussy now, but I was even closer to his
bulging groin. My body was heating up faster and faster, and I
didn't understand why. The guy was really sexy and all but he was
way too old, besides, I was going to do it tonight for the first
time with Ian, a guy I really liked.
     But my hands were sweating on the flashlight, and my legs
sweated as I held them tight together, and my breasts were swollen.
My nipples poked through the thin material, as if he couldn't see
them anyway through the nearly sheer stuff.
     I crossed my free hand across my chest again.
     "Okay," he called. He started to wiggle out and I had to get
up. I knew he'd have a good view of my cunt if he looked but there
wasn't anything I could do about it.
     He ignored me though, both to my relief and disappointment. He
pulled off the knobs on the tap and fiddled with something, then
turned to me.
     God he was so gorgeous!
     "Would you mind holding this?" he pointed to the right tap and
some gizmo sticking out of it.
     "W... what?" I stuttered.
     "Just put your finger here." he asked.
     I had to use my left hand to do it since he was on my left and
I couldn't reach the thing with my right. I reached my hand down
and held it against a little metal rod, belatedly realizing my tits
were exposed again, and putting down the flashlight I'd been
holding with my right to cross it as unobtrusively as possible over
my chest.
     But I had to lean forward, my hips across the edge of the
counter, and that meant the hem of my nightie rode upward...
     My mind was spinning, racing between warnings and fears and
embarrassment to excitement, lust and horniness. My body shivered
as I felt his gaze sweep over me, and I suddenly realized with a
certainty I didn't understand, that he had indeed been looking at
me, looking at me all the time, up from beneath me to my nakedly
displayed crotch, and down from above me to my nearly naked
breasts.
     I couldn't look at him. My skin reddened. It was all I could
do to keep myself from running. I stared down at my finger holding
the little metal rod.
     Then I gasped in shock as I felt his hand touch the bottom of
my left buttock. My nightie had ridden up across my ass and his
hand stroked the revealed skin very softly. My hand trembled as I
continued to hold onto the little metal rod. I still couldn't look
at him.
     His hand moved with more confidence, sliding across my
buttocks, caressing my skin as it rubbed up and down and then
squeezed very lightly. Then I felt his fingers move down between my
buttocks, slide over my asshole and then down onto my...
     I straightened up abruptly, turning quickly to face, him,
backing up against the bathroom wall as my wide eyes stared up into
his face. He wasn't smiling anymore. He looked down at me with a
smooth, unruffled, calm look.
     He moved forward, and I backed up until I hit the wall. My
lips opened to protest, but nothing came out.
Then he was against me. His arms went around me, sliding onto my
back, pulling me against him. His head descended, and my lips were
covered with his.
     I was trembling in fear and excitement, not knowing what to
do, how to react. I was dizzy, confused. His tongue shot into my
mouth and his hands slid down my back to my buttocks again. He
cupped my ass with one huge calloused, work hardened hand, pulling
me against him.
     His other hand was between us, pushing against my breasts,
squeezing the inflamed skin. I moaned loudly, helplessly. The touch
of his hands on my body was arousing me more than anything I'd ever
felt before, far above and beyond what I'd felt with Tommy.
     His hands gripped the bottom of my nightie and then before I
knew what was happening, or could react, he brought his hands
upward, pulling up my nightie. In a second, perhaps two, I was
naked, shivering against the wall, staring up at him fearfully.
     I tried to cover myself with my arms but he grabbed them,
holding my wrists in his hands, then together in a single hand,
pulling them up above my head as his other hand slid around me,
pulled my chest out.
     His mouth slid downward onto my breasts. His hand moved down
and cupped my ass again. My mind was spinning madly as lust mounted
within my groin. He sized my right nipple in his lips and sucked
fiercely, making me gasp in delighted shock.
     "No..." I whimpered. No, it wasn't supposed... it isn't
supposed to be like... like this.
He pushed me back against the counter, spreading my legs, lifting
me up onto the surface. My mind was torn between pounding
excitement, terrified fear, and horrible embarrassment.
     His hands went to his pants and they dropped away. He wasn't
wearing anything underneath and his erect penis sprang free,
pointing directly at my pussy as he stood between my legs. I stared
at it. I couldn't help myself. His cock was so much bigger than the
few I'd seen to date. It was a dull angry red, covered in veins and
ridges.
     His hands slid onto my hips, pulling me downward so my ass was
on the edge of the counter.
     I closed my eyes, and then felt his cock push against my slit.
I could feel the moisture inside me leaking out as he applied
pressure, but I was sure he'd  never be able to get his huge cock
into me. The pressure at my cunt entrance mounted.
     I felt my cuntlips pulled apart, shoved open as his hard
cockhead pushed into me. I groaned again, this time from pain, as
his cockknob shoved into me, pushed past my pussy lips and embedded
itself in my body.
     I felt my cuntlips close slightly as his cockhead passed them
and his slightly thinner shaft held them apart. Then he humped
against me. He threw my body backwards as his cock lunged into me,
thrusting in another two inches or so.
     He pulled back, his hands on my thighs holding me in place,
then he lunged forward again, driving his cock up into me to ram
against my hymen.
"Hot Damn." he whispered.
He pulled back, then slammed his body forward. His cockhead crashed
into my cherry with brutal force and tore right through.
     I screamed, at least I think I did. My mind was totally
disorientated. My body twitched and trembled and shuddered as he
drove his big cock deeper and deeper into me. I gazed down the
length of my body, eyes bulging as they took in his big hard pole
seemingly sticking out of my crotch slit.
     Then he lunged forward again. Pain sprayed through my system
as I watched his cock drive further into my hole. My ass was
rocking on the sharp edge of the counter, but the pain was as
nothing compared to my newly violated pussy sheath.
     Again he slammed his hips forward, stabbing his cock deeper
into me as I sobbed weakly and gasped for breath. "Just a little
more." he whispered.
He pulled back. I could feel his hard, ridged penis moving back
down my tightly stretched fuck tunnel.
     Then he slammed forward again, driving his cock deep into my
guts, seemingly piercing my very soul as it skewered me. His hips
ground into my buttocks and thighs as he buried his entire man tool
inside my wailing, spasming crotch hole.
     He held it still inside me, and I could feel it against my
guts, throbbing and pulsing as his hips rubbed against my skin. His
hands slid over my belly and up onto my chest, encircling and
squeezing my breasts.
     "That wasn't too bad now was it baby?" he gasped.
     "Jesus Christ you're hot and tight!"
     He caressed the skin of my chest, circling around and between
my breasts, sliding down across my stomach and then onto my thighs
again. He lifted and separated my legs, holding them back so my
knees almost touched the counter to either side of my body.
     He pulled back slightly, and I moaned in response, then he
moved forward again. Very slowly, he began to repeat this, sliding
his cock up and down my cunt chute in very slow, short movements.
     After a few minutes the pain began to fade. My cunt loosened
enough for him to speed up and to lengthen his stroke. It slid up
and down my fuck tunnel with comparative ease now, and I began to
feel the sensations coming from my clitoris as his penis slid over
it.
     I stared up into his eyes for the first time, realizing I knew
nothing whatever about this man who was making love... no, who was
FUCKING me. That's what's happening, I thought. I'm being fucked,
screwed, balled.
His cock was sliding in and out of me like a pumping piston.
     I stared at the long rounded rod as it moved in and out of my
body. It was hard to conceive of that long, fat tool going into my
body, and yet it was. It was going up inside me, up into that
secret place that I had always knew existed in my abdomen, but had
never felt or seen or touched.
     His cock slid forward, inch after inch sliding into that slit
between my legs. I watched my staining cuntlips grip the shaft as
it moved into me, watched the slick lips pushed down inside my cunt
as his endlessly long prong moved forward.
     Then his crotch was against my own. His pubic hair mixed with
mine, his skin touching mine, his balls touching my buttocks.
     He bent forward, his head coming down, his face rushing down
to meet mine, obscuring all else until it was flat against mine and
his lips joined against mine. He slid his lips back and forth, his
tongue dancing across my lips. Unconsciously, I opened them and his
tongue flickered about just inside my own mouth.
     He fucked into me slowly, his hands around my head, tangled in
my thick brown hair as he lifted my head up to meet his. I could
feel every inch of his cock as it moved back and forth inside me.
It buzzed against my clitty almost continuously, first going one
way, then the other.
     My body was pounding with excitement, both lust and adrenalin
churned within me as he continued to work his big tool in and out
of me. He pulled my head upward further, lifting my shoulders from
the counter as his tongue shot into my mouth. It rubbed and rasped
against my own tongue, which belatedly responded in kind.
     Then he let my head go. His hands slid down onto my hips, then
encircled my waist. His fingers closed tightly as he stood up
straight. He grinned down at me.
"Ready?" he asked, softly.
     Then his hips pounded forward, driving his cock deep into my
belly. His hips slammed against my buttocks, throwing me backwards.
I cried out in sudden shock and pain at the fierceness of the
stroke.
He jerked his cock out and then slammed it back into me again.
     My head knocked against the wall at the back of the counter as
I was thrown backward by the force of his furious blow. He jerked
my body back towards him as he threw his hips forward again,
bringing another cry of protest from my lips.
     Instead of getting softer though, he pounded his cock into me
with greater power, and increasing speed. It was all I could do to
try and keep my body from being thrown around like a rag doll as he
pounded and hammered his long fat organ into me with a terrible
fury.
     My mind blanched at the ferocity of his assault, and yet all
I could think of was that I was finally being truly FUCKED! My eyes
continued to watch raptly, as his penis thrust into that hitherto
tiny, closed slit between my legs, and disappeared into the hidden
recesses of my body.
     I was overwhelmed by the force and violence of this, my first
ever fuck. My head was thrown about by his hammering strokes,
making it difficult to see everything clearly. But I could feel.
     I could feel his hard hips pounding into my loins with a
forceful, hammering jolt. I could feel his hands, his fingers,
squeezing into the soft tender skin of my waist, fondling and
stroking and kneading the meaty, swollen flesh of my jiggling,
bouncing breasts, or squeezing and slapping my rounded ass cheeks.
     I could feel his tongue inside my mouth, his lips mashing
against mine, his hands entangled in my hair as he repeatedly
yanked my head up to meet his. I could feel the crinkly hairs
around his pumping penis as he rested his loins momentarily against
my groin.
     More than anything and everything else though, I could feel
his penis, his organ, his COCK! I could feel it moving inside my
body. Every inch, every centimetre of its surface registered on my
senses as it pumped up and down that tight, secret tunnel inside
me.
     I could feel the helmet like head as it pressed and mashed
repeatedly against the end of my cunt tunnel, deep inside me. I
could feel its movement along the velvety smooth walls of my cunt
sheath as it rode in and out atop that long fat shaft.
     That pumping, pounding, pistoning cock was activating and
igniting something inside me I'd never felt before. It wasn't just
it's back and forth ripsawing movement on my clitty. It was the
churning gut wrenching sensations of a hard hot prick sliding up
and down inside my abdomen.
     It mesmerized me. It possessed me. Even as the excitement and
sexual fires of my body mounted. My entire focus began to shift
inward, to concentrate on my belly, down low where that hard rod
was moving up and down. My cunt, my crotch, that hot moist center
deep in the pit of my belly, began to twitch and tingle.
     It was like an itch, but one more powerful, more frenzied and
demanding than anything I'd ever felt before. It was like a hot
thrumming NEED, deep in my guts. It grew and grew as that cock
continued to FUCK into my body, as I continued to be hammered by
his powerful hips, as my body continued to be rocked and jerked
back and forth on the cold countertop.
     I found myself twitching from time to time, my body trembled
uncontrollably and my concentration was continuously broken and
fragmented. My eyes blinked and then rolled back in my head as my
vision switched off and my body concentrated solely on feeling.
     Somewhere at the back of my mind was a wonderment at what I
was doing. But my thoughts shifted and rolled in a bubbling sea of
feelings and sensations that obscured all other considerations.
     My feet were up on his shoulders, or so I observed, without
really understanding or caring. My eyes opened only now and then,
for no real reason, under no real control. My body was given over
to pleasure, to overwhelming pleasure.
     That pleasure was a continuous flood that washed through my
body from top to bottom. Now and then, as he did something like
squeeze my breasts or slam his cock into me with particular
savagery, a sudden fat dollop of higher, more intense pleasure
would surge through my system, sending shudders through my body.
     I came. I didn't realize it at the time, my mind being to
muddled and confused. But there was a sudden flaring increase in
pleasure, driving it upward into the realm of blinding ecstasy that
made my convulse and writhe on the countertop.
     His pounding pistoning cock continued to fuck into my
previously virgin cunt hole. I had no conception of time. I floated
in delirious pleasure atop that roiling wash of happiness.
     I came again, then again. My body seared, blistered by furious
washing emotions and sensations that obliterated reality and drove
me over the edge of sanity. I screamed, and howled, though I
couldn't remember afterwards what I'd said.
     I came again, with his pounding cock still ripping up and down
my tight hot, spasming little cunt tube. And then everything just
went blank. I dropped into a black hole and lost my thoughts
entirely.
     When I woke up I still lay on the counter. I looked upward,
seeing the ceiling high above me, and wondering at first where I
was. I shifted my feet, only then realizing where I was, and that
they were hanging over the edge of the counter.
     I blinked several times, and rubbed my eyes. I looked down the
length of my nude body, and groaned softly. I slowly brought my
hands sliding downward over the hot, perspiring skin of my body.
     I cupped my cuntmound, which was sore and felt tender and
abraded. I managed to sit up, thought not without a deal of
groaning and aching. I pushed my sweaty, tangled hair back out of
my face and looked around the empty room.
     The tub was still full of water. My nightie was sitting on the
floor in a puddle. The man... I didn't even know who he was... what
his name was. He was gone anyway. I slid down off the counter,
almost falling to the floor because of rubbery legs.
     I shook my head, exhausted despite my... nap. I wondered how
long I'd been unconscious. The door was open. What would have
happened if my parents had come home and walked in on me like this?
I pulled on the nightie, still damp, and wandered out into the
hallway.
     There was no sign of my sudden lover as I wandered through the
apartment to the front door and locked it. Holy Jesus, I thought.
No you've done it haven't you, you little slut?
     I cupped my crotch again, my mind running at high speed
through that furious, violent and undeniably pleasurable fucking.
Wow, I thought. Wait till Toni heard about this.
     I went into the fridge and swallowed a belly full of milk
directly from the hug. My body seemed starved. I went back into the
bathroom then to finish my bath. I had to turn on the hot water to
warm up the tub as it had cooled some.
     It was only two thirty, so the guy hadn't been gone long. I
still had a lot of time to get ready for my date with Ian. It no
longer seemed quite so important to me. Here I was figuring out the
perfect, romantic spot to lose my cherry and I'd gone and lost it
on a countertop with my head banging into a bathroom wall.
     I wasn't even sure anymore about wether I was going to fuck
Ian or not. Clearly sex was a good thing, a great thing, a fucking
fantastic thing. I didn't need inexperienced high school boys with
big mouths to get it though.
     That guy had been a man, not a boy. I kind of felt flattered
that I could get someone to lose control of themselves like that.
I mean, obviously if I told anybody about what had happened, the
guy would get fired, at the very least.
     Why should I settle for amateurish schoolboys when I could
fuck with a big, powerful, experienced guy like that? The stories
I'd heard from my friends didn't contain anything like the pleasure
I'd had from the wild events of this afternoon.
     Maybe teenage boys were just no good at fucking. Maybe the
best to be had were from men like... whatever his name was, guys in
their twenties and thirties, or maybe even older.
     Still, it would be better, I thought, to find out first hand.
I decided, I would still fuck Ian tonight. My pussy was still
buzzing in the aftermath of my first fuck and was clearly ready for
another. I'd give Ian a try and see how he measured up.
     I spent a lot  of time going through my wardrobe, trying to
find what to wear tonight. You see, there were a number of
considerations for what a girl should wear on a date.
     The first consideration is look, of course. I wanted to look
sexy! That didn't mean I wanted to look like a whore, of course. It
was also import to take into account where you were going. We were
going to a dance, which meant a lot of other people were going to
see me.
     Since I was already decided on letting Ian fuck me, I didn't
have to worry much about the other considerations. For instance, if
I was going somewhere, where we'd be alone, and didn't want to fuck
him, I wouldn't wear a skirt, it was too easy to get my legs spread
and then wham bam, thank you ma'am.
     What I decided on, was something I could get in and out of
easy. That was my denim mini-dress. It zipped from top to bottom.
One long zip and it was open and off. I wore my frilly green bra,
because it latched together in front, which made it easier to get
off for him. I also wore my matching string bikini panties.
     You might ask me why I didn't just go without the panties to
save time. The thing is, guys want to take off your panties. They
like it. It makes em' hot. Besides, like I said, I didn't want to
seem like a slut.
     Ian picked me up in his Dad's old Chevy. It wasn't a cute as
my Jeep, but you could fuck in it a lot easier, and that's what he
probably had in mind. I didn't intend to do it in there of course,
but I couldn't tell him that.
     We had fun at the dance. It was pretty casual, and some of the
guys brought some liquor and beer, and managed to keep it hidden
from the chaperones. Half way through it, me and Ian, and Toni, and
her date, Brian, slipped away and wandered through the halls,
looking for somewhere to neck and fool around.
     At least, I thought we were looking around. It turned out
Brian and Ian already had one planned and ready. We went down the
main hall to the office, and to my surprise, Brian pulled open the
office door.
     "How come it's not locked?" Toni asked.
     "We took care of it already." Brian grinned.
     He led us into the darkened room where the secretaries had all
their desks and stuff. For the first time, I went around the long
counter that separated the grownups, the clerks and secretaries,
from us scruffy kids.
     Brian led Toni into the Vice Principal's office, and Ian,
holding my hand, led me into Principal Merriweather's office.
     There was a streetlight just outside the window, so the room
was real well lit without us having to turn on any lights. Ian
pulled me down onto a couch next to Merriweather's office, and
immediately put his arm around me and pressed his lips against
mine.
     This wasn't the place I'd chosen as my romantic first fuck of
course, but it wouldn't be bad as a warm up. I decided I'd let him
feel whatever his heart desired, but he wouldn't get to fuck me
until we were on the beach, with the pounding surf in the
background.
     Ian's lips slid softly against mine. He didn't try to slip me
any tongue at first. He just pressed his lips against mine, and
repeatedly kissed me. His kisses became heavier and heavier, and
then I could feel his tongue sliding across my closed lips.
     I opened them and slid my own tongue out to meet his. Ian's
hand, not the one that was around my shoulder, but the other one,
slid up and down my leg, from my knee to the hem of my mini skirt.
He was softly caressing my skin, and working it ever so slightly
higher with each passing second.
     Before long, his hand was way up my thigh, sliding back and
forth from the inside to the outside of my leg. His tongue was deep
inside my mouth, writhing around with my own, like two horny eels
in a cave.
     Then his hand touched the edge of my panties. He pulled back
slightly from the contact, as if afraid of spooking me. When I
didn't show any signs of screaming or anything, he quickly pushed
his hand forward again, sliding it right over my cunt.
     My legs were spread slightly, and he had no trouble getting a
firm grip on my pubic mound with his hand. He squeezed me
repeatedly, probably not knowing what the hell else to do. My own
hand slid up his leg and squeezed his bulging cock through his
pants.
     Ian slid his hand up further, then went down the front of my
panties, to cup my bare pussy mound. The sensation sent thrills
shooting through my system. It felt WONDERFUL, to have a boy's hand
on my pussy. He squeezed it again, his fingers sliding around, as
if searching for my cunt slit.
     His other hand was right around my back and cupping my left
breast tightly. He was squeezing it over and over again, delighted
in his unchallenged possession of it. His mouth came down against
my throat and bit me, making me wince slightly. Then he started to
suck on my neck, and I knew I'd have a real hot hake in the
morning.
     I realized just then, that my panties were coming down off my
hips, and I jerked them back up again. Like I said, I didn't want
to fuck him right here in the office, even if it was a lot better
than a car's backseat.
     He took his hand away and grabbed the zipper holding my dress
together. He zipped it downward, so my titties, encased in their
little green bra, were easily visible in the streetlight. Then he
popped the catch on the bra so they were naked before his eyes.
     He groaned softly, his breathing coming in quick, harsh gasps.
Both his hands reached out and grabbed my nude, swollen titties,
and squeezed them something awful. I had to keep slapping at his
hands to get him to ease off on the pressure.
     Then he put his mouth on my tit and sucked on it, and that was
soemthing else again. Bright sparkly lights popped into my head as
his mouth started working over my nipples. They were already hard
as rocks, and his tongue and lips were sending flashes of orgasmic
fire deep into my chest.
     I was groaning myself now, as my spit moistened titties shined
in the streetlight, and his mouth moved from one to another. His
hand slid the zipper down all the way before I even noticed and the
two sides of the dress came apart.
     His hand dove down into my panties again, and started rubbing
up and down on my cunt mound. His finger found my slitty and
pressed deep against the indentation as his hand moved up and down.
I couldn't help humping my loins up against his hand as sexual fire
took control of my body.
     Again, his hand slipped the tiny elastic waistband of my
panties down over my hips, this time getting my panties down around
my knees before I was even aware of it. I grabbed for them, my
hands shaky, and my body trembling with sexual need, but this time
he would not be denied and tore them right down off my legs and
threw them in the corner of the room.
     "W... wa... wait... I... Ian." I gasped. "Don't! I... I..." He
covered my mouth with his, blanking out my protests, as his hands
raced over my nearly naked body. My legs were far apart, and his
hand was really working away at my crotch. He found my slit and
pushed a stiff finger into it, managing to get the right angle
first time.
     I mewled in pleasure as his finger thrust up into my fuck
tunnel, and slid in and out. At the same time his mouth moved back
to my titties and started sucking voraciously on my nipples. My
firm decision to wait until the beach began to erode.
     He pushed me backward on the couch so I was lying fully on it
instead of sitting, and he rolled atop me. His body pressed mine
deep into the cushions, and I gasped with the weight on me. He
jerked my legs apart, and his firm hips and groin were now between
them, keeping them apart.
     I tried another forlorn protest, but was again disregarded.
Ian was now too hot to stop for anything. Even if the principal
came in here right now, I don't think he would have stopped.
     I sighed in resignation as I felt his swollen cockknob press
against my slit mouth. He guided it into me and then simply thrust
downward, driving a good half of his prick into my body on the
first shove.
     I winced at the sudden penetration and then groaned in
pleasure as the rest of his shaft snaked up into my body. He threw
his hips forward, jamming his cock fully into me, and then rested
it there, throbbing inside me.
     His lips sought out mine again, as his hands enveloped my
titties and squeezed them tightly. A few seconds later, he started
to hump against me, his cock sliding up and down my fuck tunnel.
Unlike the last time, with the man, my cunt seemed to have little
trouble taking his cock.
     Of course, I wasn't a virgin anymore, and besides his cock was
smaller. It was moving up and down my wet little fuck sheath easily
and smoothly, the long shaft, rasping against my aroused clitty
with predictable results.
     I was groaning and sighing in pleasure as he rutted down into
me. His hands roved over my body, sliding up onto my titties, down
along my sides, under me to squeeze my ass cheeks.
     A thunderous rush of energy shot into my body and I went
rigid. Then my back arched with such tremendous pressure it
actually pushed him up into the air as his cock stabbed deep into
me and was twisted and squeezed by my spasming, rippling pussy.
     He gave a low cry and then I felt his prong moving in a much
wetter looser tunnel. I didn't feel his cum gush into me, but
suddenly I was full of his white sperm, and it made me even more
excited. I gripped him tight against me, my hands going around him
and grabbing his ass cheeks and pulling down hard.
     His cum poured down into my cunt, his cock like a hose,
filling up my tank with jism. THen he stopped and lay still atop
me, breathing hard. I sighed in regret, sorry it was over, and
lamenting my lost romantic tryst at the beach.
     Ian rolled off me, and lay beside me on the narrow couch for
a minute, his hands sliding up and down my body.
     "Suck me off Tammie." he whispered.
That caught me by surprise. I mean, he'd already fucked me. Now he
wanted me to suck him off too? What a greedy bastard! Then I
thought about him getting his cock hard again, and maybe fucking me
with it again.
     I slid downwards then, bringing my mouth into contact with his
soft, wet cock. It was covered with a mixture of girl, and boy
juices. At first I didn't want to touch it, but then a feeling of
aroused sluttiness came over me.
     I wanted to act like a nasty girl, like a girl who was well
fucked, often, and who enjoyed it. I wanted to act like a tramp. I
slid my mouth firmly down over his cock and took the whole thing
into my mouth at once, munching and suckling on it gently.
     I let it slide out between my lips like soft spaghetti, then
sucked it in again, cleaning off all the jism and juice, and
swallowing it. It didn't take long for it to start to harden.
Within a couple of minutes, it was too big to fit it all in my
mouth again.
     I pulled away, looking up along the length of his body to his
face.
     "Fuck me again." I whispered.
     "You bet." he gasped.
     He rolled off the couch, gripping my arm up near my shoulder
and pulling me to my feet. He pulled me against him so my body was
pressed completely against his, my warm flesh hard against his
shirt, and his hardened cock pressing up into my crotch.
     His hands cupped my ass, squeezing and fondling the warm meat
as we kissed deeply, our tongues rippling around together in each
others mouths. My own hands were on his ass cheeks, my fingers
digging deep furrows in his flesh as I pulled him against me.
     His hands slid up my back, beneath the dress to my shoulders,
then he pulled the dress off along with my bra so I was standing
completely naked before him.
     It was an incredibly erotic turn on to be standing there nude
in the Principals office. I pushed away from him and kind of did a
little humping, grinding slowdance on the carpet for him. He
followed me, his eyes boring holes in my body.
     Then he grabbed me around the waist, and pulled me over
towards Merriweather's desk.
     "Turn around and bend over the desk." he whispered.
I didn't know what he wanted, but it sounded okay to me. I pushed
against the side of the desk with my legs, and then bent far
forward, until my chest was on a stack of papers on the top.
     He pulled my legs apart, I thought at first, to get a really
good look at my ass. That was okay. I was proud of my ass, and I
angled it upward, and spread my legs more to make it look even more
beautiful to him.
     Then to my surprise, I felt his cock against my slit again.
Before I even knew what was gong on, he was buried inside my cunt
sheath. Then it hit me. The girls talked about `getting it from
behind' sometimes. This must be what they meant.
     His hips ground into my buttocks as his cock moved deep into
my belly. His hands slid upward along my back to my shoulders,
pressing me down, and using the grip for leverage to thrust into
me.
     Then the office door opened. It barely registered with me,
before I heard what I recognized as Brian's voice speaking. I
suddenly realized that he could see Ian's cock buried in my pussy,
and tried to twist away from Ian to cover myself.
     But I was pressed firmly to the desktop by Ian's strong hands.
His hips were pressing firmly into my buttocks, keeping me in
position against the side of the desk. "Okay." I heard. Then Ian's
cock pulled out of me and he moved away.
     I started to jerk upright, but Brian quickly took his place,
pushing me back down onto the desktop.
     "Brian!" I gasped. "Get off!"
     "Give Brian a good ride." Ian snickered.
     "Yeah, quit wiggling till I get my cock in." Brian complained.
I was jerking against him, glaring furiously at Ian, who was moving
back against the couch where a naked Toni half sat, half lay. She
was really drunk and hardly seemed to know what was happening as
Ian started sucking on her tits.
     Ian shoved her down onto her back, pulling her legs apart and
kneeling between them, then lowered himself onto her and stuffed
his erection up her twat hole. Then Brian's cocktip made it into my
pussy slit.
     I was still struggling to get loose from him as his hands
pushed me forward. Then he thrust his hips forward and his cock
stabbed up into me.
     His cock thrust up into my cunt from behind as I stood half
upright against the desk. It nearly lifted me from my feet as it
drove up and forward, jamming deep into my belly. One of his hands
slid around my right leg, encircling my thigh, and he yanked
upward.
     My leg was pulled off the floor and I half fell forward onto
the desk as he pulled my leg far to one side. His hips pushed his
cock deeper into my cunt hole then, until I could feel his balls
pressed against my skin.
     "Come on Baby. You know you want it!" he gasped.
He hammered his groin forward, pumping his prick into my tortured
tunnel with furious strokes, making it impossible for me to even
catch my balance, much less resist.
     My head turned to the right and I could see Ian really
hammering his cock down into Toni's pussy. Toni was moaning and
sighing as her body responded to the solid fucking he was giving
it. Her eyes were closed, and in the dark I could hardly tell if
she was even awake or not.
     Ian was squeezing her huge fat breasts very hard, mashing and
squashing the fat fleshy meat around into strange twisted shapes,
his fingers digging deep furrows in the rounded surface, pulling up
and pinching the fat brown nipples.
     I gave up on resisting then. What was the point? Brian was
already fucking me after all. I lay atop the desk and let him punch
his long, fucktool into me, sighing in disappointment at what an
asshole Ian turned out to be, but still feeling the beginnings of
real arousal at Brian's fucking.
     Brian fucked different than Ian did. It was strange to feel
him fucking into me while I watched Ian fuck my best friend. While
Ian fucked in and out with even strokes, Brian slammed his cock
into me with as much speed as possible, then withdrew much more
slowly.
     The force of his lunging strokes kept knocking me off my feet
and made my hips grind into the sides of the desk with bruising
force. His belly made slapping sounds as it smacked against my firm
buttocks on every stroke. It was so loud, i was afraid someone
might hear and come in and find me like this.
     Nevertheless, my cunt started to heat up something awful.
Maybe it was the sight of Toni getting fucked only feet away from
me, of her legs up in the air on Ian's shoulders, and then her
ankles pushed way back against the side of her head, baring and
exposing her whole crotch for Ian to punch into.
     Before long, I was anxiously awaiting Brian's forward strokes,
following the steady downward progress of his prick as it slid down
my cunt tube to the end, with eager anticipation.
     I pushed myself up off the desk, supporting my body with my
two hands, one on a stack of papers, and the other half in his
ashtray, and half on a message tray. I grunted as I pushed my ass
back to meet his forward strokes, making his cock rip down up my
cunt tube with even more force and speed.
     "Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck!" he cried.
He started to fuck into me with more speed, tearing his cock down
my cuntsheath furiously, and then hammering it back into me. I
humped back at him, my mouth open and drooling, my back arched
backward.
     I threw my head way, way back, so it was practically over his
shoulder as he rutted into me. Then I came, my mouth making
whimpering, animal like noises, as girl juice gushed down my
already sopping cunt tunnel.
     I could hear Toni squealing helplessly off to my right. It was
the kind of squeal she made when she was cumming. I knew that from
when we had jerked off together years ago. Her anguished breathing
and panting breath sent me into higher orbit as my body continued
to shake and quiver.
     Ian slammed his tool deep into my fuck box and held it there
as it pumped out long streams and wads of jism. My body sucked it
up eagerly, drawing the gooey stuff up my sucking voracious cunt
tunnel to my womb, and pulling it inside.

     Well, needless to say, I was pretty fucking pissed off at them
after I'd regained my senses. Not that they cared of course. They'd
both fucked two girls that night, and nothing else mattered to
them. I told Ian to go and fuck himself from now on, and walked
home with Toni.
     Toni was pissed off too, though not as much as I was. She was
more concerned with me, still thinking that that was my first fuck.
I set her straight as we walked down the darkened streets towards
my place. She was shocked, and more than a little envious at my
encounter, demanding detailed descriptions of every part of the
man's body.
     "But why did you let him?" she demanded.
"I thought you had everything all planned out."
     "Yeah I did, though it didn't turn out like I thought it would
anyway."
     "That's for sure, those bastards."
     "Boys are asshole."
     "Yeah. But I like fuckin' em'." she giggled.
     "Yeah." I agreed ruefully.
     "But how come they're the ones that are always in charge of
it."
"I dunno, maybe cause they're stronger than us."
     "That prick Ian tore my panties." I complained.
     "He's an asshole."
     "Did he want to fuck your tits?"
     "No. Brian did that though, although he came in my pussy at
least at least."
     A car that was driving down the road, slowed right next to us.
We both turned to see the thing filled with boys, all staring at
us. We turned away, ignoring them.
     "Hey girls. Want a ride?" One of them called.
     "No thanks." I answered.
     "Come on, there's lots of room."
     "We'd rather walk." Toni said.
     "You could sit on my lap." one of them called.
     "Yeah, he's got a hard one for you to sit on." another voice
added, and several of them laughed uproariously.
     "Get lost assholes." I yelled.
     "Hey, come on baby. We can have a nice little party."
     "Yeah, look lets see your pussy!"
     "Lets see the blonde's tits!"
     "Hey, what's your name blondie?"
     "You got huge tits blondie!"
     "Eat shit and die!" Toni yelled.
     "I got something for you to eat!"
     "Bet they're a couple of dykes!"
     "You two like suckin' each others pussys?"
We tried to ignore them as they drove alongside us yelling
obscenities for several minutes. Cursing back only encouraged
stupid boys like these, I'd found.
     "Hey you! You in the blue miniskirt! I got ten inches of meat
for your pussy!"
     "Lets see your titties blondie!"
     "They're not titties, they're watermelons!"
     "No, they're torpedoes!"
     "Lookit her ass! I bet she'd like a cock up there!"
     "Hey you in the blue, You want a cock up your asshole?"
     They went on and on until we finally reached the Finster's
yard and me and Toni ran up the sidewalk towards they're door. Then
they finally took off, hooting and yelling some more nasty comments
behind them.
     Both me and Toni were mad as hell. Her face was flaming red,
and she was on the verge of tears.
     "Fucking pricks!" I snapped.
     "I hate them! I hope they crash and burn!" she hissed.
     "Did you recognize any of them?"
She shook her head.
     We waited a minute and then continued walking home. It had not
been a great night for either of us. Even though I'd had a couple
of nice cums, I still hadn't gotten the romantic fucking, the
making love, that I'd wanted.
     I was figuring out, as I rode the elevator up to my apartment,
just how to go about taking control long enough to arrange
something like that.
     What I really wanted, was a romantic liaison with a cute guy.
Some nice hugging and kissing in front of a roaring fireplace,
followed by a beautiful, loving, sexual joining. How I was supposed
to get something like that, though, I didn't know.
     Monday morning it was all over the school about what me and
Toni had done with Ian and Brian. We just denied it all of course,
so it was their word against ours. Most people believed us, because
Brian was known as a fucking liar anyway, and Ian was always
exaggerating.
     I was eating lunch in the cafeteria when Susan, this twerpy
little bleached blonde, comes over to me.
     "Is it true you and Toni and Ian and Brian were screwing in
the Principals office?" she asked, all breathless.
     "Not really." I answered cooly. Then I looked around, as if
checking to see if anyone else was within earshot. Nobody was and
I motioned her closer.
     "The truth is we were kind of fooling around, you know..." She
nodded eagerly.
     "Anyway, Ian and Brian go out to get some brews, and me and
Toni were just sitting around doing nothing, when we heard this
funny noise."
     "Yeah, yeah!?"
     "We go over to the door, and peak around, and you know what we
saw?"
     She shook her head.
     "Brian and Ian were kissing each other!"
     "No!?"
     I nodded my head and made a face.
     "It was incredibly gross looking. They were frenching each
other, and Brian had his hand in Ian's pants."
     "My God!"
     "So of course me and Toni got the hell out of there."
     "Of Course."
     "Don't tell anyone though."
     "I promise."
What a lie. She was the biggest gossip in the school. Within an
hour it would be all over the place. I sat back and grinned to
myself. That would teach those two assholes. Most people wouldn't
believe it of course. But they would sure bug those two about it.

     "Tammie. Would you stay behind please."
I gave Toni a look that said, what does she want now."
     She shrugged and waved as she moved out with the rest. I
walked up to Miss Coopers desk and stood there for a few seconds
while she did some kind of paperwork.
Then she looked up at me.
     "You're a week late with your assignment."
     "I... I couldn't think of anything to write about." I said.
     "Oh, come on. There's lots of things you can write about."
     "Well, I couldn't think of any, not in that, whatchamakalit,
second person plural pronounce...."
     "Second person singular.Tammie, I think your real problem is
lack of effort."
     "I just can't get started." I sighed.
     "You can't keep putting it off. I want you to do it tonight."
I nodded glumly.
     "Look, you live on Marble, don't you?"
     I nodded again.
     "Well, I live just around the corner on Elm. Why don't you
drop by around six and I'll help you get started."
     "Oh, that's okay." I said.
     "It's not a lot of trouble, and if you don't get it done by
day after tomorrow, I'm going to have to give you an F."
     "Okay." I sighed, not very happy about it.

     Her house was a pretty nice one with lots of shrubs and bushes
and flowers around. I wouldn't have expected it of her. Of course
it's always hard to think of teachers as human beings. I went up to
the door and rang the bell, wondering how long I'd have to stay
before I could find a good excuse to leave.
     The door opened and she looked down at me in a bit of
surprise, like she'd forgotten I was coming.
     "Oh... Hi Tammie. Come on in." she smiled.
     "Just take off your shoes and put them by the door."
     She sure looked different than at school. She was only wearing
a green dressing gown for one thing. Her red hair wasn't bound up
tight like at school, but surrounded her face and fell down around
her shoulders.
     "This is a nice place." I said. "I bet it cost a lot of
money."
     "Oh not that much really." she replied.
     "It's sure nicer than our apartment."
     "Well, I never liked apartments myself."
She sat down on the couch and motioned me to sit next to her.
     I sat down about a foot away, but then I had to shift over
closer to see the book she opened. God how I hated English.
     "Your problem Tammie, is you don't bring this into your own
level."
     "Huh?"
     "Well, for instance, what are you interested in?"
     "I dunno."
     "Well, what about boys, do you like boys?"
     "Yeah, o' course."
     "Well then, why not write about boys?"
     "Like how?"
     "Write  about your last date say."
I snickered, and then covered my mouth with my hand.
     "Whats so funny? Your last date not turn out well?"
     "It was kind of strange." I admitted.
     "Well, how about writing about the kind of date you really
wanted to have?"
     "What do you mean?"
     "Write about a fantasy date. It doesn't have to be about you,
or someone you know. Use some make believe girl, and write about a
wonderful, perfect date."
     "I'd get expelled."
     "Oh really?" she raised her eyebrows and grinned.
     "Well, maybe not expelled, but I couldn't write about it
without gettin' in trouble.
     "It might surprise you honey, but us old folks know a lot more
about sex than you do, and we all have sex too."
     My face reddened slightly.
     "There isn't anything you've done, that we haven't. There
isn't anything you've thought about doing, that we haven't thought
about doing too. There's nothing new under the sun when it comes to
sex Tammie."
     "I guess." I said, not really convinced.
     She sat back and looked at me.
     "You know, when I was your age, I had this terrible crush on
one of my teachers. I had these incredibly graphic fantasies about
what the two of us could do together. On deserted islands, in beds,
floors, even the main stage at the theatre."
     "You dreamed about doing it on the stage?!" I gasped. "Were
people watching?"
     "Thousands of em', all cheering us on."
     "Wow, you do have weird dreams."
     "And you don't dream about things like that?"
     "Well... not on a stage anyway."
     "Ha!"
     "What happened with your teacher?"
     "You mean did I ever..."
     I nodded.
     "Yes, I did as a matter of fact."
     "And... "
     "It was terrific actually. She was a very experienced, loving
woman."
My face probably showed my astonishment.
     "You didn't think I meant a woman did you?"
     I shook my head and swallowed, fighting off the images of Miss
Cooper and some other woman.
     "Remember, I was your age. I didn't know anything about sex.
Oh, I'd been to bed with a couple of boys, but I hadn't learned
anything. They were a couple of useless articles really. Lucille
showed me about my body, and how to get the most out of it. She
showed me what to do with boys, how to get them to... "
     She looked at me and then seemed to change her mind.
     "But we shouldn't be talking about this. I shouldn't have told
you about it. Please forget I said anything."
     "But I want to know!" I exclaimed.
     "Well, You'll have to find out somewhere else Tammie."
     "Are you... you know... a... "
     "Lesbian?"
     I nodded.
     "No... not really. I mostly have sex with men."
     "Mostly?"
     "Sex is a pleasure you can share with any willing, caring
partner Tammie. I know you're not a virgin, so you should know
that."
     I swallowed again, my eyes unaccountably drawn to her dressing
gown, which had opened enough to see the top of her ample cleavage.
I had never given any really serious thought to the idea of sex
with a woman. Now my mind could think of nothing else.
     Sudden flashes of Toni naked, with her massive breasts
swollen, her nipples erect, flashed in front of my eyes. What would
Toni think if I came on to her? What would Susan think? Was it true
that Susan and Meghan...
     "Are you all right?" There was concern in Miss Cooper's voice.
     "I... I'm fine." I cleared my throat, feeling the hot flush
that must be making my skin red.
     "Well... maybe we should get back to the reason you're here."
She picked up the book and turned to me.
     I don't know what made me do it. I had had lots of impulses in
my life. Once I'd been at school, and had the impulse to reach in
front of me and caress the hair of the boy sitting there. I'd
actually raised my hand, when I'd realized what I was doing and
stopped.
     Anyway, without even really thinking about it, I moved against
Miss Cooper and threw my arm around her shoulders, and then kissed
her full on the lips. She pulled back, startled, her eyes opening
wide. But I followed her, keeping my lips against hers until she
returned the pressure.
     THen her hands gripped my arms and pushed me back. Her face
was serious.
     "Tammie. Are you sure you want to do this?"
     I nodded, unable to speak. I leaned forward again, and this
time she folded her arms around me, and her lips pressed hungrily
against mine.
     I felt her tongue shoot past my lips as she pulled my body
against hers. She was soft and warm, and smelled incredibly clean
and nice. Her tongue was gently, flicking in and out lightly, just
touching my own. Her hands slid through my long brown hair,
stroking it, curling it.
     She pulled me half on her, her arms hugging me tightly. I felt
my breast push against hers, and the feeling sent a hot flush of
excitement through my body.
     Then I gasped as her hand dropped to my crotch and squeezed my
pubic mound through my tight jeans.
     She wasn't rough like the Ian, or that man had been, instead
she was incredibly soft and gentle. She stroked and kissed my face
and neck, and slid her hands up and down my body as light as
feathers.
     Then her fingers gently unbuttoned my shirt from top to
bottom. She never stopped kissing me, or sliding her tongue and
lips along the nape of my neck, or across my cheeks. When her hands
slid beneath my shirt and fondled my breast through the tight
packing of my bra, I literally groaned with pleasure and relief.
     Her deft fingers unclipped the bra and it fell away, allowing
my raw, swollen breasts to burst free. She smiled as she looked
down at them, then kissed me again on the lips, very gently. Then
her head lowered, and her lips slid down along my throat to my
shoulders.
     She kissed my shoulders, then moved lower still, sliding her
tongue in tiny circles around my upper chest. She pushed me back
against the couch, so my chest pushed outward. Her mouth slid down
between my pulsing breasts, moving feather like, down beneath them.

     "You have lovely breasts Tammie." she said. Then her mouth
moved around my right breast, bare centimetres along the lower
edge, just tracing the outline of the circular orb. SHe licked and
kissed a circle all around my breast, from top to bottom, never
actually touching the breast itself.
     She left a moist trail behind her that outlined my breast's
hot need as it throbbed and hummed in desperate demand for
attention. My nipples were both rigid with strain as she circled
around and around my left breast.
     My hand moved to her head, tentatively at first. I was unsure
of this relationship with this woman who had been, still was, my
teacher. I pressed her against me, trying to move her mouth upward
onto my straining nipples. She pulled away and smiled, then shook
her head.
     "Wait for me Tammie." she whispered.
She pushed my hands away and returned to my breasts. My breathing
was coming in harsh gasps as she worked around and around them,
turning them into two glowing balls of fire that burned and
throbbed on my chest.
     Her hands cupped both breasts as she worked on them. Again, as
with her mouth, she was incredibly gentle. Her hands held my
breasts ever so lightly. It was almost like they weren't there,
except that they kept squeezing and stroking the undersides of the
heaving meaty sacks.
     Then one of her hands left my right breast. It disappeared and
then suddenly it was at my crotch. This time she squeezed my mound
very tightly. At the same time her mouth descended on my right
breast.
     Her lips opened wide and she engulfed the center of my tit,
biting, chewing, sucking in, devouring my white hot nipple, and
huge, meaty amounts of flesh. Her mouth was a voracious vacuum,
suckling and consuming. Her teeth were ravenous, harsh, biting
deep, grinding across my spasming nipple, chewing on my tender
flesh. Her tongue was a mad, writhing, rasping creature. It whipped
across my flesh furiously, tweaking and twirling against my nipple.
     I came.
I'd never cum with my pants still on before. I'd never come without
anyone actually touching my pussy, at least not just from them
squeezing it through my jeans.
     I gave a low gargle of astonished pleasure as my pussy
erupted, burned, spasmed against the tight grip of my jeans, and
the even tighter, squeezing grip of Miss Conner's hand. My breasts
felt like they'd swollen to twice their normal size, and then
exploded.
     My head shook and bounced uncontrollably against the back of
the chesterfield as Miss Cooper devoured my breast. Her other hand
was firmly squeezing my left breast, twisting, fingers digging in
deep. She sucked on my right tit so hard I though dazedly that she
would tear my nipple off.
     Then my head stopped bouncing, and my body stopped shaking,
and I opened my eyes to stare at her in wonder as she pulled away
from my breasts and kissed me again on the lips, very gently.
     "I have so much to teach you baby girl." she whispered.
     Her hands moved in slow circles around my breasts, which rose
and fell atop my heaving chest. Her fingers slid lower, caressing
the skin of my flat belly, and then unclipped the clasp of my
jeans. My hands moved automatically to undo them, but again she
pushed them away.
     "Let me." she said softly.
The sound of the zipper going down was incredibly loud in the quiet
room. When it was down low, her hand danced into my jeans. It
burrowed gently down inside my panties, across my light fluffy
pubic hair to cup my slit directly.
     She felt the wetness there and smiled at me again. Her fingers
slid up and down the slit, and then twisted around against my
clitty. She found it easily, unlike the boys whos hands had been
down there in my pants.
     The sudden touch of her warm fingers on my clit almost sent me
into another cum. My body shuddered visibly as she rubbed it back
and forth between the two fingers. Then she kissed me again, our
tongues intertwining.
     She pulled me against her again, so I was almost lying down,
draped across her lap. Her hand round and round my breasts and
belly, then caressed my cheeks and stroked my forehead. Her other
hand continued to gently rub and squeeze my clitty until I couldn't
help humping against her.
     She gripped my jeans and pulled them slowly down over my hips,
then down my legs and off. Her hands moved down under my shoulders
then, pulling off my open shirt and bra, leaving me naked, but for
the thin, damp string bikini panties I was wearing.
     The were a tiny, piece of material, made of silk, a bright
pretty red color, with frilly lace around the top. They barely
covered my pubic mound, and rode up behind into my ass crack. There
was a much darker shade of red over my slit where my juices had
leaked out.
     She continued to stroke and caress my body as her hand slid
beneath the surface of my panties and rubbed against my slit and
clitty. For the first time, she pushed a finger into me. It was a
very light little thrust, just a little dip an inch deep.
     She pulled out again, then pushed in again, two inches this
time. Her fingers continued to rub and squeeze on my clit as she
wiggled a finger down inch by inch, into the tight, wet, furnace
hot depths of my cunt slit.
     "Pretty little girl." she whispered.
     "Hot little girl."
     "Tight little girl."
     Her finger was in me up to her knuckles and I could feel it
moving around inside me. It pushed up, then down, then from side to
side, pushing against all the sides of my tight clasping,
suctioning cunt hole. I grunted as the waves of pleasure continued
to assault my mind.
     My cunt was burning hot from her ministrations, and my entire
body shivered and trembled as sexual need consumed me. I could only
stare up into her face, watching her intent eyes, or down at my
panties, watching the movement of her knuckles against the thin
material, pushing it upward.
     Then a furious rush of sexual pleasure and ecstasy blew into
my mind. I felt it coming, building very quickly into a maelstrom
of gut wrenching force. It consumed my body, blasted my thoughts to
pieces and sent my body into convulsions.
     My legs were spread wide and my back was bent across her lap.
My feet bounced on the couch and my groin humped up against her
fingers. I gasped, and grunted repeatedly, like an animal. I closed
my eyes tightly and simply floated through the intense shattering
sensations.
     Then I came down, sliding out of the cum into a warm,
pleasured relaxation. Miss Cooper continued to stroke me, caress
me. There was a pleased smile on her face as I looked up at her
again.
     "Did you like that Tammie?" she asked.
     Unaccountably, I felt embarrassed. Here I was practically
naked, bouncing around in her lap, with her hands in my crotch and
on my breasts, cumming against ... this woman.
     She seemed to sense what I was thinking. Her hands came around
my shoulders and she pulled me up to a sitting position. Then she
stood and faced me. She undid the sash on her robe and pulled it
open, then dropped it on the floor.
     I swallowed shyly, nervously, almost afraid to look at her
nudity, but unable to stop myself.
She had a lovely body, that was certain. Perhaps it was the
conservative clothes she wore at school that had obscured that. Her
breast were high and proud, larger than mine, though not Toni's
     Her hips were wide beneath a tiny waist, and her pubic hair
was cut into a thin line around her slit, cut for a revealing
bikini, I realized. That was strange too, imagining Miss Cooper in
a bikini. Then it came to me that I'd solved the question a lot of
the kids had wondered, wether she was a natural redhead... she was.
     She held her hands down to me and I gripped them with mine.
She pulled me up so I was standing right in front of her, facing
her directly, for we were virtually the same height. She pulled me
closer and we kissed again, our breasts pressed together, mashing
against each other as our arms went around each other and pulled
together.
     Her breasts were hard too, her nipples digging into my boobs
like hard little pebbles. They felt incredibly strange against me.
I'd never felt a woman's breasts before, except for my own of
course, and that was entirely different.
     Our mouths were locked in a tight wet kiss. Our tongues
twirling together. Our bodies pushed against each other, every inch
of the front of my body pressed against hers from knees to mouths.
     Her hands slid up and down on my back. One moved up to my
head, stroking my hair as she kissed me, pushing my head against
hers with more power. Her other hand slid down along my spine, and
onto my buttocks.
     She squeezed first one, then the other, then both. Her hand
moved down the center, the cleavage between my buttocks, down
beneath my panties, down between my legs and onto my pussy mound.
     I wanted to do the same, and yet... I was afraid to, this was
Miss Cooper, funny how I still thought of her like that. I couldn't
bring myself to do more than hug her, with my hands chastely around
her back, against her shoulders.
     Her hand gripped my panties and pulled them down off my hips.
They dropped into a pool at my feet and I stepped slowly out of
them as her lips remained locked against mine.
     Then her head pulled away, leaving me dazed an shaking. She
moved downward, sucking in my right breast, nibbling on it lightly,
then dropping lower. She dropped slowly down to her knees on the
rug before me, her hands pushing on the inside of my thighs,
pushing them apart.
     I opened my legs, standing there uncertainly, and a little
fearfully. Her face was in front of my groin. Then she pushed her
lips upward, into my crotch. I felt her tongue against my slit. It
moved firmly, pressing inward against the slit. It slid upward and
then downward, running the length of my narrow clasp.
     Her hands reached up behind me and felt my ass cheeks,
squeezing them tightly. Her tongue started pushing deeper into my
slit, pushing in a full inch at least, then pushing upward along
the length of the slit again, right to the top.
     She pushed her lips against my clitty then, sucking it in
between them and then hummed, or purred like a cat, sending
shattering vibrations up into my body that sent my guts churning
and twisting. My legs were trembling and wobbly, and my hands
dropped onto her head to help balance myself.
     Her tongue darted in and out between my cuntlips, slurping up
my juices, rasping against my clitty, digging deep inside me. Her
lips sucked and squeezed on my clitty as her tongue whipped madly
across it. I was groaning and twitching, trying desperately to keep
from losing my balance as she shot me upward into another climax.
     My legs were spread wide apart and my back bent over as my
head swung up and then back so my hair dropped  down my back and I
stared at the ceiling. I shook and groaned through the tremendous
sensations of ecstasy coming up into me from that mad twirling
tongue.
     My cunt felt like a punctured balloon, spewing outward through
the tiny narrow center that was my cuntmouth, spewing out into that
voracious mouth that was devouring me. I collapsed finally, slowly
dropping forward against her. She helped support me as I fell to my
knees and lay sagging against her.
     She waited for me to regain control and some strength,
stroking my hair slowly, whispering little things into my ear. Then
she rose, and pulled me up beside her. Her hand clasped mine and
she walked out of the living room toward the stairs.
     I followed, wondering what else lay in store, wondering what
I would be doing for her, wondering if I could bring her to such
furious heights the way she'd done to me. We walked upstairs and
then down the hall to her bedroom.
     Her bedroom was huge. It had all kinds of plants and stuff all
around. There was several bureaus and chairs, and a settee. The
center of the room was taken up by a huge four poster bed. It was
a King size bed, with four wooden posts going up to a square frame
at least seven feet above the bed where a canopy could be placed.
     She led me by the hand over to the huge bed, then stopped at
the foot of it, pulling me around against her again. She pressed me
against one of the wide wooden posts, pushing me back against it as
she kissed me. Her hands pulled mine up, far above my head, and
pushed them against the post, pressing my back flat against it.
     Her lips moved down along my neck, and throat, chewing
lightly, then moved further down onto my already straining breasts,
sucking on one, then the other. Then she stood up straight again
and pulled me over to the bed. We both slid down onto the firm wide
mattress, our bodies sliding against each other.
     She didn't bother pulling covers aside, we weren't about to go
to sleep after all. She spread me out on the mattress on my back,
my legs far apart, and then she dove in between them again. Her
lips moving against my pussy, her mouth humming, buzzing, her teeth
nibbling, her tongue rasping and digging.
     She slid her hands under my ass, squeezing my soft white
buttocks and pulling upward, holding my lower body like she was
munching on a watermelon. I groaned, and wiggled my hips, humping
my crotch up at her face as she tongued me
     I edged upward into another sexual storm, my body vibrating
and humming in tune with her voracious oral assault on the center
of my being. My fingers gripped the bedspread, striving to hold
onto some sense of reality as my body was buffeted by hurling winds
of sexual fire.
     My back arched, and my groin humped up against her face
furiously. Then for the first time, my hands moved against her with
something other than apprehension. I pushed her face deep into my
crotch, mashing her face against my pussy.
     My body was bouncing on the mattress, my head shaking. My legs
came up around her, clasping her against me. My heels pressed
harshly into her back. I rolled over suddenly, my body flung up and
around by a whipping flood of hot flashing sexual power exploding
in my gut.
     I pulled her body around with me, flinging her around onto her
back with her face still pressed into my groin. My hands were under
her head as I gasped and sobbed through a sexual whirlwind of
sensations. My legs were still pressing into her back, pounding
into her, pressing her, locking her against me.
     My own face was mashed into the bedspread as I humped down
against her, riding her face through a blinding gale of ecstatic
orgasmic sensations. Then I collapsed completely. Miss Coooper
rolled me over and crawled up alongside me to hug me tightly.
     She kissed my forehead, pushing the hair out of my face as she
stroked my cheeks with her fingers.
     When I had recovered somewhat, I insisted that it was my turn
to give her pleasure, ignoring her response that bringing me to
orgasm was a pleasure for her. I slid down between her legs, and
looked at the first cunt, other than my own I'd ever seen up close.
     It looked much like mine, actually. I slid my hand out and
palmed her cuntal mound, surprised at how hot it was, and how soft,
and... yes, it was damp, damp with her perspiration and... her own
juices.
     I found her clitty, pulled it up and rolled it between my
fingers. I moved my face in against her and flicked my tongue out
against her clit, then held it gently as my tongue rubbed across it
repeatedly. I sucked it between my lips as she'd done to mine, and
tried that humming she'd done.
     I sucked and sucked, my fingers moving gently across her slit,
then pushing inward. Suddenly her crotch humped up against me,
pushing my face away. I looked up at her, along the length of her
shuddering body, and realized that she was cumming. I was
astonished. I'd hardly started after all.
     I quickly grabbed at her clitty again, sucking it into my lips
as I thrust a stiff finger down into her slit all the way to my
knuckle. She groaned loudly, and called my name several times,
moaning it into the still air. "Oh Tammie...Tammie baby... Oh God
Tammie, my baby!" she cried.
     I continued to suck on her clitty until her body stilled, and
then looked up across the length of her flat belly, between her
rounded titties to her face. Her eyes were closed and her mouth
open wide, gasping in air.
     It was amazing to me that I'd made this woman cum, and so
easily. I continued to work on her cunt, determined to pay her back
for the multiple cums she'd given me. Soon she was bouncing atop
the mattress with wild abandon. Her body writhing against me as I
dug my tongue deep into her slit, sucking out her juices.
     I moved upward then, straddling her belly, sitting atop her.
I leaned forward, grinning shyly down at her face. She looked back
at me through half closed eyes and smiled tiredly. Her hands came
up and cupped my buttocks as I sat on her belly. I felt her soft
skin pressing into my pussy as I sat there, then leaned forward and
kissed her once more.
     Then her hand fumbled for something in the night table. I
wasn't watching, not paying much attention. I was intent only on
her eyes, staring deep into them as I half sat, half lay atop her.
Then I felt her fingers... no, it was something else, something...
     I looked around startled, and my eyes opened wide. Miss Cooper
was holding an immense rubbery tube that looked sort of... kind
of... well... it looked like a huge monster cock, only it had two
heads, one on either side. It must have been at least a foot and a
half, maybe two feet long.
     "It... it won't fit..." I gasped.
     "It will darling. Trust me it will."
I didn't know then of course that she wasn't intending to stuff the
whole long thing into me, and trembled slightly in fear.
     It pushed easily into my tight cunt from behind, especially
with my legs spread wide around her body and my cum fairly drooling
out of me. I felt it move into me several inches, then several
more. I grunted as my pussy adjusted to the sudden penetration.
     Miss Cooper rolled over then, dropping me onto my back. Her
hand held the huge round rubber tube firmly, sliding it in and out
of my wet sparkling cunt hole. She pushed it in deeper ever time,
shoving that fat schlong high into my belly.
     I lay on my back, legs spread as she lay beside me on her
side, propped up on one elbow, watching me with a strange smile on
her face. The rubber cock was going way up into me now. I looked
down as she pulled it all the way out, so even the tip pulled free
of my moist hot cunt.
     Then she pushed it back, penetrated me again, stuffed it into
me with a long, slow, smooth thrusting motion that sent inch after
inch after inch up into my body until I felt it ramming up against
something high inside me that refused to give.
     "S... Stop!" I gasped. "Please."
"Shhh." she whispered.
But she eased back on the pressure anyway. She continued to slide
the monster cock in and out of my pussy, pushing it up against my
clit with each stroke. I shivered against the rising waves of heat.
     Then she shifted around, squatting near my crotch, facing me.
I watched half dazed as she pushed her own cunt up against the
other end of the double headed cock and squatted for a second. Then
she inserted the rounded head into her slit and sank down.
     The cock slid up into her, bending to move upward as her body
moved down against it at an angle. She sighed as it slid up inside
her belly. I watched entranced, as more and more of it disappeared.
Finally, there was only a few inches of rubber cock visible between
her cunt opening and mine.
     She threw her legs aside, and lay down on her side with her
legs running up along my body. She twined her legs though mine,
sliding one up along my back, and the other up my belly to my
chest.
     I rolled over slightly and she humped upward, bringing herself
closer against me. I winced as she pushed her crotch toward mine,
digging the fake cock harder into me. She hissed, obviously being
pressed tight herself, but pushed upward again.
     Another inch of rubber cock pushed into us. My cunt tube felt
like it was bulging inside me, felt bloated and distended as she
humped against me again, driving more prick into me. I shivered in
pain, looking down at where our crotches almost joined. Only an
inch or so of the fake cock was visible between the folds of our
cuntlips.
     She reached upward and grasped my left hand with her right,
then I grabbed her left hand with my right. We slowly pulled
together, groaning with the strain put on our fuck boxes, but
determined to envelope the huge cock completely.
     Then I felt her cuntlips against my own. Sweat was streaming
down my face from the pain, and I could see her grimacing, gritting
her teeth as she sought to bury the last of the cock in her gut. We
pulled more, and our cuntlips mashed together hard.
     We lay still, allowing our pussys to adjust to the deep
penetration of the fuck stick. Miss Cooper wiggled against me
finally. She moved her hips in a very slow rocking motion that
brought her cuntlips rubbing and squishing against mine.
     We rocked together for several minutes, hot sexual fire
building in each of us as our glistening, pulpy cunt mounds
squashed and rubbed together. Then she pushed away from me, pulling
her cunt downward. Some of the cunt eased out of me, pulled down by
her sucking pussy.
     Then she lunged her hips back up, driving the cock back into
me with a sudden brutal, shocking stab that drove the breath from
my lungs and made me cry out in startled pain and pleasure. She
pulled out again, just a few inches, then humped back, jamming the
cock back into me just as I began to recover from the first hump.
     "N... no." I whispered.
She did it again anyway, and then again, and then again, jamming,
stabbing, stuffing that long fat rubber prick into my cunt tunnel.
     My body began to imitate her, began humping back at her, began
pulling and pushing the cock against the tight squeezing pull of
her cunt. We got into a hot, fiery rhythm, rocking and humping
against each other with greater and greater speed.
     She came suddenly, her body writhing and twisting as it was
overcome by orgasm. Her groin hammered against mine, driving the
fucktool into me with harsh strokes, and mashing and grinding her
cuntmound against mine.
     She drove me into my own orgasm, and the two of us gasped and
groaned and whined as we shuddered together on the bed, linked
together by that fat rubber tool embedded in our guts.
     "Oh Jesus, Baby!" she sighed, pulling her red hair away from
her face and grinning up at me. "You're a hot little vixen aren't
you?"
She groaned and slowly slid down away from me, pulling the rubber
prick down my bloated cunt tube as she slid down off of it.
     Then she rolled over and sat up, the cock finally out of her.
Several inches were still inside me though, and I weakly moved my
hand down to pull the thing loose as she crawled up next to me.

     We never did get around to my writing assignment. I wrote some
inconsequential story about a girl and boy walking hand in hand
through the surf, and she gave me an A. It was a little weird
seeing her in school next day, wearing her bulky sweater and long
skirt, hair tied tightly in a bun behind her head.
     Now I'd had sex with three people, but I still hadn't had the
kind of wonderful, romantic lovemaking I was looking for. Of course
it could be that I needed to find someone with more time and
experience than the others. Miss Cooper was plenty experienced of
course, but I wanted a man. Rubber was nice, but not as nice as
flesh.
     I had a plan to take care of that though. My parents were
going out of town for a party at some friends the next Saturday.
They would be gone all evening and most of the next day my Mom
said.
     Now all I had to do was find a likely prospect and arrange for
him to be at my house Saturday night. I chose Bobbie Mallis. Bobbie
was a wide receiver on the senior football team. I'd heard Ian say
he had a huge cock.
     I invited Bobbie over for a private dinner, and needless to
say, he agreed. I planned it all out, only this time I was going to
control things. Miss Cooper, had shown me the ways to control a
man's speed during sex and I would use them all.
     My parents left at five, and I scurried around preparing
dinner for Bobbie. I got out the good silverware and Crystal candle
holders. I put on a soft, slinky evening dress that belonged to my
Mom. It was a little small for me, but that was fine, it made my
tits bulge out more in the cleavage, and hugged my ass like a
second skin.
     Bobbie arrived at seven, wearing a suit like I'd told him. He
was a little confused, but willing to go along with me, especially
once he saw me in the tight green dress.
     We sipped champagne from crystal glasses in the darkened room.
The light from the pair of candles bounced and reflected off the
crystal and silverware as we ate. Soft music played from the
stereo, and more flames crackled in the living room fireplace.
     I'd brought over my Mom's fur coats and laid them out in front
of the fireplace. She'd be furious if she knew, and even more
furious if she knew what I intended doing on them.
     After dinner, Bobbie and I moved into the living room and over
to the fireplace, sitting together, watching the flames. It was
perfect. We sipped wine, and kissed. I managed to control his
enthusiasm, even though I could see he had a huge bulge in his
crotch.
     Slowly I undressed him, down to his underwear, then I slid
those off so he was naked. He unzipped my dress and slid it down my
body. I was wearing nothing underneath. Our bodies coiled together
atop my Mom's furs as we kissed and fondled each other.
     Then he spread my legs and entered me. His cock was even
bigger than Ian had reported. It filled my pussy to overflowing as
he humped into me. I grunted with sexual pleasure as he rutted into
me, then rolled over so he was beneath me.
     I squatted atop him sliding my pussy up and down his rigid
organ as he sighed in happiness. My cunt was hot and dripping wet
as it slid up and down, up and down over his rigid male meat.
     My eyes focused, and unfocused as I fucked down on him. I
twisted my hips around wildly and squashed my pussy lips against
his abdomen. I loved the feeling of that fat, hard prick up inside
me, sliding back and forth in my belly.
     I started to slide into an orgasm, my body heating and glowing
and sweating with exertion. My skin tingled and my breasts felt
bloated and heavy. I arched my back, bowing way, way back so my
head was looking behind me, and then...
     Then the lights came on.
     At first I couldn't focus enough of my mind to care, but then
I opened my eyes and looked towards the door behind me in dazed
shock to see my Mother standing only a dozen feet away, staring at
me with an appalled expression on her face.
     It took a few moments for my muddled mind to understand what
was happening. I was still grinding my pussy on Bobbie's prick,
still siding my ass up and down as my Mom watched. Then It finally
sank through the first dozen layers and I went white, coming down
to earth in a hurry.
     I pulled myself upright, twisting my head to stare back at
her. My mouth opened but I couldn't say anything. She didn't say
anything either, simply staring at me with a stunned look on her
face.
     Holy Jesus Fucking Christ, I thought.
I scrambled up, only to be pulled back down by Bobbie. He was
laying with his feet towards my Mom, and me blocking his view, and
didn't see her. He humped upward, driving his cock back into my
tight pussy tunnel.
     His hands were around my waist and I tried desperately to pry
them loose, hissing at him, that my Mom was here. I managed to get
his hands off my waist but they shifted to my breasts, squeezing
them tightly.
     "Bobbie!" I shouted. "Let go you asshole!"
I tore his hands loose and jerked upward, sliding up off his cock
and staggering back against the couch. Bobbie finally realized
there was someone else there and jumped up, covering his glistening
hard cock with his hand.
     "Mrs... Mrs Adams!" he stuttered. He grabbed his pants and
shirt and staggered across the rug to the kitchen. My Father showed
up at the front door just in time to see his naked buttocks
disappear through the swinging door. His expression was even more
stunned than my Mom's.
     So much for my perfect romantic fuck. I was grounded for a
month, and my car was taken away from me for two months. My parents
whined and wailed and carried on for hours before finally subsiding
to a sullen snarkyness.

Toni seemed to derive some kind of vicarious thrill from hearing
about it over and over again. She insisted on every single detail,
her eyes and mouth wide as she listened.
     "Oh My God!" she said, repeatedly.
"You mean he kept fucking you with her standing right there!?"
I nodded unhappily.
"Then what?"
     "I already told you Toni. Forget about it will you?"
     "He grabbed your tits right in front of her?"
I sighed, and moved my books over into my other arm. I didn't even
have a bag for them since I always just threw them in the back of
the Jeep.
     "I can't believe it! You must have been mortified!"
     "To say the least." I replied, sullenly.
     "Wow!" she whispered.
"Do you think your Mom could see his cock going up into you from
where she stood?"
     "Toni! Shit! You sound like you're turned on by it all!"
     "I am not." she replied indignantly.
"It's just that it's such a fucking disaster. I don't know, maybe
it's like a car wreck where everybody wants to watch."
     "Disaster, I'll say. My Mom will hardly speak to me."
     "She'll get over it. She couldn't think you were a virgin
forever."
     "I don't think she wanted a demonstration of that."    "Wow."
     We stopped at the bus and waited. I hated buses. It came ten
minutes later and we got on. There wasn't any seats of course and
we were crowded in together with piles of other people riding to
work and school. I felt like a sardine in a can, with bodies
pressing up against me on all sides.
     "How long do you think it'll be till you get your car back?"
Toni asked.
     "I don't know. My Dad said two months, but I can probably talk
him down when he cools off."
     "If he cools off."
     "Yeah."
She leaned forward then and put her mouth against my ear.
     "Don't look just now. Keep looking out the window."
I frowned and did as she told.
     "Theres a man sitting right in front of you, the guy with the
glasses, an he keeps staring right into your crotch."
     "Toni!" I complained.
She giggled, trying to muffle it.
     I looked around slowly, catching a guy who was probably around
forty as he turned his head back towards the window. I watched him
out of the corner of my eye and within a few seconds his head
turned around again. He didn't stare right into my crotch but his
eyes flickered to it again and again.
     I was wearing tight jeans, and his eyes seemed to keep
flicking right to where my legs joined together all right. I glared
at him but he pretended not to notice, turning his head to look out
the window. I turned around. Toni kept peeking at him and then
whispered at me again.
     "Now he's staring at your ass." she giggled.
It was sure fun riding buses.
     We got off at school, along with a flood of other kids. I
didn't see the guy again, but I felt his eyes on me as I walked
across the road. I was used to being watched by guys of course,
including men. I just didn't like it from such close range. I mean,
jees, the guys face must have been all of a foot away from my
crotch.
     At least Bobbie hadn't blabbed about our little get together.
I guess he was as embarrassed about the way it had turned out as I
was. At least his parents didn't know about it. My Mom and Dad
weren't about to advertise their slutty daughter's behaviour to
other adults.
     Of course, now that I was grounded, it was going to be kind of
hard to get my hot romantic fuck for a while. The only way would be
if I did it during the day, when my parents thought I was at
school.
     I was still trying to figure out something a couple of weeks
later. I walked to the bus stop and waited by myself. Toni had the
day off to go to some old Aunt's funeral, the lucky stiff. Ha, ha.
I had to ride the crummy bus myself.
     It only took me twenty minutes to get to school in my Jeep,
but the bus took closer to forty-five. We lurched along, starting
and stopping for people to get on and off, packed together so you
could hardly breath.
     I had made the mistake of going to the back of the bus like
the driver kept yelling out, and was standing in the section where
there were single seats against either side. That meant I had to
hang onto a strap hanging from the ceiling instead of one of the
bars or seat rails.
     There must have been twenty people standing up just in the
back section, at least four deep. I was clutching my stupid books
in my left arm, using my right to hold onto the strap. I felt a
hand on my behind then, and glanced around quickly.
     I couldn't see who it was though. We were all packed in
shoulder to shoulder. I couldn't even see his hand if it was still
on my ass.
     A moment later it was. The hand squeezed my buttocks through
my short mini-skirt. I tried to twist around but couldn't, nor
could I move away. We were bouncing down a rotten road full of
potholes so I couldn't take my hand off the strap to slap at him
either.
     My mind spun, trying to figure out what to do. I could scream,
but that would probably just make people laugh, or stare at me. I
remembered a later shout out in surprise on another ride when some
guy had grabbed her, and me and Toni had giggled about it.
     I thought about kicking back at him. I could do that. The
trouble was I didn't know if he was standing right behind me, or
off to one side. I didn't know who the pervert was.
     Meanwhile his hand was growing more comfortable on my ass. He
had grown tired of squeezing my cheeks through the skirt and pulled
it up, sliding his hand beneath it. I gasped as I felt his hand on
my pantied buttocks.
     What the hell was I going to do? My body was tense and rigid
from the strain, and I kept glancing covertly to either side,
trying to make out who was doing it. I managed to catch a glimpse
of his arm in the corner of my eye, and followed it upwards to the
body, or at least a piece of it.
     The guy was off to my left, wearing a dark blue suit. So it
was a man, not a kid. I tried to jam him in the stomach with my
elbow, but only managed a glancing blow. Nevertheless his hand came
off my ass for a second.
     I thought maybe he'd stop now, but now way, he was just
getting started. His hand slid under my skirt again. I felt it
slide between my thighs and squeeze my pussy. I gritted my teeth,
wondering how long it would be until enough people got off so I
could move.
     His hand slid up the outside of my leg, up to my hip where he
fingered the string waistband. Then I felt something cold, metal,
pressed against my hip there. There was a barely audible click
sound, and suddenly my panties came loose. He had cut the fucking
string!
     Before I could react, my panties dropped down to my ankles.
Now what the fuck was I going to do? Here I was with my panties
around my ankles right in a fucking bus where everyone could see
them. And I'd worn those gauzy black ones today too. Oh God!
Everyone would laugh their guts out if they saw.
     Almost as bad, his hand slid back onto my ass again, only this
time it was on my bare ass. He caressed the bottom curve of my
right buttock, then slid upward, squeezing my whole ass in his
hand. His fingers dipped between my legs and tried to slide into my
cuntslit, but I pressed my legs together tightly.
     Then I felt another and on me! It was his other hand. It slid
onto my bare belly and caressed my skin. How could he stand up
without falling down?! I thought franticly. Of course he was
holding on to me.
     I was wearing a standaway top that morning. It only came down
to the middle of my stomach and he had no trouble sliding his hand
up under it and cupping my left breast. His fingers unclipped the
bra and it fell away to both sides, allowing my breasts to spring
free inside the thin shift.
     I brought my arm in tight to my body, hoping to pin his hand
and squeeze it out, but I wasn't strong enough, especially holding
that pile of books. His hand latched onto my tit and squeezed
repeatedly. His fingers grabbed for my nipples and twisted it.
     There was nothing I could do but just stand there and let him
molest me. I had no intention of drawing attention to myself by
screaming, especially with my panties down around my ankles. All I
could hope for was that he finished and moved away as the crowd
thinned, and that I'd be able to somehow grab my panties and hide
them before anyone saw.
     He had managed to work his way right in behind me by then. His
right hand slid around my front, and moved beneath my skirt to play
with my pussy. His left hand was still on my tit, squeezing and
kneading it.
     The bus took a rough bounce then and I swayed against the
strap. My legs opened to balance myself better and he slid a knee
in between so I couldn't close them again. Then his hand really
worked on my pussy. He managed to get a finger up inside me, then
a second.
     He pumped his fingers in my slit hole as his groin pressed
into my buttocks. Despite my fear and apprehension I realized
suddenly that this was all having an effect on my body. I could
feel his fingers sliding in my pussy, and could tell that my cunt
was more than a little slick with juices.
     My tits were feeling bloated and swollen, and I knew that I
was starting to heat up real bad. My eyes opened in shock, and I
wondered wether I might actually have an orgasm right here in the
bus!
     I was furious at myself for getting excited like this. I
didn't even know who the bastard was and I was having to exert
rigid control to stop myself from humping down against his fingers.
     His knee twisted then, shoving my legs even further apart. His
hand pulled down off my tit, sliding down my belly to my waist. He
pulled back on my waist, and my ass kind of pushed back against
him.
     Suddenly, I felt something at my pussy, something that wasn't
fingers or hands. It was hot, and round, and thick, and it pushed
insistently at my pussy lips as his fingers pulled free. OH MY GOD,
I thought. He couldn't! He wasn't going to actually...
     It was, and he was. It slid up inside me, his cockhead prying
my lips apart, and wedged between them. Then he lunged forward,
driving it several inches into my drooling fuck tunnel. He was
actually FUCKING me right here!!
     His hand slid around my right leg, high up around my thigh,
and he pulled my leg aside, actually pulling my leg off the floor.
My cunt opened a little more and he pushed his cock several inches
deeper. I closed my eyes in horror and shock, appalled at the
sudden rise in temperature of my lower belly.
     His cock slid back down my fuck chute, then drove back up
again. He ground his pelvis into my bare buttocks, and I could feel
his pants against them.
Obviously he'd just pulled his prick out through his zipper. He
slid it back and then fucked forward again, driving it up into me
once more.
     My limbs were shaky, and I almost dropped my books on the
floor, which would have been disastrous. Everyone would have moved
aside to look at the floor. They would immediately have seen my
panties, and looked up to see me standing there with my skirt
around my waist and some guys cock up my twat.
     He slid his meaty sausage up and down my fuck hole, driving my
fluttery heart into desperate spasms, and making my pussy sizzle
with lust. I hung onto the strap for dear life as I came, wrapped
around the stranger's cock. My body shivered and trembled as he
continued to pump into me.
     WIld images and scenes scurried across my vision as I rode
through the cum, shaking like a leaf. Then I felt his seed spilling
up inside me, felt it dribbling and drooling around my cunt tunnel.
His cock softened slightly and then withdrew.
     My skirt fell back into place and I sort of hung there dazed,
trying to recover. The bell rang and a bunch of people got off. My
eyes focused down on the floor and saw my panties and I managed to
lift up my leg, it had fallen off the other foot, and grab them off
my ankle.
     I got off later, and never did see the guy, whoever he was,
who'd fucked me like that. I knew this much. I wasn't going to ride
the bus again by myself, not every.
     My parents eventually let me off my curfew, and I was even
able to talk them into giving me back my car. The problem was
though, that they watched me like hawks. They wanted to know where
I was every minute of the day, and it was difficult planning a way
to find that good solid fuck where they wouldn't catch me.
     My pussy was starting to feel really empty. The only fuck I'd
had in a month was that stranger on the bus, and that hadn't lasted
more than a few minutes. I really needed a good, long, hard
fucking.
     Finally, I enlisted Miss Coopers help. She knew a guy who
loved young female flesh. She warned me that he was kind of rough
though.
     "He's not exactly Mr. Handsome, Tammie, and his manners aren't
going to impress a farmer, but he knows how to use his cock." she'd
said.
     "I don't care about his manners Miss Cooper." I'd replied.
     I went to her house Sunday afternoon, supposedly to work on my
homework. My parents had actually called her, ostensibly to make
sure it wouldn't be a bother for her to help me, but really to
check up and make sure I wasn't lying to them.
     I showed up to find her talking with this completely bald guy
of forty or so. She was right. He wasn't much to look at. His face
was kind of fat, and his body looked flabby to me. It was too late
to back out now though.
     I stood nervously in front of Miss Cooper. She kept telling me
to call her Holly, but I kept forgetting. Anyway, she stood behind
me, her hands on my shoulders.
"Hal, this is Tammie. Tammie, this is Hal. I've told both of you
about the other, so you can just go ahead and get to know each
other better."
     I blushed, wondering what she'd told him about me. Holly stood
back and the guy hesitated only a second, then he moved forward
against me. I started to back up but he was having none of that.
His arms shot our and grabbed my arms, pulling me forcefully
against him.
     His lips came down on mine and his tongue drove deep into my
mouth. His hands slid down to my buttocks and cupped and squeezed
them tightly as he ground his hips against me. Holly was right. He
didn't exactly have a great deal of etiquette. I mean, he could
have at least said Hi.
     He swung me around and shoved me up against the table, then
grabbed my legs and pulled them out from under me so I half fell
onto the table top. His hands quickly unsnapped the catch at my
waist and jerked my pants and panties down my legs and tossed them
on the floor.
     I started to get indignant. The guy hadn't even said word one
to me so far and already he'd tossed my pants off and was grabbing
for my snatch. I pushed against him, but he simply ignored me,
grinning tightly as he shoved my hands aside, grabbed my sweater
and jerked it up over my head with a single motion.
     "Shit!" I said, angrily.
     "Shut up pussy. You want a fuck, that's what you're gonna
get." he glared.
     He jerked my legs apart and stood between them fumbling with
his fly. Then his pants dropped and a huge red cock sprang out,
pointed right at the center of my crotch.
     "This is for you little girl." he giggled.
     "You're gonna love gettin' this one up your little cunt hole."
     He pushed the cockhead against my slit and then slammed his
hips forward. I grunted, as his fuck tool jammed several inches
deep into my tight hole. He bent forward, grabbing a big chunk of
my hair in his hand and twisted my head upward against his face.
     Then his lips were against mine, mashing, crushing. His tongue
shot into my mouth and stabbed around inside. He lunged forward
again, driving his prick deeper into my belly. His hands were all
over me. It was hard to believe he only had two of them. They
squeezed and fondled my body with intimate familiarity.
     Miss Cooper was standing not far off, leaning against a wall
and watching. It didn't really bother me a lot, though I kind of
wished she'd go away. I'd never had an audience before while I was
fucked and it made me feel uneasy. At the same time, though, I
wanted her to stay. This guy looked and acted pretty rough and I
was afraid of what he might do.
     His cock pulled back and then punched forward once more.
"Slutty little hole!" he grunted.
I gasped in pain, overwhelmed by his furious attack.
His prick jammed further into my twat, as his hand slid under my
buttocks and half lifted me up and jerked me against him.
     "Take my rod slutgirl!" he cackled, slamming his loins into
me. My tight little slit was beaten and impaled by his vicious
lunging tool. It stabbed high into my belly, bringing cramps of
pain from my abdomen as it pounded and hammered against my internal
organs.
     He threw me backwards, and my head and shoulders slammed back
down on the table. He laughed again and seized my legs, jerking me
back against him. Then he started pumping into me, even as he
finished stripping.
     His hips pounded relentlessly against my outspread crotch,
driving his rigid steel cock down into my slit, down my tight
little tunnel and deep into my fuckbox. His huge prong thundered up
and down my cuntsheath, rasping and rubbing and grinding against
the smooth silky walls with ferocious power and speed.
     His hanging balls were practically spanking my straining
buttocks as his hips rutted against me. His hands pushed deep and
hard against my belly, then rubbed upward, sliding up across my
skin with a brutal hard pressure against my body until they reached
my breasts.
     Then his fingers closed around the tender meaty mounds and
squeezed tightly. I gasped and cried out in pain but he ignored me,
continuing to squeeze my tits and hammer his fuck rod in and out of
my crotch hole.
     My body was pulled and jerked back and forth along the table
top by his brutal driving, hammering strokes. My ass and back were
rubbed raw against the harsh tablecloth beneath me.
     It was a hard, furious, brutal fuck. His body whipping and
pounding against my crotch with relentless force and energy. His
cock ripped in and out of my pussy tunnel like a hard driven
machine. He churned my insides into a frothy gushing mass of jelly
as I squawked and yelped and grunted in pain and bewilderment.
     I wished it would stop but it didn't. It just went on, and on,
and on. The man seemed to be tireless. I felt wetness inside me,
indicating that my pussy was lubricating in self defence if nothing
else. His fuckrod continued pistoning into me.
     THen he pulled out. He grabbed my leg and jerked me down the
table so I came off. Then he threw me around and shoved me against
the table again. He bent me over the table and threw me into it
with the edge jammed into my belly hard enough to make my breath
whoosh out of me.
     Then his cock was at my pussy mouth again and he thew his hips
forward, piercing my cuntlips and driving it high into my belly
once more. His hips slammed into my ass cheeks, making them bounce
and jiggle with each stroke.
     His hands came around under me and latched onto my titties,
squeezing them tight again. His fingers dug deep furrows in my
tender, sensitive flesh as he fondled and kneaded the silky soft
skin.
     "Fucking Bitch! Fucking Bitch! Fucking Bitch!" he grunted. His
hands gripped my hair and twisted my head around so hard he
practically broke my neck. His mouth smashed into mine, his lips
rasping across my face, and his teeth chewing against my tongue. I
felt blood in my mouth from the hard hammering of his jaw against
mine and moaned in distress.
     His prong continued to pump into me with savage, unswerving
strength and power. After several minutes, he jerked me around and
threw me to the floor. Instantly he was behind me, over me. His
hands came down under me, around my waist, and jerked me up to my
hands and knees. He scrambled around behind me and his long
fuckpole pushed into my slit yet again.
     He knelt behind me, rutting his prong into my pussy with
furious, brutal fucking thrusts. My eyes were spinning and blurry,
and I could barely support myself. I was dazed and confused with
the long, seemingly unending fucking.
     I collapsed to the floor, but his hands came under me and
angrily yanked my waist up, pulling me up to my knees again. My
face and shoulders lay lifelessly on the carpet as he kept rutting,
and pumping into my hole. My body shivered and trembled with
whirling, confused images and sensations.
     My skin felt raw and abraded. It seemed to crackle and itch
with some strange kind of ailment. I mumbled somethin incoherent as
I half lay, half knelt there, feeling his prick slamming up and
down my fuck hole over and over, and over, and over again.
     Then I yelped and whined as I felt my hair pulled harshly. He
jerked my hair up hard enough to actually yank my head and
shoulders up off the floor, and pull me nearly upright.
     He pulled me back against him, my back crushed against his
hairy chest and belly as he held my hair in a cruel grip. He
squeezed my tits brutally, twisting them around and around.
     My bleary gaze swept across the room, taking in Miss Cooper,
sitting on the edge of a chair. Her pants were off and her hands
were digging deep into her cuntbox as her bulging eyes stared at my
ravishment.
     "Wake up little slut." he hissed, as I yelped and whimpered in
pain. Then he threw me forward again. I dropped flat onto the
carpet, tearing my cunt free from his relentless fucking machine.
It was a short lived escape however. He dropped flat atop me,
crushing me into the floor, his hot breath right next to my ear.
     "I know what you want little whore!" he breathed. His cock was
pulsing and throbbing as it lay flatly between my ass cheeks. He
pulled back a little, fumbling with it. His hands recentering it,
pushing it down and forward.
     I felt it against my slit again, or so I thought in my numbed
condition. Then I realized it was pushing against my asshole
instead. My muddled mind, though at first that he'd made a mistake,
that he couldn't find my cunt entrance.
     But the pressure continued. His prick kept pushing against my
crinkled little round asshole. The pressure mounted and I felt my
asshole penetrated, felt the fat round knob pushing into me. I
cried out in confusion and pain as his fat, blunt cock knob forced
my asshole wide, and then slid into me.
     His heavy weight pinned me to the floor as his rigid, meaty
scepter forced its way into my hapless little hole. My soft, hot,
buttery little anus was suddenly invaded by the steely round prick.

     It pushed deeper and deeper into my body as I squirmed weakly
beneath him.
     "Like that baby? Like gettin' it up the asshole?" he giggled.
His prick raped up and down my little ass tunnel, pushing deeper
and deeper, numbing and deadening my ass muscles.
     "Oh God! What a tight little asshole! It's a virgin for sure!"
he groaned. He stuffed his meat down into me until his balls rested
against the soft skin between my buttocks and lay there for several
long seconds. I could feel the throbbing of his cockmeat inside me,
could feel the blood running up and down its length each time his
heart beat.
     His hand slid up and down my sides, rubbing harshly against my
ribs and the side of my breast.
     "Nothing like good, soft, tight little girl ass!" he grunted.
He pulled his tool back out of me half way, and then let it slide
back in.
     The natural reactions of my asshole seemed to intrigue him. He
kept pulling his dick partway out, and then letting my asshole suck
it back down again. In fact, it was something I had never felt
before and it surprised me as well. My asshole squeezed and sucked
on his cock as he let it do most of the work.
     Soon, however, he got tired of the ease of that, and pushed
himself up so his chest was off me. That was a relief. It had been
hard to breath with him on top of me like that. He pulled his prick
up my little ass tunnel so only the head was inside me.
     Then he slammed his hips back down again, jamming himself up
into my guts again. His hands lifted me up again, pulling me
upright on my knees.
     His hands slid around my wrist, pulling them high and apart
above my head, stretching my body up and back against him as his
cock continued to slide furiously in and out of my asshole. He
practically lifted me off my knees as he pulled my body up and
back. His humping, rutting cock thrusts kept knocking me forward as
his hips slapped against my buttocks.
     Every few strokes he would hold his hot throbbing cock deep in
my asshole, his balls squashed against my buttocks, and sort of
grind himself around against my ass. Then he would slide his rigid
pole down out of my anus and fuck it back in again.
     He transferred both my wrists to one of his big hands, holding
them pinned together above my head as his free hand slid down
across my breasts, rasping over my nipples, and then moved down
across my straining belly and abdomen to my hot, furry little fuck
box.
     He cupped my cunt, and pubic mound, then squeezed harshly,
making me whimper with the pain and hot, fluttery sensations. He
thrust a finger up into my pussy as he grinded his belly against my
buttocks. His fingers grabbed at my clitty and pinched brutally,
making me yelp and thrash against him.
     He pulled on my clitty, seemingly trying to tear it off my
body, and hammered his prick up my anus with renewed fury. My torn,
beaten, bewildered body, rippled with furious, contradicting
sensations. My pussy was burning with lust, that mounted higher and
higher as his hard, brutal fingers thrust, and rubbed and squeezed
at my cuntbox.
     My asshole no longer hurt, it had long since been numbed by
the constant pistoning, churning, rutting of the hard, angry, red
cockmeat sliding back and forth in its depths.
     Only the feeling of being penetrated, the feeling of a mans
cock moving within me, the feeling of fullness, of hot, raw, sexual
violence, arose from my flittering, agitated belly.
     My eyes closed to narrow slits as a raw, carnal energy
expanded within me, consumed my being, pushed aside my
consciousness, and imposed its will on my body and soul. My
breathing was more ragged than every and tiny grunts and whimpers
of pleasure came from deep within me.
     His hand slid down my joined arms, and locked tight around my
arms near the elbows. He pushed downward, shoving my body out away
from him. He shoved forward on my back, while pulling back on my
arms, bowing my body backward painfully. His other hand gripped my
hair, pulling my head way back so it was almost upside down.
     His hips continued to slap and pound against my buttocks. His
prick pistoned up and down my ass chute. His slid a hand over my
straining, upthrust breasts, pinching my nipples, and digging
furrows with his nails.
     His hand rasped over my chest and cupped my tits, squeezing
them hard. His fingers sought my nipples and his hard nails dug
into them, squeezing the tender little buds hard and twisting them
around.
     My entire body began to vibrate. My tits jiggled and bounced
as I shivered and shook against him. My cunt was a hot steaming
inferno as his hand slid down there again. When he stuffed three
straightened fingers up into my tight fuckslit, my entire head
seemed to explode with carnal violence.
     I came, furiously. I gasped and grunted and whined in
bewilderment and pounding sexual ecstasy. My body seemed to
reverberate from end to end with spasming explosions of sexfire.
His humping, pounding cock was like a part of my own body as it
slid up and down inside me, sending rippling starbursts of energy
shooting into my depths.
     Then his hands gripped my waist so hard I couldn't breath. He
lifted me into the air, still firmly impaled on his fat fuck pole.
I was carried, still twitching and shaking through my orgasm,
across to the table and dropped face down over it, half hanging
over the edge.
     Again he slammed his prick in and out of my anus with blinding
speed and power. He reamed out my asshole with terrible, furious,
uncaring thrusts of his massive fuck tool.
     Again he gripped my wrists in two hands, pulling them wide,
and high above my head. He slid me around to the corner of the
table, so one of my legs slid past it and it was right next to my
cuntmound. His cock continued to fuck into my rectum as he lifted
me up onto my toes, and grinded my cuntmound down against the
corner of the table.
     I think I actually screamed as I felt that hard, sharp edge
stab against my cuntmouth. My orgasm, which was waning, flared
anew, exploding like a nova, searing my belly and guts with its
fiery energy. My head was thrown back and it jerked and spasmed
uncontrollably as my body shook and thrashed against him.
     My oily, pulpy cuntmound, its cunthair soaked with sweat and
girl juices, was jammed down against the corner again and again by
the leering maniacal raver behind me. My legs kicked and flailed
helplessly as my body was torn and spun in a sexual whirlwind that
threatened to devours me whole.
     Every time he jammed my cuntmound down against the corner, my
body was jolted by ragged bolts of blinding orgasmic explosions. I
was slashed over and over by the raging, crackling fires of intense
carnal bliss.
     Then I felt his cock expand. It hardened even more, and seemed
to bulge within me. Gushing hot liquid spewed up into my belly as
his bubbling, frothing sperm flooded into my guts. He held his
prick deep within me and ground his hips against my buttocks as wad
after wad of white jism shot into me. His fat cock drained out
every inch of juice into my sucking hot depths, and his prick
finally started to soften.
     He pulled out of me and shoved me away. I stood shakily for a
second and then slowly sank to my knees, and then fell onto the
carpet, gasping for breath. My body kept twitching and jerking in
the aftermath of the furious orgasm, and my mind was only partly
conscious.
     "Good Fuck." I heard him say, in a smug, satisfied voice. I
was aware of little else. My body was hot and exhausted. I was
drenched in sweat. Hot fuck juice dribbled out between my cuntlips
and asshole.
     It was several minutes later that I finally came to and
wearily rolled over onto my back and tried to sit up. Miss Cooper
was sitting in the chair I'd seen her in before. She grinned at me,
still fondling her pussy.  "Well, I told you he'd give you a good
long ride honey." she said.
     She helped me to my feet and then across the room, half
dragging me upstairs to the bathroom. I sat, half dead in the tub
as it slowly filled with hot water. I splashed weakly at the
bubbles, hardly able to keep awake after that tremendous fucking.
     My eyes flicked to a clock nearby and I realized that I had
been here for well over an hour. That man... Hal, had fucked me for
a solid hour without stopping. I had never felt so well used.
     My day wasn't over yet though. Miss Cooper climbed into the
tub next to me, and held me tight for a long while. Then she slowly
soaped up and rinsed off my body. Sometime during that we began
kissing and our hands slid to each other's pussys. My cums were
weak compared to the ones I'd already experienced, but they felt
good to my trembling body.

     That session cooled my fires quite a bit, but I still wanted
my romantic lovemaking. I carefully studied the guys I went to
school with, and hung around with. Any one of them would be glad to
fuck me, and would do just about anything for the opportunity.
     During the afternoons and evenings, a gang of us would hang
around together, wandering around the parks and streets. I screwed
around with several of them, in a light kind of way.
     Me and one of them would separate a bit from the others and he
would feel up my tits and ass while we walked or sat together.
     One evening I sat with my back against Tony Spencer. I had
taken off my sweater, and it lay draped across my lap as I lay back
against him. His hands slid under it discretely and into my pants,
and he managed to masturbate me to orgasm without anyone else even
knowing what we were doing.
     Still, the guy I selected was Ron Brown. He was the biggest
guy on the senior football team. He was also the oldest guy on the
team, having failed to graduate for the last two years. Ron wasn't
very bright, he wasn't even very nice. But he was a huge, muscular
guy, and I felt I could handle him if I got him alone.
     It wouldn't be the romantic fuck I wanted, but I figured I
could use him as a kind of occasional release valve until I found
the nice guy I wanted.
     Of course, the problem was, he was black. Most of the people
at school still thought any girl that went out with a black guy was
only after his cock, and was a cheap slut. In this case they were
right. Not that I thought of myself as a slut, of course.
     But then, why should I go through the hassle of a date with
him. Like I said, he was kind of a jerk, and I only wanted him to
fuck him. The best way would be to just approach him and tell him
I wanted to go somewhere and fuck.
     Needless to say, he was agreeable. His eyes narrowed and his
mouth pulled into a tight little grin when I asked him if he wanted
to go somewhere and fuck tonight. I was lucky. He had his own
place, with a double bed. So long as it was reasonably clean, I
could take it. Anyway, I was anxious to see if his cock was as big
as the rest of him.
     It took some careful setting up to get my parents off my back
for the night. I told them I was going to Toni's and got her to
cover for me. The great thing about her was she had call forwarding
on her phone. If my parents called to check on me, it would be
transferred to my mobile phone, which I'd take with me. Smart huh?
     I didn't dress up for Ron. My parents would be more than a
little suspicious if I tried to leave in really nice clothes. I
just wore a short skirt and a t-shirt. It wasn't like it was a date
anyway.
     I was surprised when I got to Ron's house. I was expecting a
dump, but he lived in a really nice condo. I guessed the rumours
about him selling drugs was true.
     I parked and rang the bell. He answered it with the same grin
he'd had on when I told him I wanted his cock earlier.
     "Come on in babe." he smiled.
He led me into the living room and over to the couch.
     "What you want to drink?"
     "Scotch and soda." I said.
He fetched it over to me and sat next to me. His hand started
sliding up and down my leg as I drank, then he cupped my tit
through my t-shirt.
     "You got nice tits babe."
     "Thanks."
     "I can't wait to suck on these." he said, fondling my nipples.
"Come on." He got up and pulled me through a hall to his bedroom.
He was obviously in a hurry to get started, and I only hoped he
wouldn't be too quick to finish.
all sorts of spears and shields and leopardskin junk lying around.
All I was interested in was the bed though, her pussy was throbbing
with anticipation.
     There was one of those big forty inch tv's next to the bed.
Ron flicked on the overhead lights, though the room was bright
enough, and then wheeled a video camera out of a closet and placed
it next to the TV.
     "What are you doing?" I demanded.
     "You never done this baby?": he laughed. "Wait till you see
it. It's really cool seein' yourself getting fucked on TV."
     "Forget it!" I sniffed. "I'm not letting you take any movies
of me naked, let alone screwing you."
     "I ain't gonna tape it baby. Look here." he pulled me over to
the camera and opened the side. There was no tape inside it.
     Somewhat mollified, I looked over at the TV and thought about
what it would look like. I thought it would be really neat to see
myself like that.
     "Okay." I said.
     "Do a strip tease for me baby." Ron suggested, turning the
camera on me. The idea was kind of weird, but, looking at myself on
the TV, I immediately started to get hot.
     Ron turned on the Stereo and some hot dance music poured into
the room. I started to dance to the tune, exaggerating my bumps and
gyrations to make them more sexy and suggestive.
     I grabbed the hem of my skirt as I danced, slowly pulling it
upward, sliding it back and forth as I grinned at the camera, and
watched myself on the TV. I pulled it up till it was bunched around
my waist, dancing around and around, kicking my legs in and out.
     I turned and wiggled my ass at the camera, then turned again,
dropping my skirt below my waist, and seizing my panties. I pulled
them down my legs and kicked them off, hiding my naked crotch
beneath the short skirt.
     Ron leered at me as he panned the camera up and down my body,
and I responded by slowly licking my tongue across my lower lip. My
eyes were half closed as I attempted to achieve a sexy look, and I
wiggled my hips back and forth in time to the music.
     I kicked my legs in and out, holding the skirt bunched up
between them, exposing my legs all the way to my hips as I swayed
sensuously. I slid my hands up my body, over my breasts, and into
my hair, throwing my head back and sticking my chest out, then slid
my hands back down and under my t-shirt.
     It was a sleeveless t-shirt that only came down to just above
my belly button. I pulled it up somewhat as my hands fumbled with
my bra, then I unlatched the bra and, as I turned around, managed
to pull it out through an armhole.
     My tits, already swollen, pushed out against the thin t-shirt
as I danced around. My stiff nipples stuck out clearly as I watched
my image on the TV, and I slid my hands back onto my skirt, again
bunching it between my legs as I rocked my hips from side to side,
and slid downward, crouching, before the camera.
     I rose again, sliding my hands up across my body sensuously,
rubbing up along my sides, pushing the t-shirt up so the lower part
of my breasts came into view before the shirt dropped back into
place. Then I turned my back to the camera. My hands gripped the
bottom of th shirt and I pulled it up over my breasts and over my
head.
     I turned around then, letting the camera see my swollen, naked
tits as I held the shirt above my head with both hands, pushing my
chest out as I swayed from side to side.
     I dropped the shirt, and slid my hands back down, caressing my
breasts as they slid across them, then moving down my sides and my
belly to my skirt again. I danced and jumped in circles, knowing
that the camera would catch quick glimpses of my snatch and ass
cheeks.
     I unsnapped the catch on the skirt and felt it's waistband
immediately loosen. I kept dancing, slowly rocking my hips in and
out, swaying from side to side. The skirt started to slide
downward, hugging my hips at first, then going down inch by inch
until the top was just barely above my pubic hair.
     I stood in place, my hands behind my head, sliding sexily
through my hair as I wiggled my hips. The skirt suddenly slid
downward to my feet and I stepped out of them, completely naked at
last. I held my hands together high above me and my hips slid from
side to side, and around in circles.
     I exulted in the sexy image of myself in the TV. I slid my
hands up and own my body, softly caressing my lithe curves and
swollen mounds. I turned and wiggled my ass at the camera, turning
to see the image in the TV.
     I was incredibly turned on. I could feel the heat and dampness
in my pussy flowing upward through my belly as I danced back and
forth.
     I held my hands together high above my head and swayed
provocatively from side to side, staring at my image doing the
same, and thinking how sexy and gorgeous she was.
     My hands slid down my body again and cupped my pubic mound. I
spread my legs wide and sank down to my knees, bending backward as
my hands rubbed up and down over my cunt. Then I put my feet flat
on the rug and bent way way back, bending my back till I could push
the palms of my hands flat against the rug above my head.
     I knew Ron would have a great image from that shot, and I
regretted not being able to see it. I straightened, standing
upright, then turned, still wiggling and saying for the camera. I
bent forward, spreading my legs wide and holding my head down
between my knees so I could see myself in the TV.
     Then I put my hands flat on the floor and jumped upward, doing
a handstand. I reeled back and forth for a few seconds before I was
balanced properly, then I slowly lowered my legs to either side,
pulling them far, far down so I was almost doing the splits.
     I was incredibly horny! I stood up and rocked and wriggled
over to the bed. Ron turned the camera to follow me as I rolled
into the bed, and lay on my back, facing the camera. I spread my
legs, pulling my knees up and sliding my hands down my body to my
cunt.
     I slid a finger in between my twat lips and pumped it in and
out slowly. My clitty was a like a sparking live wire and the
instant I touched it my orgasm flooded into me. I stuffed two
fingers deep into my pussy as my body shook and writhed on the bed.
     My other hand squeezed deep furrows in my tits, the soft
malleable flesh oozing out between them as I came and came.
     Suddenly Ron was on top of me, his fat black cock poised
against my cunt slit. I smiled dreamily, just sliding downward from
my cum. I looked down and watched in fascination as he pushed a
monstrously fat cock against my little hole and then pressed down
hard.
     It was a good thing I was so hot and wet down there, otherwise
I don't think that huge thing would have fit into me. It was easily
the fattest cock I'd ever taken, if not the longest. My pussy lips
spread and spread, and spread as they sought to enfold his fat,
cockhead.
     I grunted, and spread my legs further apart, looking up at the
TV to watch us. I could clearly see his fat cock stuffing itself
into my pussy. Then the camera zoomed in close, my parted slit
occupying the entire center of the screen as the huge cock slid
slowly inward.
     I didn't realize the significance of this at first, so intent
was I on watching and feeling Ron's horse cock thrust up into my
body. I wondered vaguely, how the camera knew to do that just then,
and then I was thrown back against the mattress as Ron, tired of
patience, slammed his hips downward, shoving half a foot of fat
black cock past my little slit and down into my belly.
     He all but crushed me to the bed as he fed inch after inch of
prick into my gut. I could hardly breath through the sensual pain
that ripped through my system. When my gaze fell on the camera and
the guy behind it, I didn't even notice.
     I could feel another cum approaching. It always turned me on
to be stuffed full of cock, and right now, I was really stuffed. My
cunt tube must be bloated and stretched inside me by the immense
fat prick filling it. I could feel his cockhead slamming, and
mashing against the deepest part of my fuck box.
     My eyes were blurring, but the kept locked tight on the TV,
watching myself get fucked as Ron started to hump into me. Hot
sexual fire was rippling along my nervous system, tearing up and
down my body as he ripped and rutted into me.
     I noticed the two guys standing behind the TV, but took little
note of them. I was too far gone to care about anything but that
big black prick tearing apart my guts. Ron was no finesse artist,
he hammered his cock into me with brutal need, jerking off with my
pussy as he grunted and strained above me.
     I tried to put my arms around him, wanting, in some far area
of my mind, to pull him even closer and tighter, but he slapped off
my hands several times. Then my hands were pulled back above my
head, and seemed to be held there against the upper corners of the
mattress.
     Again, I didn't understand this. My body was pounding with
sexual electricity. It spurted along my veins and ripped through
the various sections of my brain, disturbing all normal thought
processes. I humped upward against his driving cock, aware,
distantly of the pain when his long, fat, meat thrust deep into me,
but not caring.
     I was being royally reamed, and skewered by the big football
player, and I cared about nothing else.
Then I came. Boy did I come. That long, sexy dance had heated me up
to a white hot state, and my little jerkoff session had barely
scratched the surface of my carnal lust.
     Now I was really cumming. My body writhed and thrashed back
and forth. I humped upward mindlessly, driving my slit around his
prong. My legs flopped up and down on the bed, heels pushing
repeatedly downward, as I sought to pull my legs as far apart as
possible.
     My arms strained against whatever was holding them so still
above my head, and my wrists hurt vaguely as a result. My arms
rolled back in my head, but didn't shut out the blinding, crackling
flashes of white light that kept exploding behind my eyelids.
     Then I collapsed, my muscles and body going limp as I lay
there half dead, my chest heaving with exertion, my eyes closed
tight. Ron kept fucking into me as I recovered from my cum, and I
slowly opened my eyes to grin up at him.
     I caught sight of the two guys standing behind the TV then and
gasped in shock and embarrassment. Who the fuck were they? I
thought madly. I tried to jerk away, but couldn't move my hands. I
looked up franticly to find that both wrists were tied against the
bedposts with rope.
     "Ron!' Ron!" I gasped. "Stop it! Get Off! Let me up!" I
pleaded. "Theres people here!" My mind spun in horror, recalling my
earlier embarrassment at being caught by my Mother and magnifying
it.
     I tore at the ropes binding me, my head swinging around in
agitation. Then I noticed the guy working the camera, and two more
at the foot of the bed, and three others leaning against the wall
on the other side of the bed. They were all black, and looked
around twenty or so. I didn't recognize any of them.
     All were staring at me getting fucked. They all had hungry
looks on their grinning faces, and several had noticeable bulges in
their pants.
     "Uh,Uh,Uh!" Ron grunted, stuffing his prick deep into me and
spraying his juices into my belly. "Oh Yeah, Oh Yeah!" he groaned.
"Ronnnnnn!" I sobbed, still trying to pull away, trying to free my
hands.
     One of the guys at the foot of the bed moved forward and
grabbed my right foot. I watched terrified, and confused, as he
wound a rope tightly around my ankle and then pulled down against
the corner of the bed, hard enough to make my knee and leg strain.
     I tried to jerk my leg away, but couldn't as he finished tying
it tight. Another guy pulled my left leg down toward the corner and
wrapped another rope around it.
     "Nice tight little pussy." Ron sighed, as he lay still atop
me. He slowly got to his knees, pulling his softening cock out of
my hole and getting off the bed. I stared desperately around me,
feeling utterly exposed and defenceless as I lay there spreadeagled
on the bed, surrounded by at least a dozen strange men.
     "Let me go!" I squeaked, eyeing the group out of frightened
eyes.
     "Hell, you wanted some nigger cock baby. Now you got lots of
it." Ron snickered.
I pulled against the ropes, my head whipping back and forth at the
grinning, leering men around me.
     "I'll tell the police!" I threatened. "I'll have you
arrested!"
     "I doubt it baby. Not too many white girls want to admit how
they like black cock. Even less want to admit they been fucked by
a dozen niggers." he taunted.
     "Hey pussy, nice huh?" another of them called.
He pointed to the TV, which was showing my slutty dance number. My
eyes opened in shock, and the entire room burst into roars of
laughter.
     Ron opened a door in the TV cabinet, showing a VCR inside.
     "There doesn't have to be any fucking tape in the camera if
it's connected to a VCR, pussy!" he laughed.
     "Wonder what the cops would think o' your little dance and
jerkoff show?" one of the others jeered.
     One of them climbed onto the bed, dropping his pants to his
knees. His cock was stiff and hard as he moved between my legs and
lay down on top of me. My chest was heaving, my mind spinning. My
brain was about to blur out because I was hyperventilating.
     "Maybe we can sell these at your school, pussy!" someone
called. "Bet we'd make a fortune."
     The man on top of me pushed his cock into my cunt and started
fucking me hard. All four of my limbs pulled hard against their
bindings, but they were hopelessly bound in place. All I could do
was lay there as he fucked into me.
     He humped down against me with enormous relish, giggling and
taunting me as his black prick slid in and out of my guts. His
hands writhed across my body, squeezing and fondling my breasts and
ass. His lips forced mine apart, his tongue thrusting deep into my
mouth.
     He came a few minutes later and got off, and another guy took
his place. His cock was smaller and thinner as he pushed it past my
cuntlips, but he made up for it by driving it into me with the
speed of a rutting dog.
     The next guy was very short, but had a huge cock. He plunged
it into my belly and fucked me with slow measured strokes,
enjoying, he said, some nice white pussy. His mouth sucked and bit
on my nipples for almost the entire fuck.
     The next guy seemed to take the whole thing as routine. His
face was calm and looked like he was just walking down the street,
daydreaming. His hips though, rose and fell, rose and fell, rose
and fell, as he pumped his cock in my tender cuntbox.
     After him came a guy with a huge afro, then a very skinny guy
with an uncircumcised cock, then a guy who was almost as big as
Ron, and squashed me into the bed.
After a while, I just ignored them all. I stared up at the ceiling,
trying not to cry, waiting for it to end.
     Unfortunately for me, my body was far from ready for it to
end. I don't know why, maybe it was because I was so highly aroused
before. Maybe it was just that my clitty wasn't able to resist the
constant rasping, rubbing motion of the cocks moving in and out of
me.
     Whatever the reason, my pussy was hot and wet as the men
fucked me. It wasn't like I was going to cum or anything, but my
body was definitely aroused, regardless of my mind's fear, despair
and dismal misery.
     All around the bed, they sat and stood, laughing and joking,
making rude and obscene comments about me or the guy fucking me,
drinking and playing cards. Some of them came in and went out of
the room.
     All the while they kept fucking me, five, six, seven, eight.
Each of them climbed aboard, sheathed their pricks in my hole, and
humped down against me. Before too long, my pussy felt raw, and my
tits were sore and bruised from the multiple bites and squeezes
they'd given them.
     After the ninth or tenth guy, they undid my ankles and wrists.
I had a sudden surge of hope, thinking they were through with me,
but there was no chance of that.
     They jerked me up onto my hands and knees, and there was
nothing I could do to resist them. Any protest simply brought a
smack in the head or on the ass until I did as I was told.
     A guy knelt behind me and stuffed his prick into me, screwing
me doggie style. I realized the camera was still rolling. They guy
operating it, moved from side to side to get better angles on the
pricks sliding in and out of my cunt.
     My tits hung down from my chest like fat white udders and he
focused the camera on them as the jiggled and wobbled back and
forth in time to the guy fucking me. He slid his hands down beneath
them and engulfed them in his big hands, squeezing, kneading and
fondling them like he was milking a cow.
     Then another guy knelt in front of me. I wasn't sure what he
was doing at first, until he grabbed a chunk of my hair and jerked
my head up so my mouth was against his erect prick.
     "Come on white girl. I'm tired of waiting. Suck my pecker
down." he jeered, pushing his cockhead against my lips. He jerked
on my hair again, making me yelp in pain. As I opened my mouth, he
shoved his cock between my lips.
     I wasn't exactly an expert in cocksucking, but I had to give
it a try. I munched on his prick as he slid it into my face,
sucking down on it and wiggling my tongue around and around the
head.
     The guy with the camera pulled back so he could get my entire
body in the frame, I suppose. I wondered what I looked like with a
big black guy pumping his prick up my cunt and another guy stuffing
his meat into my face. I didn't want to know really. The image sent
shivers through my body, and made it harder to resist the
temptation to just give in to my body's carnal lusts.
     The guy behind me came and another took his place. I kept
sucking on the cock in my mouth until it sprayed its seed into me.
Then he pulled away with a satisfied grunt, and another guy
replaced him.
     The guy behind me showered my pussy with jism and moved off,
then the next came in. He slapped my ass painfully a few times,
then shoved his prick into my pussy slot and started pumping. After
a minute, he pulled out and then pressed his cock against my
crinkled asshole.
     I groaned in denial, trying to protest around the cock in my
mouth. It was no use though, as his cock pushed insistently past my
anal opening and thrust deep into my rectum. He assfucked me with
deliberate brutality, and then spewed out his cum into the pit of
my belly.
     The next guy ass fucked me as well, but then the next fucked
my cunt.
     The guy with the camera wanted to get some different kinds of
scenes so they shifted me around into different positions. One of
them got on his back and I had to squat atop him and lower my
tired, aching cuntbox onto his upthrust prick.
     I could hardly keep myself from groaning aloud, in both pain
and pleasure, as I sank down onto him, enveloping his hard cock
until it was all inside me and I sat, straddling his hips. I
wiggled back and forth for a few seconds as his hands squeezed my
breasts, then I started sliding up and down to bring him off.
     Another guy knelt behind me and pushed me forward so my chest
was almost against his. I couldn't figure out why until he pressed
his cock against my asshole and started to shove it inside. I
couldn't believe it. The idea of fucking me in the asshole and cunt
at the same time had never occurred to me before. I was brought out
of my near trance like state by this new obscene development.
     His cock really stretched out my asshole, especially since the
skin was already being stretched tautly by the other guy's prick in
my cunt slit. I whimpered in denial as he shoved inch after inch up
my asshole.
     The guy beneath me started to jerk me up and down on his
erection, and then the guy behind me started pumping his prick down
my rectum. It was too much. I couldn't hold back any more. I simply
gave up all resistance and burst into tears.
     At the same time I relaxed and abandoned all hold on my body
and it started to steam and boil with sexual fire. My groin pulsed
and screamed with the pressure the two pricks were putting on my
gut. I wasn't that big a girl and my abdomen didn't have much room
in it.
     Two giant hard cocks sliding up and down inside my belly at
the same time made my whole body quake and tremble with monstrous
carnal need. I exploded, shaking and twitching and jerking against
them both. My head rocked up and down like a horse as I mindlessly
soared through a tremendous orgasm.
     In the midst of it, they jerked my head up and to the side and
another guy drove his prick past my lips and into my mouth. The
three of them kept starting and stopping as they tried to adjust
the nearness of their cums, then they finally managed to get
together and all three of them sprayed their seed into me at the
same time.
     After that, they wanted more positions. I had to squat over a
guy sitting in a chair and fuck down on him as another guy fucked
my ass. When the guy came in my ass, they bent me backwards, bowing
my back painfully until another guy, standing behind me, could
pound his prick into my mouth.
     They put me on a narrow table, only a couple of feet wide. My
head and shoulders hung over one side, while my ass and legs hung
over the other. A guy held my legs up and apart while he nailed his
cock down my cuntslit. A second guy stood at the other side and
made me swallow his cock.
     When they had finished, I was dragged off the table and onto
the floor. Two of the big guys, including Ron, held me upside down.
One held each of my ankles and then stood on either side of me.
Each of them fucked their cocks into me, one in the asshole, and
the other in the cunt.
     I'd never been fucked upside down before and the blood rushing
to my head sent me off into another climax as the two guys pounded
their dicks in me.
     A guy lay on his back under me as they held me in mid air. He
pulled my head back so I was facing his cock and then they lowered
me onto it. His prick slid up into my mouth, and then right up into
my throat, startling me in the middle of a cum and almost making me
throw up, or down.
     Then another guy lay on his side in front of me and pushed his
cock between my hanging tits. He mashed my titties together around
his prong, jerking off in between them as he twisted and mashed
them around his tool
     My hands were grabbed and pulled out to either side. A hard
cock was placed in each palm and my ass spanked until I started
jerking my hand up and down the shafts. The guy with the camera
kept darting around, recording everything as I fucked five guys at
once.
     They put me on the bed on my side later, because it was too
much trouble holding me up. They jammed my top like high up and two
of them knelt on either side of me and stuffed their prongs into my
cunt and asshole. At the same time another guy fucked my face and
a fourth fucked my tits.
     I didn't know how many of them there were, or who had gone two
or three times each. I didn't care anymore. All I wanted was cock,
cock, and more cock. My body rejoiced with each new penetration,
ate cum like a starving man, and twitched and trembled and shook
through countless orgasms.
     I don't know when it actually ended. The last thing I remember
was lying on the bed, surrounded by all of them who were jerking
off. Again, they timed their cums and then all of them spurted
their jism onto me. Wads of sperm sprayed onto my tits, cunt, and
belly, into my hair and face, and even into my ears.
     I woke up outside. I was sitting, naked, propped up in a
corner besides the back stairs.
     As I slowly came around, I looked around blearily for my
clothes, and couldn't find them. I came more and more awake, aware
then that I was outside. I looked around anxiously, afraid of being
found naked. My body was sticky with dry, caked cum, and felt like
it had been in crushed by a steamroller.
     Every part of me ached, most especially my cunt, and asshole,
and tits. My throat felt raw as well, from swallowing cocks. I got
shakily to my feet, then fell down. I got up again, more slowly,
supporting myself against the side of the stairs.
     I stood, propped in the corner, looking around. The parking
lot was across the lawn about fifty yards ahead. I couldn't see
anyone so I staggered out across the walk and then onto the lawn.
I stumbled across to the parking lot, shrinking back from the
lights scattered here and there.
     I wobbled into the parking lot, looking for my Jeep. It took
me several minutes to find it in my confused state, especially
since I had to hide behind cars several times from cars and people.
     My senses slowly came back to me, and I was able to find my
car. I got down on my back on the cement next to it, and fished
around under it for my spare key. I found it and then got up again.
There wasn't a damned thing in the car I could use to cover myself
with, not a fucking thing.
     I didn't even have the roof with me. I had to drive home
naked. I took the quietest back roads, grateful that there wasn't
much traffic. I wondered what time it was, and how I was going to
get into my apartment building without a key.
     I passed several cars. I couldn't help it. All I could hope
was that they weren't looking at me and didn't notice, though I
knew some of them did, especially the time I had to drive through
a major intersection. There was a line of cars parked on both sides
and they were all looking straight at me as I drove through.
     Finally I detoured, going to Toni's house. At least I could
get in there without being seen by anyone. I parked a few houses
down and made my way through backyards to her window. The lights
were out, and I had to throw stones at the window for several
minutes before she woke up and looked out.
     Even in the dark I could see her shocked expression as she saw
me standing there below her window, naked. She disappeared and I
hid in a hedge until the back door opened and she scurried out in
her nightgown.
     "Tammie!" she hissed. "What the fuck are you doing here? How
come you're naked?!"
     "It's a long story." I sighed.
     "Jesus! You look like shit!" she exclaimed.
     "Thanks."
     "Your parents called for you. I couldn't keep the phone on
call forward forever. It's past two o'clock!" she said.
     "Oh Shit!" I groaned.
     "What the fuck happened."
     "Get me some clothes Toni." I sighed. "I'll tell you later."
     It wasn't until I got up into Toni's room that I realized that
they'd shaved all my pussy hair off sometime during the night. Not
only that but there was a message printed on my belly in big bold
red letters. It said, "FUCK ME".
     There was a wide arrow leading from the letters down to my
slit. There was a similar message on my back, that said "FUCK MY
ASSHOLE", also with an arrow that led down between my buttocks to
my little round opening.
Fortunately, Toni had her own bathroom with a shower, and the
letters were in lipstick and washed off.
     Neither of us could come up with an adequate excuse for my
parents and so, of course, I got grounded again. At least this
time, they let me take my car to school. Surprisingly, no word of
what happened leaked out at school, thank God.
     Still, I was no closer to that romantic love making experience
I'd read so much about in the books and magazines, and seen on TV.
     I went to my closet and opened the door, looking at myself in
the big mirror mounted on the inside. I was wearing my white silky
pyjamas, and looked far from sensuous, well, cute maybe, but not
sexy I didn't think. I unbuttoned the top and took it off, then
slid the bottoms off and stepped out.
     Again I looked at myself. I pulled my hair around, so it
framed my face better, and slitted my eyes to look sexier. I pushed
my breasts out, frowning. I put two fingers in my mouth, wetting
them, then slid them onto my nipples, twirling them around to make
them hard. Yes, that looked better.
     I turned slightly, to see myself in profile. My tits really
did look big from the side, probably because my frame was small. I
knew any man would love to fuck me, hell, Ron and his friends had
sure shown that. What I wanted was a special man.
     It was one thing to be fucked for a solid hour by a maniac,
like Hal, another to be fucked repeatedly by a punch of assholes in
a gang bang. What I was looking for was long, slow, sensuous
lovemaking, and it didn't look like it was easy to find.
     I sighed, and went back to my bed and jumped in. What I was
going to have to do, I decided, was to find someone raw and new,
maybe a virgin, and train him myself. I sure knew enough about sex
by now, and I knew what I was looking for. None of those big macho
studs had come through, that was for sure.
     I ran through all the boys I knew at school, trying to figure
out which would be most grateful, and most obedient, and willing to
learn. The problem was that most of the guys I knew were smart
asses, or macho tough boys. They would do they old wham bam routine
and then roll out of bed for football practice or something.
     Then out of nowhere, a strange idea came to mind. Larry, call
me Lawrence Macelby. I shook my head and laughed. That was
ridiculous. Macelby was a real wimp. He was kind of cute though.
     He was a little short, in fact, slightly shorter than me, and
pretty skinny, from what I'd seen. It was a little hard to tell,
since he always wore jackets and tie's to school, but at least he
wouldn't squash me.
     He was the head of the poetry club, and played the flute in
the school band. The only reason I knew him at all was because Ian
and Tom were always picking on him. Okay, I admit it, I also
remember him because he was cute. He had golden blonde hair that
came down almost to his shoulders, and framed his face very
prettily.
     That was one of the reasons the guys picked on him, because he
was so cute. Brian kept calling him sweety, and honey. The guy was
wimpy, but surely that would make him easy to train. He must be a
virgin, I mean, who would screw him. The guy hardly talked, so it
wasn't like he could be a big seduction artist.
     The next day at school, I made a point of watching out for
Lawrence. He usually came in through the front door near the
offices so he could avoid the gangs of people hanging out in back,
a lot of whom would love to make fun of him.
     I hung around for twenty minutes, feeling stupid. Finally
though, I saw him walking up the street from First Avenue. He must
live around here, I thought, then my lips pursed. If he lived
around here, maybe we could go to his place during the school day,
when my parents wouldn't be suspicious.
     I knew his parents wouldn't be home. Everyone knew his Mother
was dead, and his Father was some big shot with the Government who
was always busy. Hell, he hadn't even come to the stupid band
concert we'd all had to attend, and Lawrence was a solo performer.
     I had to play this easy though.
     "Hi Lawrence." I said, softly, as he passed me.
He looked startled, and turned suddenly, then looked around, as if
to find out who was there for me to make fun of him for.
     "Hi." he said, so quietly I hardly heard it.
He didn't stop walking, and I couldn't think of an excuse to get
him to.
     Wow, this wasn't going to be easy. Any guy I called out to
before always stopped, some of them so quickly the lost their
balance. I was pretty goddam cute when  I wanted to be. I wandered
in after him, wondering how to get this set up. Lawrence lived
around here. Somehow that made a weird kind of sense. I couldn't
see him riding the bus, and somehow he didn't look old enough to
drive, though I knew he was. It was just that the guy acted so...
innocent.
     Well, every boy in the world jerked off. I knew that. Even the
Pope, probably jerked off when he was little. If he jerked off,
then he probably fantasised about girls, and I was willing to bet
I'd be in those fantasy's right now. Lawrence didn't have many
friends, and no girlfriends, I'd bet.
     Once this guy had told me how he'd fantasized about me when he
jerked off, and all the things I'd done to him, and he'd done to
me. It made me feel a little weird to think about guys jerking off,
thinking about me, maybe even guys I hadn't even met, or hardly
knew.
     I waited around after school for Lawrence. He emerged with a
briefcase, no doubt loaded with homework, and a little square box
from the music department, that probably held his flute.
     He saw me, but his eyes skipped off quickly, probably worried
I'd taunt him and tell everyone he was staring at me. I'd decided
that subtlety wouldn't work with him, or at least, if it did, it
would take too long.
     I was dressed up like a nice girl today. The kind of girl I
figured he'd go for. I wore a nice pair of dress pants, all white,
and a white shirt, with a green vest.
     "Hi." I said, walking up next to him.
     "Uh... hi." he said, again looking around to see if he was
being set up.
     "do you mind if I walk with you?" I asked.
     "Why?" he responded, bluntly.
     "Well... I'd like to ask you something."
     "What?"
     "Do you think I'm attractive?"
He stumbled slightly, but then kept on walking.
     "Why?"
     "I just wondered."
     "You're okay."
     "Just okay?"
     "Why ask me?" he asked in confusion.
     "Well... see... I'd like you to do me a favour, and I could do
you a favour too."
     "What?" he asked, suspiciously.
I took a deep breath.
     "This is going to seem a little strange I suppose."
We crossed the street. I had no idea where we were going, other
than in the direction I supposed his home was.
     "I'd like to make love with you." I said.
He stopped and turned to stare at me, his brows knitted in
suspicion and confusion."
     "What?" he asked, stupidly.
     "You heard me."
     "Yeah... sure." he sniffed, turning away and walking on.
I hurried to catch up.
     "I'm not kidding you know."
     "Uh, huh."
     "You don't believe me?"
     "Not really."
     "Its true. See, I picked you."
     "You...  picked me?"
I nodded.
     "I'm tired of all these asshole macho goofs who are too stupid
and thoughtless to know or care what they're doing. I figure your
the sensitive type, right? I bet you wouldn't take me for granted
like them."
     "What kind of game are you playing?" he sighed.
     "Are you going home?"
     "Why?"
     "Do you always answer a question with a question?"
     "It's a Socratic method of defeating your opponents with their
own words."
     "I'm not your opponent."
     "Uh, huh." He didn't sound convinced.
     "IF you're going home, I'll go with you and we can do it
there."
     "Go away Tammie." he sighed.
     "Really." I exclaimed. "I'm not kidding, or trying to trick
you."
     "Like, I really believe you. What have you got planned? Got
Ian and Tommy waiting somewhere to jump me?"
     "Those guys are jerks." I said.
     "No, they're assholes. You need to have a brain to be a jerk."
     "Okay, they're assholes. I'm not, neither are you."
     "Come onnnnn." I sighed. "Take a chance I'm telling the
truth."
     "Why me? Assuming you're telling the truth that is."
     "Like I said. I figure you're probably pretty nice. You
wouldn't take me for granted, and... well... you are kind of cute."
He blushed lightly.
     "I'm a nerd, remember?"
     "Oh screw that. Come on, how could I trick you? We can go to
your place."
He stopped suddenly and looked at me. "We're already at my place."
he nodded at the house we were in front of.
     "Well, can I come in?"
He shrugged, and turned up the walk.
Boy, was this guy ever wary!
     I followed him up the walk, and he stopped at the front door
to unlock it. He went in, holding the door aside for me. He gave me
a very strange look as I followed him, as if wondering how long I
was going to keep up this charade.
     There was a little box next to the front door, and it had a
little blinking red light on it. Lawrence punched in some numbers
and the light stopped and another green one came on. "Alarm
system." he said.
     Then he punched in some more numbers while I wandered into the
living room and looked around. The place was right out of house
beautiful. That sucked. It was one of those places that looked like
nobody lived there. Everything was perfect and in its place. Even
the fireplace was clean and shiny.
     "Nice place." I said, dutifully.
"It's okay." he answered. "Want something to drink?"
     "Coke or something?"
     "Okay." he went down the hall to the kitchen, and I followed
him.
     "Your Dad at work?"
     "He's in New York until Tuesday." he said.
     "Well... You mean you're by yourself for three days?"
He nodded.
     "Lucky you." Lucky me, I thought.
He handed me a glass of coke, then led me out into the living room
again.
     "I have to go upstairs and change." he said. His voice was
higher than before, and quavered slightly. Maybe he was starting to
think I wasn't kidding after all. He turned on the TV.
     "You can watch MTV." he said.
     "Okay, sure."
     He went upstairs. I got up right away, and stripped off my
clothes. The only way he was going to cooperate was for me to take
the initiative. But then, that was what I had wanted, right?
     I head naked toward the stairs, passing the little alarm box
that shone a steady red. I grinned. He'd turned the alarm back on
so I couldn't let someone in secretly. Boy he was suspicious.
     I climbed the stairs and walked down the narrow hall, gazing
through the open doors I passed. There was one that was closed and
I figured that was his. I was right.
     He was standing near a huge closet, wearing only his shirt and
underwear. He turned as I opened the door. His haw dropped and his
eyes opened wide.
"I couldn't wait." I said, sliding lithely into the room.
     "Besides, why should you change into something else?"
I padded up beside him. He gaped at my nudity, his eyes shooting up
and down my body until I was right beside them and then fighting
manfully to stay at my face.
     "Still think I'm kidding?"
     I put my arms around his shoulders and kissed him. At first he
tried to pull back, giving one last show of wariness. But I held
him against me until our lips were closed together in a tight,
smooth kiss.
     It was a long kiss. He didn't really respond, just kind of
stood there, dumbfounded, his hands down at his side as our mouths
slid together.
     I pulled back briefly, and smiled at him, then kissed him
again. I felt his hands tentatively come up and touch my back
lightly. As our kiss continued, his hands seemed to gain more
confidence and stroked against my skin. Still, they stayed on my
upper back, not even sliding down around my lower back, let alone
my ass.
     My own hands came up and unbuttoned his shirt, then pushed it
off his shoulders. He was wearing only his underwear then. I put my
arms around him and hugged him to me, letting him feel my swelling
naked tits against his bare chest.
     I slid my hands down onto his ass, dipping inside his
underwear to cup his ass cheeks tightly. As if taking that as an
example, his own hands slid down my back and very gently cupped my
buttocks.
     "Harder." I whispered.
He complied, squeezing my ass cheeks between his fingers. I kissed
his neck, then his chest. My mouth slid down across his hairless
chest onto his nipple, sucking and chewing on it.
     Then I moved further down, dropping slowly to my knees in
front of him. I pulled his underwear, now bulging outward, down
around his knees, and his cock sprang free.
     It was a nice cock, not huge or immensely fat, but a good
solid size, solid being the operative word. At least he wasn't a
fag, that was one of the things I'd been worried about.
     I opened my lips and slid them around his cock, siding down
its length until the head pushed against the back roof of my mouth.
I slid my lips up and down it a few times, and then suddenly my
mouth was full of cum as he spurted his seed into me. I drank it
all down, bobbing quickly on his prick until it started to soften.
     Then I stood up, and smiled at him again. He was standing
there, a look of complete astonishment on his face. I smiled again.

     "Come on over to the bed." I whispered.
I took his hand and led him, almost like a zombie, over to his
perfectly made up bed.
     I pushed him into the bed and onto his back, and then got in
after him, kneeling between his legs, over his prick. He was so
excited, his cock was already hardening again. I pushed my head
down and slid my lips down on it again, bobbing my head up and down
and sucking the smooth textured skin.
     It was steel hard, and I pulled my head away, moving up his
body and squatting over his prick. I knelt, with my ass over him,
and held his cock pointed upwards in my hand.
     I lowered myself until the cockhead was pressed against my
slit. I gave him another smile, then let my legs slowly slide
apart, lowering me down onto his cock.
     His face still wore that look of amazement, only now it was
even more amazed, and combined with a look of enormous joy. I knew
he'd be a virgin, I thought smugly.
     My pussy slid down over his shaft, moving down, down, down,
until my cuntlips rested against his belly. I had all of his tool
up in my gut, and I squeezed on my cunt muscles, tightening them
around it.
     I leaned forward, sliding my hands up and down his chest, then
kissing him lightly. He responded this time, kissing me back with
a desperate passion. We kissed for long minutes as I slowly wiggled
my hot cunt box around his erection, then I moved away, sitting up,
back straight.
     I pulled my knees up, putting my feet flat on the bed on
either side of his body, and then raised myself so only his head
was in me. I winked at him, then slid back down, making him groan
in delight.
     I started sliding up and down on his organ, feeling it move
within me. I took his hands and brought them to my breasts, placing
them firmly against my round meaty sacks. He started to squeeze
them, his eyes fixed on them like a doe caught in a car's
headlights.
     I started riding him with greater and greater speed as my own
passion mounted. My fuck hole was dripping wet, and shooting little
sparks of heat into my guts. I dropped to my knees again, letting
my legs split wide as I sank fully onto his prick. I started
humping my hips up and down, and from side to side, sliding my body
around against his.
     I leaned far back, arching my back as I sought to rub his
prick against the upper part of my slit where my clitty was.
     Then Lawrence sat upright, his arms going around me, pulling
me forward against him. His mouth moved against my tits, against my
nipples. He licked over my nipples, rasping his tongue across each
little bud, soaking them, then pulling them between his lips and
sucking heavily.
     I slid my legs around him, hugging him to me, still rubbing my
crotch against his, humping, and bouncing lightly as my super
sensitive nipples were tortured into white hot heat.
     He dropped back onto the bed, pulling me with him, then rolled
over on top of me. I spread my legs wide apart as he lay atop me,
and he started to hump against me. He put his hands flat on the
mattress on either side of my head and raised his chest and body
upward, then started swinging his hips up and down against me.
     His cock slid up and down my cunt chute, sliding back and
forth inside my belly, driving my fires higher and higher. I don't
know why, but I suddenly realized that I liked Lawrence, and liked
him more than any of the other guys I knew. Maybe it was because I
thought he was a really nice guy.
     His cock was pumping inside me, and I started to lose control
of all my thoughts as my body began trembling and shaking on the
approach to orgasm. Then I was cumming, whining, and groaning
beneath him as he drove his prick into me with renewed force.
     I threw my legs around his back and humped and grinded against
him as my cunt burned and flared with powerful climactic heat. In
the midst of it, I felt Lawrence's juice shooting into my belly,
spraying around inside me as he came too.
     Afterwards we lay together hugging each other, talking. He
slid his hands around my nipples, lightly cupping and squeezing my
breasts.
     I put my hand on his and showed him exactly where and how to
squeeze my boobies, and then let him lick and suckle my nipples,
indicating what felt the best.
     He slid down the length of my body to rest between my legs,
staring intently at my open pussy slit, studying it. He peeled my
cuntlips apart and stared into me as I lay there slightly
embarrassed. Then he started to rub me. I had to show him where my
clit was and all, but he caught on real fast, and within minutes he
brought me to an orgasm.
     That seemed to fill him with tremendous excitement. He kept at
it, licking at me now, demanding to know how everything felt, what
to lick, what to rub, what to chew on and suck on, and how hard,
and when. I instructed him as best I could, until my mind got too
confused, and then all I did was grunt and then moan and shiver as
I came again.
     Lawrence had endless patience, and he was determined to master
everything about the female body. He brought me to orgasm after
orgasm with his tongue and hands. He slid his fingers in and out of
my pussy hole with intense concentration, relishing the soft, wet,
warm, silkiness of it's interior.
     He basked in pride every time I came, watching my face
contort, and my body writhe against the bed. He moved up my body
and began slurping on my titties again, experimenting with them as
his hands continued to slide in and out of my pussy, and squeeze
and fondle my clit.
     Again he brought me to orgasm, and I felt his eyes on my face,
from only a foot away as he studied me through my climax.
     Then of course, he had to try out every sexual position I
knew, or he had heard of. He fucked me missionary style, he fucked
me with my legs up on his shoulders, and with my ankles back
against my ears. He fucked me doggie style, and he fucked me from
the side, and upside down, and with me on top and on the bottom.
     We sixty-nined, and even experimented with bondage, that is,
he tied me up, he had no interest in being tied up himself. He tied
me to the four corners of the bed and used a feather from an old
fashioned pen set, to tickle my body lightly until I was almost mad
with lust.
     He stood above me as I knelt before him, hands tied behind me,
and sucked his cock down to the balls, and he kissed ever inch of
my body with his soft lips. He watched me masturbate, and then did
the same so I could watch him. We did everything either of us could
think of, and loved it all.
     Then as the sun set, we lit the fire in the fireplace. He put
down some huge soft rugs, turned on soft music, and lay down beside
me before the fire.
     We kissed lightly for a long time, our hands sliding
familiarly up and down each other's bodies.
Then I spread my legs, and he rolled on top of me. His cock slid
between my parted cunt lips, pushed down into my slit, and up into
my body.
     We lay there, arms clasped around each other, not really
moving except to kiss. I could feel his hard warmth up in my belly
as we twined our tongues together and kissed.
     He seemed fascinated by my hair, and kept stroking it, kissing
it, and nuzzling his face against it. He slowly began working his
prick in and out of me, siding it very gently up and down my fuck
tunnel. Neither of us was in a hurry after all.
     He fucked me for long, long minutes, a beautiful, soft, gentle
fuck. His cock was so soft, and so hard at the same time. I
couldn't resist sliding my hand down between our joined bodies and
holding it in my hand.
     I held my fingers lightly around his shaft as it slid up and
down between them, plunging deep into my gut, and then withdrawing.
Then he pulled my hand away, pulling it up above my head as he
started to fuck in earnest.
     His hips humped down blurringly fast, driving his fuck tool
down into me with relentless speed, purring, and humming and
buzzing across my clitty with predictable results. I came, and
came, and came, writhing and trembling against him as he fucked
down into me.
     Then he came too, stuffing his prick deep inside me and
letting his juice spray out the end and into my belly.
     Still we lay there, locked together, his softening prick
inside me. We kept kissing and stroking each other, and he hardened
once more.
     We fucked for long hours before the fireplace, or maybe I
should say, we made love. After all that searching I'd finally
found the kind of sex I'd been looking for, and in the last place
I would have expected.
     Lawrence and I started going steady not long after that.
Almost every evening, we'd lie before his fireplace and make love
for long hours. I brought him to a deserted stretch of beach and we
skinny dipped and made love in the sand with the moon above us and
waves crashing against us. That was fun. We took a picnic basket
into the woods and found a deserted meadow, where we made love in
the sunshine.
     None of the other guys could understand what I saw in
Lawrence, but I didn't care about them any more. I'd found what I
was looking for and they no longer interested me. Sex was out.
Making love was my new full time occupation.
