TEENAGE1

Hi! My name's Sandi, and I'd like to tell you about what happened
to me a little while ago. I'm still at school, and my friend
Jackie and I enjoy hoisting up our skirts and wearing skimpy
undies (or none at all!) to try and turn on the men teachers. It
gives us quite a thrill to see the bulges in their trousers when
we cross our legs and flash our crotches at them!

Anyway, last week, Jackie and I were at games, and we were
showering afterwards, soaping each other up and generally getting
quite excited: Jackie has a nice slim body with pert tits that
really stand out on her chest, topped with little pink nipples
that stick out through her top (she hardly ever wears a bra). I
noticed in the showers that she had shaved her pubes, leaving her
crack naked, so you could see her lips clearly. We were enjoying
our shower so much that we were the last to finish, as usual.

Of course, what with all the soaping, our teenage bodies soon
started to get all excited. Jackie's nipples were sticking out
even more than usual, and she was breathing heavily, and I could
feel my cunt getting hot and sticky. As I was soaping Jackie's
heaving tits, oblivious to anything else, the soap slipped out
of my hand and fell on the floor. I bent down to pick it up,
presenting a great view of my tight little snatch to Jackie. All
of a sudden, I felt something pushing into the entrance to my
virgin cunt. I looked round to see Jackie, grinning all over her
face as she worked two fingers inside me.

Now I have had plenty of lesbian fun before with my schoolmates,
so I knew what to expect as I reached behind me and spread my bum
cheeks to expose more of my hot cunt. The shower was still going,
the water splashing onto me, making my snatch and arse tingle as
Jackie continued to finger fuck me. "Hang on a mo, Jackie" I
gasped, "I'm going to fall over soon! Let's get comfortable.".
Then I knelt down on the floor, my arse in the air, and Jackie
knelt behind me and spread my cunt wide before lapping at my
juices which were by now pouring out of me. "Oooh, that's good"
I moaned, "Lick my clit and make me come!". I felt Jackie's
tongue work its way along my slit, probing into my hidden folds
and secret places, until it found the little bud of my clit.
Spreading me further to expose it, she started flicking the tip
of her tongue across it, and licking at me with long strokes of
her pointy pink tongue. I could feel the climax well up in me as
she continued to stimulate my clit, and my snatch became more and
more juiced up. As a wave of orgasm hit me, I trembled with
pleasure and moaned softly, while my cunt juices covered Jackie's
face and she lapped them up greedily.

I lay there for a moment with Jackie licking at me, before she
lifted her face and said "Well, that's got me all horny! What
wouldn't I give for a stiff prick inside me now!". "Well, you'll
have to make do with my fingers.", I said, kneeling up and
turning to face her. "Oh well", she said, grinning, "That'll have
to do, I suppose." With that, she lay back and spread her legs.
I knelt between her thighs and leaned forward to lick her
nipples, which stiffened even more. "Oh God", she said, "that's
nice!". With one hand, I groped down under me until I found her
shaved mound. It felt so smooth and soft that my cunt clenched
with lust as I stroked it. Feeling further down, I ran a finger
down into her sopping slit, slipping it in and out of her love
hole. She was so big that I was able to slide a second finger in,
and then I started thrusting them in and out, rubbing her clit
with my thumb as I carried on licking her delicious tits.

"What are you two still doing here?" came a voice from the
entrance to the shower room. I looked round to see Mr Robinson,
our games teacher, standing there. As I gaped, he turned off the
shower and said "Well? What is the meaning of this disgusting
behaviour? You know I'm going to have to report you two for this,
don't you?". Mr Robinson was quite good looking, but strict. I
knew that he would report us to the headmistress, and that could
be very awkward: she really enjoyed punishing us young
schoolgirls, and we all thought that she was probably a dyke,
anyway. Still, having just had my snatch thoroughly licked out
by Jackie, I was feeling very horny, and I couldn't stop myself
staring at the front of his tracksuit bottoms as an idea came to
me. "You wouldn't want us to get into trouble, Mr Robinson, would
you?" I pouted, sticking out my little teenage tits. Behind me,
Jackie had knelt up, and was making a big point of licking her
lips as she fondled her own pussy. As I watched, I could see a
bulge rise in the front of his track suit. "I mean, it's not as
if we wouldn't make it worth your while...", I said, walking over
to him and feeling the outline of his now rigid cock through the
trousers. Quick as a flash, I pulled them down and his stiff rod
swung free. "Look at this, Jackie" I said, "you said you wanted
a good stiff one - here it is!"

With that, I knelt down in front of him and started licking the
head of his cock. He was huge, and as my tongue slurped round his
helmet, he got even stiffer and bigger. I opened my lips and
started to take him into my mouth, sliding my lips over his shaft
and caressing it with my tongue. When I had got him right inside
me, he started to thrust back and forward, fucking my mouth and
getting more and more turned on. I could taste his come as a
little bit leaked from the tip of his huge cock.

Meanwhile, Jackie was watching us, frigging her cunt as she got
more excited with out horny antics. Unable to keep away any
longer, she came closer and started to fondle his hairy balls,
which were full of come. Before I could make him spurt, he pulled
his cock out of my mouth and said "Bend over, I'm going to fuck
that tight little teenage cunt of yours." I turned round and
leaned forward, presenting my juicy fanny to him. I had never
been so brazen before, and I was really enjoying myself! With one
hand he spread me, before plunging his huge tool deep into my wet
cunt. I could feel his thick shaft pushing my cunt walls apart,
and as he started to shag me, pulling nearly all the way out
before thrusting deep into me, I could feel his cock throb inside
me. I cried out to Jackie, "Come and finger my clit! Make me
come!". She came over and, reaching under me, started to stroke
my bud, sending waves of pleasure throbbing through me. The
clenching of my cunt as I started to climax started the games
teacher off, and he started to buck and thrust harder as his cock
began to spurt, sending his come splashing deep into me.

He pulled out, still pumping spunk up me, and as his cock slurped
out of my snatch, the last spurt shot over my arse, covering me
in creamy juice. Straight away, Jackie got in front of him and
said, "Lie down, I want to lick you clean.". He did that, quickly
ripping off the rest of his clothes, and Jackie crouched between
his legs and started to lick and suck his cock, which before very
long grew stiff again. "Oh good", she said, "now it's my turn!".
With that, she turned her back on him and, straddling him with
her legs, squatted over his cock. Holding it with one hand, she
slowly lowered herself onto it, easing it length into her,
sighing with pleasure. She was fondling her clit with one hand
and stroking his balls with the other when I walked over and said
"Let me do that", and crouched down between his thighs licking
the base of his prick, up her slit, to find her throbbing clit.
I spread her with my fingers so that I could really give her a
good sucking, enjoying the feeling of her cunt clenching round
his cock as each wave of pleasure spread out from her clit, and
watching as his prick stretched her cunt round it as it
penetrated her.

As she rode him, she took over stroking her own clit, her eyes
closed in ecstasy, biting her lip and moaning with pleasure at
the sensations of a big prick inside her and the stimulation she
was giving herself. I went round and knelt over his face,
thrusting my muff forward at him. "Lick me out,", I ordered. His
tongue started to lap around my folds, exploring me and seeking
out my pleasure zones. Every now and then, he would push it into
me, fucking me with it, before flicking it around over my now
sensitive clit. The more he licked my juices up, the hornier I
became, until I was writhing around with the pleasure of it.

Meanwhile, Jackie was getting near to her climax, and was
bouncing up and down on the games teacher's cock, getting as much
of it inside her as she could, all the while rubbing frantically
at her clit. Suddenly she cried out as she came, wriggling on the
thick prick inside her. As her cunt gripped his shaft, he started
to orgasm inside her. I could see the look of pleasure on her
face as her tight snatch pumped the come from his cock into her.
As he came, his tonguing became more frantic, and he thrust his
tongue inside me, bringing me off as well. We collapsed in a heap
on the floor, covered in each other's come, to recover. Then he
took us home in his car, but I'll tell you more about that
another time...
