TEENAGE3

Hi! In my last story, I told you about the fun that me and
Jackie, my friend, had with our games teacher in the showers, and
I promised to tell you more about the fun we've had!

Just up the road from the school I go to is a boys school. Quite
often, we sneak out at lunchbreak to hang around outside,
flashing our panties as the boys come out. It really embarrasses
them when they have to walk along with a hard-on making their
trousers bulge, I can tell you!

Anyway, one day after school, Jackie and me were hanging around
by the bike sheds, talking about how we liked to be fucked when
we suddenly had this feeling of being watched. We looked around
to see a head disappear behind the fence. "Somebody's spying on
us, Sandi!" Jackie said. "Let's go and catch the little creep",
I replied, and we both rushed out after whoever it was.

As we ran out of the school, we saw that it was one of the boys
from the school up the road. We carried on chasing him, and he
ran for ages before taking a turning into the local fields. When
we got to the turning, we looked across the field, and saw him
still running towards the woods. "Quick, we'll catch him now!"
said Jackie, and we both ran after him. Just as he got into the
woods, we caught up with him, and Jackie grabbed him from behind
while I ran round in front of him. "You little spy!" I shouted
at him, "I'll teach you to listen in on our conversations!". With
that, I pushed him to the ground and slapped him. "How dare you
spy on us!" I shouted. He kept trying to free himself, struggling
and wriggling to escape, and as I knelt astride him to stop him
getting up, his body rubbing against my crotch started to turn
me on, and I could feel the gusset of my knickers get damp with
my juice. "I know what we can do to teach him a lesson." I said
to Jackie, "If he wants to know about our private lives, we'll
show him". "Good idea!" said Jackie, and she started to pull his
trousers down. "Oooh, he's lovely and stiff!" she said, as she
pulled off his briefs, "I think he must have been playing with
himself while he was watching us talking!" I looked round from
where I was holding him down, and gasped when I saw his cock: it
was thick and rigid, with big veins standing out on it. At its
tip, a little drop of come glistened where it had escaped.

Jackie held his shaft with one hand, and spread the come around
with her finger, making the tip of his rod slippery and wet. She
started to stroke his balls, and as they tightened, I felt him
slowly stop struggling under me. I climbed off him and took my
soaking knickers off, exposing my bare cunt to the cool evening
air. Jackie started to wank the boy's shaft, pulling the skin up
and down, caressing his balls with her other hand, and I could
see that he was starting to pant with lust as he watched me
finger my own naked cunt. I knelt over his face, facing Jackie,
and lowered my snatch over his mouth, spreading my lips wide to
expose my fleshy pink folds. "Lick me out," I ordered him, "Push
your tongue inside me." He started to probe me with his tongue,
poking it clumsily into my cunt and spreading my juices around,
and lapping at my throbbing clit. Suddenly, I felt his tongue
push into me and his body stiffen as Jackie lowered her mouth
over his cock and slid a slim finger into his arsehole. She
wasn't sucking him for long before his hips started to thrust and
he started to moan. "Don't waste his come, Jackie" I said,
climbing off and kneeling with my wet, open snatch positioned
over his shaft while Jackie stood up and started to undress. I
started to lower myself gently onto him, working his tool into
my tight teenage pussy, feeling my cunt open up like a flower to
take him into me. As I rode him, his prick grew even stiffer and
thicker inside me, pumping up and down and making my cunt grow
hotter and wetter. By now, Jackie had taken all her clothes off,
and was squatting over the boy's face, and pulling his head into
her crotch, shouting "Lick my cunt!" while she rubbed herself
against him. I started to come, frantically fingering my clit as
a climax started to well up inside me. The clenching of my tight
cunt oround his cock set him off, and I could feel him thrusting
up to meet me, his prick twitching and jerking as his balls star-
ted to pump his come into me. As his hot juice started to spurt
inside me, my orgasm hit me and I rubbed my clit in a frenzy
while my vagina clenched around the throbbing flesh inside me.

Jackie was now juiced up and ready to go as she climbed off him.
His licking had left her soaking wet with her juices oozing from
her warm cunt, and her lips were stiff and engorged, protruding
between her legs. "Lie down, and let me lick that cream out of
you" she said, helping me off the stiff prick that impaled me.
I stood up, my legs trembling, and lay her back before turning
round and kneeling over her face, positioning my head between her
thighs. I felt her pull my buttocks down to her, and she started
to lap at my slit, which was still so sensitive from my climax
that I gasped with pleasure as her tongue probed into me and
licked me clean. I lowered my face to her gash, and lapped up her
warm juices, savouring her musky scent, and lashing her stiff
clit with my tongue. We rolled over until I was on my back
beneath her, still with my tongue embedded inside her tight
snatch, and her thighs clamped around my face as she quivered in
ecstasy while she licked and sucked at my quim.

Suddenly, the boy appeared above me and I was treated to the
sight of the huge prick that had penetrated my young snatch being
gently thrust into Jackie. I felt her moan as her lips were
spread wide by the huge helmet, and I watched every inch of the
shaft slide smoothly into her. As he pushed it right in, I lapped
at his balls, and at Jackie's clit, watching her thrust her hips
back to bury more of his stiff length inside her. The pace of her
licking at my juicy flesh increased, and her tongue flicked
across my clit, making me juice up again, and making my lips
swell and part with pleasure. He started to plunge in and out of
her, and I could hear the soft slurp as her pussy swallowed up
his length with each thrust, leaving it glistening and wet as it
slid out again. Her cunt was twitching and clenching around him
as waves of lustful pleasure engulfed her, and she started to
moan softly with pleasure. I carried on licking both of them, amd
I felt her push first one, then two fingers into my snatch as she
continued to lick me out, before taking her weight on her elbows
and spreading me wide so she could bury her face inside me. I was
gasping with pleasure: the licking I was getting, together with
the horny sight of my best friend's cunt being thoroughly fucked
right in front of my face was almost too much to bear.

I could see her climax beginning almost before she realised it
herself. Her clit swelled and started to protrude from between
her folds, making it easier for me to caress it with my tongue,
and her fleshy lips swelled even more. Her legs started to
tremble. The boy's balls tightened as he started to come inside
her, then suddenly he cried out and thrust hard into her, his
buttocks clenching with the force of his orgasm. As his come
splashed into her, her cunt started to climax and I was treated
to the sight of her juicy snatch pulsating and throbbing as the
waves of orgasm rolled over her. It was all too much for me - my
hips arched, ramming my open gash into her face as my own orgasm
hit me and I cried out and writhed under her, pushing my face
into her snatch and licking her throbbing clit and slurping her
juices while the waves of pleasure flowed over me. The boy pulled
his cock out of Jackie, and a rush of come and her juices
followed it, which I lapped up eagerly before sucking him clean.

It took us a while to recover from our lust session in the woods,
but it left me with a taste for the outdoor life, I can tell you!
