TEENAGE5

Hi! I'm Sandi, and by now I expect you will have read a bit about
me, so I won't bore you with the introductions! I thought I'd
tell you about some of the fun that me and my friend Jackie had
when we went on holiday a couple of years ago.

We were both taking our GCSE's that year, and we had been so busy
preparing for our exams that we had hardly had a chance to get
up to any of our naughty tricks, apart from the occasional
groping session with each other round at Jackie's. One day, just
before we were due to sit our last exams, Jackie had said to me,
"Why don't we go away on holiday together and relax after all
this studying?" I thought this was a great idea and together we
hatched a plan to get enough money together to go abroad (but
then you know about that if you've read my previous adventures).

We decided on Spain, since it would be nice and hot, and we had
been told that there was plenty of good crumpet out there (male
AND female), so off we went to the travel agents to see what sort
of cancellation offers they had, and came out having booked
ourselves 2 weeks in Majorca (well, it's nearly Spain!) leaving
the following week. We went home in a state of great excitement
to pack, looking forward to some sea, sun and, well, you can
probably guess the rest!

We arrived in Majorca to be greeted by beautiful hot sunshine,
quite unlike the wind and rain we'd left behind in England, and
we took a taxi to our hotel. When we arrived, we were shown to
our room, which was a nice double one with a balcony overlooking
the swimming pool. Straight away, we started to unpack and get
changed into something a bit cooler. But it wasn't going to be
as simple as that! I had just taken off my skirt and slipped my
knickers down, and was bending down to take them off completely
when I felt Jackie run a finger along my slit, starting just
below my bum and running it round to my hard little clit. Maybe
it was the fact that I hadn't had a good shagging in ages, or
perhaps it was the sunshine, but I suddenly felt so horny that
nothing else mattered. Within seconds, my pussy started to juice
up, and my little pink cunt lips started to grow more and more
engorged, pouting wetly. Jackie started to rub her fingers over
my labia, making them stiffen even more and causing my clit to
begin to swell and throb. I sighed in ecstasy and would have
fallen flat on my face on the floor if I hadn't been facing the
bed at the time. I lay there on my front, my feet on the floor
and my bum just hanging over the edge.

"Hang on a minute, Sandi", said Jackie, "I've got a surprise for
you." Then she went over to her suitcase and started rummaging
around in it. She was behind me, so I couldn't see what she was
up to, but it wasn't long before I found out! She walked back,
and started working her fingers along my slit, thrusting inside
my hole every now and then, really getting me steamed up. Then,
all of a sudden, I felt my cunt get stretched wide open as she
thrust something up me. I craned round to see her shoving one end
of her huge double dildo into me. I should have guessed what it
was, after all I'd bought it for her as a joke Christmas present,
but right now it was me that was getting all of the benefit from
it!

Then, as I craned my head round to watch, Jackie stood up on
tiptoe and held the end of the dildo to the opening of her cunt,
then lowered herself gently on to it, so she was straddling my
legs. The movement of her slipping onto the thick shaft that was
buried inside me made great waves of pleasure spread from my
cunt, and I moaned as she carried on impaling herself on her end
of the dildo. Because I had my legs closed around it, the stim-
ulation my cunt was getting was even better than usual, and as
Jackie started to pump it in and out of me I knew I couldn't hold
out long. She was crying out in ecstasy as the thick shaft slid
in and out of her and I had my face buried in the bedclothes as
the force of her thrusts pushed me back and forth on the bed,
which was rubbing my mound and clit up against the side of the
bed. My cunt started to contract round the dildo that was buried
inside me, clenching it as the waves of orgasm started to flow
from my juicy snatch. Then I cried out as my clit throbbed with
the force of my climax while Jackie kept on pumping away at my
cunt.

Just as I finished climaxing, I heard the door latch click. I
looked round to see the door opening and the maid looking in with
an expression of complete shock on her face. It was quite obvious
that she had never seen anybody being fucked before, let alone
two horny teenage girls like us. She stood there at the door for
an eternity before muttering what sounded like an apology in
Spanish before popping her head back round the door and closing
it.

Jackie grinned and said, "Well, I bet she wasn't expecting to see
this! I wonder what she's thinking now?". I replied, "Well, if
I was her, I'd be wondering how to get in on all the fun!". We
both laughed and Jackie said "Come on then, last one in the pool
gets to do all the licking tonight!" before climbing off me,
leaving the dildo sticking obscenely out of my cunt like a
flagpole. Carefully, I stood up and pulled it out of me, and made
a big show out of licking Jackie's end. "Mmmm, well if this is
anything to go by, Jackie, you can just rush on down there and
I'll follow you. I'd be quite happy to spend all night licking
you out the way this tastes!" With that, I started to get my
bikini on: I'd brought the skimpiest one I could find, and it
barely covered my cunt, and had a thin string that went up my bum
crack, with a top that pushed my firm tits up and together.

Five minutes later, we came out, and I locked the room as Jackie
started to walk down the corridor. As I walked down after her she
suddenly stopped and put her finger to her lips. "Shhh", she
whispered, and pointed to a door which was slightly ajar, "That
maid's in there, and I don't think she's making beds!". We both
peered through the crack and there was the maid who had come in
on our sex session, lying back on the bed, with her black dress
up round her waist and both hands obviously busy with her snatch.
Every now and then a little whimper escaped her lips as she tried
to bring herself off.

Before I could stop her, Jackie had barged into the room and as
I followed her in, she had gone straight over to the surprised
maid and, lifting her legs apart, had dived between them and was
licking and slurping away at her cunt. As I walked over to the
bed, I nearly tripped over the maid's knickers, where they had
been flung aside in her haste to start playing with herself. She
was obviously so surprised by the speed of Jackie's arrival that
she didn't have time to protest, and pretty soon she was really
getting into it.

Standing there behind Jackie, watching her gorgeous bum, barely
covered by her skimpy bikini bottoms, I started getting all
turned on again, and before I could stop myself, I had rushed
forward and pulled them down to expose her juicy cunt and soft
white arse. Holding her cunt lips apart with one hand, I started
fingering her snatch with the other. She was still so wet from
having had the dildo up her that I managed to slip first one,
then two, and finally three fingers up inside her hole, working
them in and out of her.

The maid was becoming more and more excited by what was being
done to her, and she was thrashing up and down as Jackie carried
on nuzzling her soaking gash with her tongue and lips, pushing
her fingers inside her tight cunt hole, then suddenly she came,
crying out in Spanish as she shook with the sensations that
Jackie was stimulating inside her. As she climaxed, Jackie
started to pant as the attention I was giving to her gash started
to bring her to orgasm. Panting and bucking her arse as she came,
she carried on licking the maid's juicy cunt until her climax hit
her and all she could do was to lie quivering on the bed. I think
the maid must have become a bit embarrassed about what was going
on, because she started to try and get up from the bed. Jackie
climbed out from between her thighs and said "What time do you
come off duty?" before she had a chance to go. The maid replied,
"At eight o'clock, after the dinner is being served".  "See you
in our room at eight, then. Do you understand?", said Jackie,
giving her a big wink, and reaching down to grope her sopping
snatch one last time. "Oh yes" replied the maid, nodding
urgently, "I understand good!" and quickly got up off the bed,
adjusting her skirt and starting to tidy up as Jackie and me went
out of the room.

We weren't really all that interested in swimming after all that,
but we went down and hung around in the pool, discussing what we
were going to do that evening. Jackie wasn't sure whether the
maid would come back, but I reckoned that she wouldn't be able
to resist one of Jackie's cunt-licking sessions now she'd had a
taster of what was on the way. At about 6 o'clock, we went back
inside to change before we went down and had dinner. We were
sitting in the restaurant when the same maid appeared at out
table, serving the dinner. Jackie gave her bum a sneaky grope
while she was serving up the food, and we were both surprised
when she smirked and patted her cunt through her uniform dress.

When we had finished our meal, we both rushed up to our room to
get ready. I could see that Jackie was as excited about the
evening ahead from the way she ran up the stairs and burst into
the room. We had about half an hour to get ready, and we both
went into the shower to cool off before changing into something
to suit the occasion. When we had finished, Jackie was wearing
a sleeveless T-shirt that exposed the sides of her boobs when she
leaned even slightly forward, not that anybody was going to
notice that, since she was wearing no knickers, and the T-shirt
barely went down over her pubes. I had a pair of shorts on, that
were cut really high at the sides, to show most of my juicy
little bum, and a cut-off T-shirt that just covered my tits,
leaving the bottoms of them peeking out underneath.

We had brought a couple of bottles of wine up with us, and we
decided to have a couple of glasses while we waited for the maid,
who had told us at dinner that she was called Maria, to arrive.
By 10 to 8 we were a little bit drunk, and were falling about on
the bed and giggling as we messed about with each other's young
bodies. "The trouble is", slurred Jackie, "that what I REALLY
need right now is some thick stiff dick up me!" "You'll have to
wait then, Jackie" I replied, "But we'll go out later and see
what we can find. Me, I'm just looking forward to teaching Maria
how to give a good licking.". Just as we spoke, there was a
gentle knock on the door. Me and Jackie rushed over to open it,
and Maria walked in. She had obviously come straight up from
work, because she was still wearing her uniform, and she quickly
shut the door behind her. "I must not be seen in the guests'
rooms," she explained, "or the manager, he will give me the
sack!".

Jackie went over and poured Maria a glass of wine, while she sat
down on the bed. "I am a little bit, how you say, nervous" she
said to me, "I think you should know I am virgin.". I gasped,
nearly choking on my wine: it had never occurred to me that
Maria, who looked about 25, might never have known the feeling
of a stiff thick cock sliding up her. "Well in that case," I
said, "we've got lots to show you then!", then I leaned forwards
and started to unbutton the front of her uniform, to let her
breasts swing free. I was a bit surprised to find that she wasn't
wearing a bra - her dark juicy tits nestled invitingly and I
couldn't wait to get my lips round one of her brown nipples.  I
carried on unbuttoning her dress, and when it was completely
undone, I opened it up. Maria was by now leaning back on the bed,
and was watching me with a look of interest as I started to
caress her brown body.

Kneeling on the floor between her legs, I took one of her
succulent tits in my hands, and gently started to nibble and suck
on her nipple. She gasped, and almost immediately, the nipple
started to harden and swell. Quickly, I turned my attentions to
the other breast, making Maria moan softly and I could feel her
breathing deepen as she started to relax into it. As I carried
on stimulating her tits, I could feel her pushing up with her
hips to rub her mound against my belly. I could feel my cunt
start to pulse as the blood rushed to it and, glancing sideways,
I saw Jackie sitting on a chair with her legs spread wide,
fingering her wet snatch. Maria still had her knickers on, and
I suddenly got the urge to bury my face in her muff, so I lifted
up her feet so they were on the edge of the bed, and started to
pull her panties down. She soon got the message, and lifted up
her bottom to let me remove them. As I slid them down, she
wriggled so that her head was at the other side of the bed, and
there was room for me to kneel between her warm inviting thighs.
With both thumbs I parted her labia and put my lips to her musky
cunt, inhaling her smell. Then I gently poked my tongue out and
slowly worked it up the length of her snatch, probing and
caressing every warm juicy fold as I made my way to her clit
which by the time I reached it was stiff and protruding. As my
tongue lashed across it, Maria let out a long shuddering moan,
then I felt her stiffen as she came, lifting her arse off the bed
and trembling as she revelled in the sensations my tongue was
giving her.

All this was making me extremely horny, and my cunt needed some
serious attention so, not sure what Maria would make of it, I
climbed onto the bed and straddled her face. Before I could lower
my cunt to her mouth, she said "I am sorry, Sandi, but I have not
done this thing before - I do not know what I must do.". "Don't
worry," I said, "Just stick your tongue out like this". I poked
out my tongue, making it pointed and stiff, "Then just let me do
all the work.". Maria stuck out her tongue, and carefully I
lowered my cunt so that it was just pushing at the entrance to
my pussy, then I started to move back and forth a tiny bit, just
enough to have Maria's tongue rub between my cunt hole and the
tight bud of my clit. "Mmmm", I heard her say then, letting her
head fall back so she could speak, she said, "Oh, Sandi, you
taste nice. I must lick you some more.". Well, it was obvious
that Maria was a natural at this sort of thing! Her tongue
started to rasp up and down, and from side to side, first pushing
into me, then licking me in great long strokes, then probing my
crevices. Before long, I could feel my legs trembling as my
climax started. I was desparate for her to lick my clit so she
could bring me off, but she was still working out what was what,
and her tongue carried on stimulating me enough to drive me crazy
with lust, but not enough to make me come.

Meanwhile, Jackie had got up and walked round between me, holding
the dildo. She lay on her front on the bed between Maria's
thighs, and in between gasps, I said "Don't hurt her, Jackie.
Remember she's never been fucked before." Jackie nodded, and I
went back to concentrating on the exquisite sensations that Maria
was creating in my pussy. I had never been turned on quite so
much without coming, and I could feel my climax rise, then
subside as Maria's questing tongue first flicked over, then moved
away from my throbbing clit. Then I heard Maria gasp and looked
round to see Jackie slipping two fingers into Maria's soaking
cunt. Slowly she started to fuck Maria with her fingers, sliding
them in and out before she suddenly pushed them right in. Maria
stiffened, then cried out as Jackie's fingers took her virginity
then, as Jackie's lips and tongue joined in on Maria's cunt, she
purred with pleasure and started to lick my horny snatch again.
Looking up for a moment, Jackie said "It's just how I lost mine,
and it's not so bad!", before picking up the dildo and sliding
the tip into Maria. I could feel Maria move her hips around as
she got used to the feeling of being filled up with a stiff cock,
even if it was a fake one, and before long, Jackie had got most
of Maria's half of the double dildo into her. Then, squatting
astride Maria's hips, Jackie placed her end inside the entrance
to her own pussy and in one quick movement slid the whole length
inside her. "Mmmmm, that feels so nice!", she murmured, and
started to pump herself up and down, holding on to me for
balance. I know what that dildo feels like up me, and I could
imagine what it was doing inside Maria's tight virgin cunt, and
she moaned and bucked with pleasure while she carried on licking
me out.

Jackie must have already been really turned on, because it wasn't
long before she was gripping me hard and really thrashing up and
down as her orgasm hit her. All this extra stimulation was
getting to Maria, because I could hear her sharp moans as each
thrust of the dildo drove it deep into her, rubbing her clit
against Jackie's as their hips thrashed around together. Jackie
must have made an extra big thrust then because Maria's head came
up and her mouth clamped around my cunt, her tongue lashing
across my clit and labia in a frenzy as she rocked with her
second climax of the evening. It was too much for me, and I let
go with my own orgasm, sobbing and crying out. It was the best
climax I had ever had, washing over me and making me rock and
shudder as each successive wave of pleasure hit me.

I suppose, what with all the noise we were making, somebody had
to have heard us, because for the second time since we had
arrived at the hotel, the door opened and two blokes walked in.
Both of them stood there, their eyes popping out of their heads
as they watched the three of us thrashing on the bed. After all
the sucking and fucking we'd been doing, the smell of sex filled
the room and I could see the bulges in their trousers as they
realised what was going on. "Come on then, lads,", I called out,
"Are you just going to stand there watching or what?". I climbed
off Maria, who was still lying totally knackered on the bed, and
went over to them.

Pushing the door shut behind them, I knelt on the floor and
started to undo the flies of the one nearest me. Pretty soon, I
had his trousers and briefs down round his ankles, and his stiff
cock in my hands. It was a long one, but I was surprised at how
slim it was, although it was extremely stiff. His foreskin had
rolled back slightly, exposing his purple helmet. I couldn't wait
any longer to taste him, so I opened my mouth and gobbled up his
entire length. Then, cupping his balls in my hand and squeezing
and caressing them gently, I started to suck on his cock, sliding
it in and out of my mouth, tickling the helmet and tracing all
the veins with my tongue. His friend struggled out of his
trousers and went round behind me, then without further ado just
slid his cock all the way into me. I could feel from the way my
cunt was stretched open that the prick that was fucking me was
most definitely a good thick one, just how I like them. He
started to get into his stride, pulling his cock right out of me
then ramming it all the way back in until his balls banged
against my thighs.

With the sucking I was giving his friend, it wasn't long before
I felt his cock stiffen and start to shoot come into my mouth.
With each spurt, I gripped his balls and squeezed every last drop
out of him, lapping it up and holding it in my mouth. As he
finished climaxing, the guy shagging my cunt started to pump
spurts of come up me too, grunting and gasping as my pussy walls
sucked him dry. "Come on, Sandi, let's have some of that come"
said Jackie, who had by now climbed off Maria, and was now lying
beside her, one hand stroking between her legs and one on her own
fanny as she watched me being fucked at both ends. I couldn't say
anything with my mouth full of semen, so I went over to her and,
holding her cunt lips open, dribbled it into her. "I meant, so
I can taste it!" she laughed. "You can", I replied, "out of MY
cunt. That's for Maria - we've got to consider her education, you
know!". Then I climbed onto the bed and lay back, legs spread
wide. Jackie went on all fours over me, so she could start
licking the come that had been pumped into my snatch. She lapped
it up while Maria knelt up on the bed to lick Jackie out, holding
her bum cheeks wide with both hands so she could bury her face
in Jackie's pussy - she had definitely got a taste for sperm!

She was so intent on this that she was totally unaware of the guy
who I had sucked off coming up behind her. Holding her cunt open
with one hand, he fed the tip of his cock into her. I could see
her face just above me, and from the look of pleasure that passed
across it, she was clearly enjoying her first cock - she was
getting quite an education! It was obviously a tight fit though,
because he was having to slip it in a little bit at a time,
although she was soaking wet, but with each thrust it slid in a
little further and I heard Maria uttering little grunts of
satisfaction. I heard the other guy tell his friend to move over
a bit, and he and Maria moved sideways. Then, inches above my
face, while Jackie licked my cunt clean, I watched the cock that
had fucked me so thoroughly slide smoothly into Jackie's greasy
cunt, then start pumping in and out. Not wanting to miss out on
the action, I pulled Jackie down towards me and started to lick
her clit, while her tongue probed my cunt. The thick prick
shafting her soon had the same effect as it had on me, and she
started to buck, pushing her arse up at her lover, moaning out
and shouting "Fuck me, oh that's lovely, mmm!" as she came. The
guy fucking her pulled his cock out as her climax finished, then
jerking himself off, he came all over her buttocks and cunt,
letting it drip down over my face. Quickly, I grabbed his cock
and sucked it clean, before starting on her rear.

My attention was diverted by Maria, who was really enjoying her
first fuck, and was crying out in Spanish as the guy shafting her
slid his cock in the last bit and had started to pump away at her
cunt. She was so tight that it didn't take long for her to start
coming again, and as her pussy contracted and relaxed, it set him
off, and with a couple more thrusts he started coming. Before he
could shoot his sperm inside her, he too pulled out and came over
her bum, shooting jets of thick white come across her cheeks so
they ran down her bum crack. Jackie climbed off me and rushed
round to lick it up before I could get to it, and had slid under
Maria and was licking the come off her while she finished off the
job I had started on Jackie.

What a wonderful start to our holiday!
