             The Experiment



              Chapter 1

   Lisa Carter skillfully maneuvered the cream-colored Austin Healey
convertible over the winding country road past the white-fenced fields, and
through the open gateway that led to the dorm area of Fairmount College. As
the sportscar approached the parking lot, she geared down from third into
second and brought it to a sliding halt. Not bothering to open the low
slung door, she swung one long sun tanned leg and then the other over the
side of the car, showing her softly rounded calves and lower thighs beneath
the short pleated skirt that draped loosely from her hips. The brilliant
Saturday afternoon sun beat down on her uncovered head, lighting up the
shimmering strands of her long golden hair with bright streaks of
yellow-white light. Her wide-set gray eyes, now flickering with sparks of
anger, unconsciously squinted against the bright sunlight as she made her
way to her room. A mixture of angry frustration engulfed her thoughts as
she proceeded to mechanically climb up the long narrow stairway of her
dorm. How could Mark be so thoughtless about her feelings on this of all
weekends? How could he? Her anger mounted with each step she took to the
top of the stairway. She could still picture Mark in her mind, waving
good-bye to her from the train window. It was just an hour ago that she
left him at the station and then her anger was momentarily absorbed by the
emptiness she felt when he wasn't with her. But now that was pushed away by
the disappointment she felt about him not being here for the dance tonight.
This was the night of the Annual Presentation Ball given to introduce the
girls of Fairmount to the men students at the nearby university. It had a
special meaning to her because it was a year ago at this dance that she had
first met Mark. She had looked forward to this special evening for weeks
and had even picked out a new chiffon gown in Mark's favorite color. Now
that was all over, after all the planning there was to be no dance, no Mark
. . . just a lonely evening in her room while everyone else was off
enjoying themselves. The phone call from his mother came Thursday night and
it was just yesterday morning that he reluctantly told her he would have to
go home for her birthday dinner. His mother had a weak heart and was easily
excitable, Lisa thought as her anger began to fade. She knew he couldn't
say no to her . . . the doctor had warned Mark not to upset her in any way.
Lisa sudden got mad at herself for being so selfish when she realized that
Mark had no other choice but to go home this weekend. There would be other
times together, other dances. When she entered her room, Kathy, her
roommate, was waiting for her. "If I didn't know better, I'd think you were
ill," she said as she watched Lisa slump down in the cushioned chair by the
window. "I'd rather be ill than the way I feel right now," Lisa murmured as
she gazed out the window at the rolling green hills behind the dorm. She
could feel tears of disappointment swelling in her eyelids and bursting in
small trickles down her flushed cheeks. "Don't sit here all day and mope
Lisa," Kathy said as she made her way to the bathroom. "Besides, Mark can't
help it if he forgot about the plans for his mother's birthday. And you
know anyway by Monday you and Mark will make up like you always do, so why
be miserable all weekend? Look . . . why don't you come to the dance with
Pete and me." Kathy disappeared into the bathroom and began filling the tub
with steaming water that fogged the small room with a thick mist. "You
should try this new French bath oil, Lisa, it smells sensational," her
voice penetrated through the steam curtain and continued on. "What do you
say about the dance?" "Thanks Kathy, but I don't feel right going there
without Mark. I haven't dated anyone else for months." "Maybe that's your
big problem," she called out from the bathroom. Then added with a tone of
practicality, "The way I look at it, you two aren't even engaged yet . . .
which is all right because you're both too young anyway. The point is that
there's no obligation on your side to hang around here all night while
everyone's at the dance. So quit arguing, you're coming with us." "Do you
think Peter would mind taking me along?" Lisa asked with a sudden change of
heart. "Don't be silly," she called out over the splashing noise of the
shower, "and once we get there, you'll see how much fun you've been missing
while you were out of circulation." "Ok, I'll go," Lisa responded, "but I
don't want to get around any of those wild friends of Peter's. You know
what I mean Kathy . . . I like Peter, but I've heard so many stories around
school about the wild drinking parties at his fraternity." "That's
ridiculous!" Kathy defended, coming out of the bathroom with a huge
terry-cloth towel draped around her youthful body. "Besides, the wild ones
always tame down at a formal party. And don't forget, you'll be with Pete
and me, so quit making up excuses and start getting ready."

              *  *  *

   Lisa's formal clung to the perspiration on her body as she groped her
way through the crowded dance floor to the bathroom. It was past midnight
and the large ballroom was getting increasingly hot and stuffy. She
wondered dimly if her dizziness was caused from fatigue alone, for she had
seen Peter sneak in a bottle of Vodka, and was liberally dispersing it into
the drinks on their table. Although she had refused his offer, she might
have accidentally picked up the wrong glass while he and Kathy were on the
dance floor. The bathroom was packed with girls primping in front of the
mirror- lined walls, giggling and sharing confidences through their alcohol
stimulated excitement. One girl was hanging over the sink, her mouth slack,
with her lipstick smeared over the edges and on her chin. "Oh God, I think
I'm going to be sick again. God, my mother will kill me if I go home like
this," the toilet bowl. Lisa could feel the nausea running through her body
and to her throat as the other girl heaved in the stall next to her. She
was sorry now that she had come to the dance and she missed Mark more than
ever. I've got to get out of here, she thought as she made her way out of
the room and back to the table. Things are really getting out of hand this
year. Even with her mild disgust of the other girls, she couldn't help but
smile at what Miss Hendrick's reaction would be if she knew what was going
on now. As Girl's Dean, she helped arrange all of the social functions
connected with Fairmount College, and prided herself on the close
discipline she held over her girls. She was suddenly jarred from her
thoughts as a hot hand came into contact with her elbow. "Hey, it's my turn
now Lisa," Carl Shankey, one of Peter's friends slurred, as he sidled up to
her for the fourth time in the last hour. "You've been turning me down all
night, and I'm beginning to think that you don't like me at all." Carl had
a crooked grin on his face, and had obviously been drinking heavily. His
tie was dangling to one side from the unsnapped neck of his formal shirt
and his breath was rancid with alcohol and tobacco. His brown close set
eyes boldly scanned her body as he talked to her. Lisa cringed inwardly at
the thought of him holding her while they danced. "I have to go home now,
Carl. Some other time," she replied with a tone of forced gaiety. She then
tried to pass him, but he blocked her way and nudged her against the wall.
"Go home with who," he sneered. "Who are you going home with Lisa?" He let
his head roll back with a drunken chuckle, then brought it back up with a
jerk that brought his thick lips so close to hers that they slightly grazed
her delicate skin as he spoke. "With Mark? Well now, you can't do that can
you? He's gone home to see his mommy." Lisa stiffened her body, sickened by
his presence and tried to move around him. "Carl, you're drunk, leave me
alone." "I'll leave you alone if you can tell me what that mama's boy can
show you that I can't. Come on, we're going to dance then we'll talk about
whose taking you home." Lisa felt her body go limp as he pulled her to the
dance floor. Carl was mean when he was sober and cruelly aggressive when he
was drunk. He was also unpredictable when he was angry and she was afraid
of him, even in this crowd. As he pushed his way through the dancers to the
middle of the floor, Lisa looked around for Peter or Kathy for help. Carl
stopped suddenly and locked his arm tightly around her waist pressing her
body against his. Other bodies around them pushed up against them forcing
them together as the band began to play. The music was slow and heady, and
Carl, in his drunken stupor began to undulate his body against hers to the
rhythm of the song. His face was pressed to the side of her ear and his hot
heaving breath sent cold chills tingling from her neck to her spine. She
felt breathless and woozy and tried to back away from him, but his pressure
against her body remained secure and unyielding. "Carl, I can't breath, let
me go." "Mmmmmmmm, listen to that soft sexy music, Lisa. Doesn't it do
anything for you?" Carl continued his animal like gyrating against her,
ignoring her pleas. His right arm began to slide slowly up from her small
waist, reaching under her upraised arm to caress her round, firm breast.
Lisa stiffened her body, not knowing what to do. If she moved to push him
away, the struggle would attract the attention of the other dancers. She
lowered her arm and pressed it tightly to her side, blocking his creeping
fingers, and pinning them to the side of her body as they continued to
dance. Still not discouraged, Carl removed his other hand from her waist
and cupped it around the mounds of her buttocks, clasping and unclasping at
them through the filmy gown while he continued to grind his body against
hers to the tempo of the music. Lisa gasped in surprise. With utter
repugnance, she could feel the hardness of his growing penis burning hotly
on her thigh, even through the folds of her dress. She gave a strong lurch
and broke his hold on her, leaving him standing in the middle of the dance
floor with a dazed look on his face. Her eyes searched frantically around
the room for Peter and Kathy. To her relief, she could see them heading for
the table and hurried over to meet them before Carl could catch up with
her. Kathy waved as she and Peter made their way over to her. Lisa was
leaning over to get her purse and coat when Carl came up behind her and
grabbed her wrist, spinning her around to face him. "You little tease," he
hissed through his teeth. "I can buy you, your old man, and that mama's boy
of yours with my week's allowance," he spat at her as he released her wrist
and flung it back at her. Lisa couldn't reply, but stared back at him as
though mesmerized by his hateful stare. His eyes were ablaze and his face
contorted with rage. Lisa could feel the shock waves of panic vibrating
through her. His anger frightened her, and even in this crowded room, she
was not sure he would not try to revenge himself on her for her rather
unceremonious rebuff of his drunken advances. "Hey, Carl old buddy," Peter
chimed in, unaware of the conversation that preceded his entrance, "are you
having a good time?" He laughed and slapped Carl on the back in a gesture
of camaraderie. "Ah go to hell," Carl snarled as he pushed away from him
and stumbled out into the crowd. "What's with him?" Peter asked, then
dismissing the subject, turned to Lisa "how about the neat dance," he
asked, bowing down and waving his arm out in a clown-like manner. Lisa said
nothing, still numbed by Carl's tantrum. "Hey, Lisa," he persisted, "didn't
you hear me, I just ask you for a dance." "Yes, you two go ahead, I'm
beat," Kathy said as she dropped down into the nearest chair. "Huh? I'm
sorry, what did you say?" Lisa asked as she turned back to Peter and Kathy.
She felt bloodless as she watched Carl disappear back into the crowd and
his vicious words were still ringing in her ears. They had shocked her
beyond feeling. How could he say such horrible things? Oh Mark, I'm sorry I
came here, why can't you be with me now, she thought, as the closeness of
the room and noise sent her head reeling. "Kathy, I just have to get out of
here, would you and Peter mind taking me back to the dorm now?" "Ah,
Christ, Lisa, I don't want to drive all the way back there now," Peter
argued, "besides we were going to drop by an after party just down the
street. We promised the group we would, so let's stop by for a while and
then go back. Ok?" Since Lisa had no other way of getting home that night,
she reluctantly agreed to go with them. The cool night breeze rustled
through the golden strands of Lisa's long flowing hair as she made her way
alone down the dark pathway to Peter's car, which was parked at the far
side of the road. Tears of frustration streamed down her cheeks as she
half-stumbled, half-ran through the darkness trying to control the fury
building up inside of her. The "after party" had turned out to be even
wilder than the dance, and when she tried to find Peter and Kathy, someone
had slyly remarked about them disappearing to one of the back bedrooms.
Now, she had no choice but to wait for them out in Peter's car and try to
get some sleep. Inside the car, she regained control of her feelings. The
peaceful calm of the night compared to the frantic crowd of sweating bodies
back at the house helped to soothe her shaking body. Making a pillow out of
her coat, she decided to rest in the back seat. Lying there, she could hear
the scattered trills from the night birds in the nearby grove. Not too far
away, the piercing mating growl of a tom cat could be heard. These sounds
soon blended into one as her nerve-racked body found a troubled but deep
sleep. Later, Lisa suddenly awoke with a start. The car was rolling and had
come to a quick stop at the bottom of the hill in a thick grove of trees. A
dark figure leaned over the steering wheel in the front seat, guiding the
car to a halt under a huge low-hanging pepper tree. It was Carl Shankey! Oh
God! she thought. What's he doing, and how did he get the keys to Peter's
car? "Carl," she gasped, "what are you doing? How did you get the keys?"
"No keys, baby," he slurred, "just smarts. A simple matter of slipping the
brake and coasting down to this cozy little grove. Isn't that a kick?" As
he spoke, a low cruel laugh could be heard building up in his voice. There
was no doubt now in Lisa's mind of his sinister intentions to revenge
himself for her actions back at the dance. Fighting back the panic, she
lunged for the door and pushed down on the handle, but Carl, anticipating
such a move, reached out and in one swift movement grabbed a handful of her
long hair, snapping her neck back and forcing her back down on the seat. He
swung his legs over the front seat and slid down beside her, sitting near
her head with his hand entwined around the clump of hair at the base of her
neck. He tightened his grip on it and pulled back sharply, bringing her
terror-stricken gaze in line with his. His head was close to hers, the
smell of Scotch overpowering her dazed mind. She struggled and tried to
loosen his grip, but without success. "That was so uncool, Lisa," he
whispered. "A very uncool move. You know you're going to get fucked don't
you, so you might as well relax and enjoy it. That's what they say isn't
it?" Lisa stared back at him, unblinking, her body frozen to the seat.
Hysteria swept over her as the grim realization that she was totally at his
mercy penetrated her tortured thoughts. "Well, isn't it," he hissed pulling
down harder on her hair, "isn't it?" "Y-Yes, it is . . . it is," Lisa
choked, out, tears clouding her vision. "Carl . . . please . . . please let
me go." "Let you go, why Lisa baby, you may not believe me now, but I'm
doing you a big favor. Yes, a big favor. Just wait, you'll see." Lisa began
to struggle violently, contorting her body and kicking back trying to free
herself from his hold. Carl lifted his arm and struck down viciously at her
face with his open hand, slapping it from side to side till she felt
stunned and ready to black out. He lifted himself off the seat and sat
sideways on the flat of her stomach, his weight smashing her body cruelly
down into the seat. Hysterical sobs of pain and fear began bubbling
uncontrollably from her tortured lips. "Go ahead, make all the noise you
want," he snickered, "nobody's going to hear you way down here. Jees, are
you stupid anyway. All the girls are begging for it back at the house, and
here you are wasting all your strength fighting me." As he talked, he
removed his dinner jacket, and flung it over the front seat. He began
fumbling with the buttons on his shirt until it was half way unbuttoned,
then impatiently jerked back on the rest of the material, ripping it open.
Lisa could feel a hot burning from his crotch and a hardness spreading heat
over her belly and down to the rising mound between her legs. She jerked
helplessly against him as he removed his shirt and pinioned her arms in
back of her head. "I'm getting real tired of trying to humor you baby," he
rasped in her ear, as he wound the material of his torn shirt around her
wrists. "My prick is so hard right now it just might shoot all over you, if
you don't quit squirming." He reached behind her, unrolled the side window,
and lifting his weight from her body, jerked up her bound wrists, placed
them on the edge of the window and rolled it back up, trapping her arms
behind her. "Aghhhhhhhhhhh!" Lisa's piercing shriek cut through the dark
night, as a hot flash of pain rippled down her arms, sending quivering
muscle spasms through her back and legs. Carl leaned back and sat on the
side of the seat, panting from the exertion of the struggle "Christ, you
make a lot of noise," he muttered pulling a handkerchief from his back
pocket. "You almost scared me soft that time Lisa, and right now that's the
last thing I want to happen. Open your mouth," he commanded and he pushed
the cloth hard against her tightly clenched lips. "I said open it, damnit."
He clamped his forefinger and thumb cruelly down on her nostrils and she
held her breath for as long as she could, moaning in protest at this harsh
attack on her lips. Until finally she could stand it no longer, and opened
her mouth to suck hungrily at the air to relieve her almost bursting lungs.
Carl was ready, and he jammed the cloth into her gasping mouth, prodding it
deep inside, gagging her. Lisa's body writhed beneath his uncontrollably as
she choked and heaved, nauseated at the thought of what was occurring to
her helplessly bound body. "You asked for it, baby. You ask for it. I told
you I was tired of fighting. Yeh, begging and pleading and fighting. But no
more, do you hear me clear, no more." Carl leaned back again and wiped the
sweat from his forehead with his forearm. Lisa's moans were now a muffled
echo and she let her body go limp, exhausted from the violent struggle. Her
thin, delicate wrists ached and throbbed in the window above her, and when
she tried to move her body in protest, the pain intensified a
thousand-fold. Carl placed his hand on the cleavage between her firm
pointed breasts, and stroked at the two fleshy mounds, gradually massaging
them into hardness. And then, with a sudden jerk of his wrists, he pulled
her strapless gown down to her waist and unsnapped her bra. Her breasts
burst free from their imprisonment, and rose pulsating and white in the
moonlight. Her tiny bud-like nipples peaked hard involuntarily from this
sudden exposure to the cool night air. "Ohhhh," he marveled, sucking in his
breath, "you are a woman, yes you are, yes you are." He muttered as he
dropped his head and ran his thick, moist lips hungrily over her breasts,
his saliva drooling hotly down his chin and onto her trembling flesh. He
began to suck like a piglet on her right nipple, bringing it to a hard,
quivering point. Then he worked on her left nipple, until it too was stiff
and rigid from the unsolicited stimulation of his obscenely sucking mouth.
And, in spite of her revulsion, strange sensations rippled through Lisa's
body, penetrating the tortured haze that clouded her mind. An expanding
heat-filled wave licked at her body as his wild, voracious sucking
continued for a seeming eternity. Oh God, what's happening to me, . . . oh,
Mark, someone, help me, . . . help me now, her thoughts raced incoherently
through her mind. A stifled sob racked her body and burst forth through the
saliva-soaked gag in her mouth. "What's wrong baby," Carl murmured as he
looked up at her with a dazed look on his face. He seemed completely
unaware of what he was doing. Nothing mattered to his drunken mind except
to satiate his burning desire to use and humiliate the defenseless body of
the girl who had spurned him earlier. But now, he paused momentarily and
gazed down into her gray wide-set eyes, dilated by fear into two great
terror stricken pools. A softness came into his voice. "Oh, baby . . . I
don't want to hurt you, you know that, don't you? Here, let me help you,"
he mumbled as he reached behind him at her balled- up coat and placed it
behind her head. He leaned back and inserted his trembling hands under her
chiffon gown following the fullness of her thighs up to the tight elastic
of her panties. Then, running his fingers between the taut band and the
soft, white flesh of her waist, he began to knead at her belly until the
tautness released into a soft yielding mass of helplessness. "Ohhh . . .
that's it, nice and mellow and easy, Lisa," he slurred as he bunched her
gown up to her waist and leaned low over her throbbing cunt. He slipped her
panties down to her ankles and stroked greedily at the moist, open lips of
flesh between her thighs Lisa groaned in humiliation at the sudden more
intimate touch and suddenly recovering her composure, she without warning,
jackknifed her legs and kicked up at his lust filled face. Her toes caught
him under the chin and flipped his head hard against the window behind him.
He grunted in surprise and forced himself back over her wildly thrashing
body. In blind anger at her resistance, he drove his closed fist down on
her unprotected belly, sending the wind from her lungs, the impact
vibrating through her entire body, and cracking her shoulders hard against
the metal on the door frame. "Ugggghhhhh," he groaned. "You bitch! Do you
want your ankles rolled up in the other window," he gasped as he grabbed at
her throat. Lisa shook her head violently, barely standing the pain that
shot down her arms. He released his hands from her throat and leaned back,
kneading at his crotch. "Now you've done it . . . I've gone soft." As he
spoke he reached over the front seat and pulled a pack of cigarettes from
his dinner jacket. He pulled out his lighter and started to light the
cigarette, now dangling from his slack mouth, then paused and ran the light
from the flame over the exposed view of her open vagina. He lowered the
flame close to the bunched up material around her waist. "You'd make a
beautiful torch, Lisa," he said in a lowered menacing tone as his sadistic
eyes gleamed down on her behind the flickering flame from the butane
lighter. Her eyes widened with renewed fear, forgetting the pain that left
her breathless from his savage blow. She cringed up to the side of the
window that held her arms prisoner, shaking her head from side to side.
"No, no . . . she says," he chanted, "no she wouldn't like that at all." He
lowered the flame and touched it to a stray pubic hair between her thighs,
and watched it shrivel and disintegrate into a sparse smoldering ash. "See,
you're just a fragile little nothing," he sneered, "you could go up just
like that," he added as he snapped his fingers in the air. He put the
lighter to the tip of his cigarette and inhaled deeply letting the smoke
curl through his clenched teeth. In the moonlight, his eyes scanned the
crests of her breasts heaving and contracting, and her thighs molded
roundly against the leather of the car seat. His patience ended. He
couldn't stand looking at her helpless waiting body like that and he
reached back impatiently and stubbed out his cigarette in the ashtray on
the side of the seat. His breath became heavier as he surveyed the helpless
virginal feast spread on the seat in front of him. A small gasp of further
impatience escaped his lips and he removed his pants and let them fall to
the floor of the car. Grabbing savagely at her limp legs, he pulled them
wide apart and without waiting knelt between them. Lisa moaned in helpless
fright as she saw his throbbing cock standing hard and erect from his
paunchy body. She had never seen anything so horrible or frightening in her
life. In the moonlight, she could see the pulsating veins surging towards
the large head that was tipped with the moistness of his escaping seminal
fluid and she prayed for unconsciousness to free her from this lewd and
hideous sight. Carl laughed out loud as he saw the growling fear in her
eyes. He was going to fuck this snobby bitch shitless and there was nothing
she could do to stop him. He leaned forward, his mouth hanging loosely
open, his eyes devouring the sight of her swollen breasts and swooping down
to the full roundness of her thighs and smooth, white belly now rising and
falling with rapidity as the helpless girl fought to breathe through her
panic. He circled his arms around her narrow trembling waist and crushed
his body tightly against hers. "Nooo, nooooooo," she groaned through the
gag in her mouth as she felt his hands probing around the opening of her
vagina. She tried to press her thighs together in defense but it was
hopeless. He had her body pinioned so hard against the seat that her
desperate struggles were useless. Her mind fought against the reality of
the vile tormentor now working over her and the hot sharp pain that his
hard thick fingers brought to the lips of her quivering vagina. She cringed
and bucked her hips upward to escape his searching hands, but Carl
vengefully thrust his middle finger down past the lips of her cunt and
pushed it harshly deeper and deeper into her virginal passage that clamped
tightly around it in a hopeless act of defense. "Aghhhhhhhh!" The smothered
scream of pain expanded from her lungs and pushed out through her tightly
clenched teeth. He laughed and pushed deeper until the palm of his hand
pressed down flat against the open lips of her cunt, and ground his finger
round and round until Lisa's body was almost screaming from pain. She felt
no resistance, but only the surging torment that rocked from her pelvis up
to her tightly bound wrists and out through the clenched fingers of her
soft, delicate hands. She was a tightly strung puppet, a slave to the
maneuvering body over her brutally fingering through her shattered maiden
head to the deepest depths of her womb. The helplessness of this beautiful
doll-like body beneath him engulfed Carl's body in lustful flames of
uncontrolled passion. A passion that stimulated him beyond belief and at
the same time held him in paralyzed ecstasy, fleetingly held him back from
satiating his tormenting drive. He could think of nothing but plunging his
burning cock deep into her liquid depths and drowning the hot desire
burning inside him. A moist sucking noise resounded through the car as he
pulled his thick finger from her cunt. He reached down to his erected penis
and sliding forward between her widespread legs, pushed the swollen,
throbbing head up against the lips of her vagina. Leaning over with the
flat of his hand on her belly, he pushed his pelvis downward aiming at the
slight opening hiding beneath the hair-lined lips of her cunt. Lisa felt a
surge of pain in her arms as he pulled her body closer on him only to be
rocked again a moment later by a searing, driving pain deep between her
long thrashing legs. It was pushing and driving at her cuntal opening like
a battering ram, brutally tearing at the quivering lips and then on past
them into the helplessly contracting walls of her widely stretched vaginal
passage. Lisa groaned piteously, pushed her hips against the brutal
intruder burning inside her but the evasive movement only incited her
lust-maddened rapist to new heights, and he gave a powerful in-thrust with
his pelvis, sinking his cock deep inside her heaving belly. The brutal
impalement between her legs left her windless as her silent scream gasped
through the gag in her mouth. Carl now crouched over her with his swollen
spear nesting motionless far up inside her cunt. His face was buried in the
clefts of her delicately rounded upraised breasts. He began to rapidly move
his mouth from one mound to the other, licking and sucking at her flesh in
a maniacal frenzy that sent lightening shafts of sensation coursing wildly
through her heaving chest. Lisa bucked and writhed her body against her
cruel tormentor in trembling protest of the brutal rape. Her movements
drove him on. "That's it baby, that's it . . . move me . . . aghhhhh . . .
move me more . . ." he gurgled through the hot thick saliva drooling down
the corners of his lips on over the mounds of her breasts and swirling in
rivulets, down to the reservoir of her soft white belly. Gasping and
panting with delight Carl began to rock rhythmically and gently in and out
of the soft confines of her wet, open vagina. His fingers gripped her soft
rounded thighs with sadistic strength, hurting her, squeezing groans of
intense pain from her tortured throat as she struggled helplessly beneath
him. He could feel the fleshy resistance deep inside her cuntal passage
spread before the sensitive, engorged head of his prick. Suddenly Carl had
a feeling of absolute power over the doll-like figure twisting in total
subjection below him. He gritted his teeth and began fucking her m and out
with long, hard lunges that seemed to ignite his passion to the tips of his
toes. Aaaagggh! Lisa strangled through clenched teeth. Her vaginal passage
was on fire. The great penis pounding into her felt like a giant skewer
drilling deep into her belly. She began to struggle in a vain attempt to
escape the cruel impalement, swinging her buttocks violently, but it was no
use. Carl skewered into her up to the hilt, jamming his rock hard cock into
her with abandoned delight. He reached frantically around under her
squirming buttocks with both hands and began to ram his balls into the slit
of her behind bouncing jerkily in spastic motions like a bronco buster on a
wild stallion. The creaking car seat gave beneath her to the lunging cock
thrusting deep inside her hot liquid passage and mixed with her tormentor's
passionate groans that were now reaching a crescendo in her pounding brain.
She thought he was going to split her wide apart as the battering penis
plunged into her harder and harder until it felt like it was burrowing all
the way up to her throat. Her half-conscious mind fought violently against
the torment of the hot probe, fighting against the lewd thought of it
raping her throbbing womb. Thoughts of pain, humiliation, and Mark, the boy
she was going to marry, swirled through her. "Nooo, noooooo, please," she
moaned pleadingly beneath his bucking form. She could see Carl's face in
the moonlight, his mouth agape with masochistic pleasure. "Uuuuuuughh!" she
grunted as he continued buffeting her mercilessly down against the creaking
car seat. He drove his cock deep inside her as her legs waved out
helplessly in the air on either side of his plunging body. "Agggggghhhh . .
. ahhhh . . . ahhhhh," he moaned as he ceaselessly rammed his thick cock
deep into her white, screaming belly with long cruel jabs. He could feel
the hot jet stream begin in his inflated balls and race headlong down the
length of his throbbing cock. He was ready to explode! He gave one last low
gasp as with a jerk he spewed wildly out the glands into the depths of her
womb, filling her completely and overflowing his juices out the hair
covered lips of her quivering cunt. The huge instrument jerked and twitched
to its completion, white hot spurts of semen foaming out the fleshy lips
around the base of his cock, drenching the soft matted pubic hair it was
buried in. His huge body collapsed on her trembling form in total
exhaustion, and he lay heaving and panting, burying his head in the tresses
of her long golden hair. When he recovered his breath he leaned back and
took a long lewd look at her cringing broken body. He could see the wet
matted hair of her well fucked opening glistening wetly in the faint light.
It ran down the inner thighs of her legs and dripped in tiny rivulets down
on the rough woven material of the car seat. But even so, he wasn't
satisfied with just her forced surrender, it was too quick. He had to have
more of her, had to hear her plead and scream again and again before he
could be sure the snobby little bitch had learned her lesson well. Carl
grinned obscenely to himself as lewd thoughts ran through his sex-crazed
mind of the fate of the sobbing beauty that was his complete prisoner to do
with as he wished. He began to run his fingers hungrily over the softness
of her flesh. Her beauty was truly astounding. The sight of her like this,
mixed with the pungent smell of her cuntal fluid, drove his cock to a new
and greater hardness. He moved his head down to the narrow pink slit
between her thighs and began licking and sucking greedily at her cunt.
Stiffening his tongue, he drove the full length of it in her and then back
up over the fluted, pink edges of her vaginal lips and over the tiny
sensation-bud atop her pubic mound. Lisa cringed and visibly shuddered from
the strange stimulation that was being forced upon her ravaged private
parts. The sensation grew in intensity till a strange bulking in her loins
softly permeated her entire body. A low almost submissive moan gurgled from
deep in her throat. Carl sensed her body's response to his manipulations
and drew his head up as he slid up over her body, and planted has thick
lips tight down over her mouth. His tongue snaked deep into her throat as
with his other hand the gag was jerked from her lips. She groaned again in
relief and her mouth inadvertently began a slow, mewling sucking against
his lips. But it was only momentary as again the brutal realization of what
was happening to her flickered through her half-conscious mind. When she
had caught her breath, she could hear the echo of her voice begging him
again for the mercy she knew would not come. "Oh, oh, please, please, stop,
please stop! I-I can't-stand it-can't stand it!" Ignoring her pleas, Carl
slid his body up over her rapidly rising and falling belly so that he was
straddling her chest. In the dim light Lisa could see the erect phallus and
the huge testicles that hung down obscenely over her breasts and shuddered
in revulsion. His thick, rampant cock stood straight out from his belly,
with the swollen scarlet head but a few inches from her gasping mouth.
"Kiss it," he said, in a cold, quiet voice that sounded totally devoid of
emotion. "Oh, no," she whimpered, her stomach churning violently from the
thought of this ultimate indignity he was trying to heap on her battered
body. "Please . . . please don't make me do it." His reaction to her pleas
was instantaneous. He reached behind him and with a cruel thrust up between
her own legs, rammed his finger deep into her vaginal passage and held her
firm, digging cruelly at her insides with the thin rough probe. "Aghhhhhhhh
. . . hhh . . . aaaahhhhh," Lisa panted and moaned simultaneously as the
searing pain shot through the wet sensitive walls of her cringing pussy.
She tried to squirm away from the racking torture but the pain only
intensified. Carl slid slowly up her slippery, sweat-soaked body until he
completely straddled her breasts. With a quick flick, he brutally grabbed
her by the hair and pulled her head forward to meet the harsh in-thrust of
his thick penis. Without mercy, he rammed the thick turgid head of his cock
deep into her gaping mouth until it slapped hard against the back of her
throat Lisa could feel the monster growing inside her mouth as he battered
away at her unrelentingly, his heavy balls slapping harshly against her
upraised chin. "Oh, God!" she sobbed inwardly, "someone help me! Someone
please help me!" But the giant head of his cock eras an overpowering rod
pummeling into her soft "O" shaped lips mercilessly. His finger tore
inhumanely between her wide-spread thighs at her wet, throbbing cunt
opening, and the two giant probes raped her unmercifully as he buffeted
himself harshly up and down on her crumpled body. Carl's breath was now
coming in short puffing gasps now, with his eyes locked down on her open
mouth, hypnotically watching his huge cock flailing in and out of it. He
had lost control of himself as he felt the sperm building up in his balls
ready to explode. He delighted in seeing his great plunging cock fucking
her soft, ovaled mouth at will this way but he could hold back no longer.
Suddenly he threw his head back in a spastic motion and began uttering
strange crazy sounds through his clenched teeth. "Ohhhh, baby, oohh . . .
ahhh, I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" Great tidal waves of hot white liquid
flooded into her gasping mouth and flowed dowel the corners of her lips.
Lisa thought she was drowning in a great rip tide as she gulped at the
sticky fluid that flooded through her teeth and tongue and down the cavern
of her gasping throat. Her tormentor gave one last low gasp as with a jerk
he emptied the last of the sperm into her gurgling mouth, then collapsed
across her body winded and exhausted. When he had caught his breath, he sat
up on the side of the seat and reached behind him on the floor, producing a
pint of Scotch. He fumbled with the plastic cap and opened it, placing the
bottle to his lips and taking several huge gulps of the hot warming liquid.
He shuddered involuntarily as the liquid seared down his parched throat and
warmed the bottom of his belly. He could hear the girl's muffled sobs in
the background and slowly the enormity of his vile act reached his hazy
mind. Christ, now I've done it, he thought with a twinge of panic. He knew
even his Dad couldn't buy him out of this if Lisa started spilling her guts
to the law. He had to think of a way out of this now before he let her go
or it would be all over for him and he knew it. But what about her? That
was it. She would naturally be so worried about her virginal reputation and
Mark's reaction to the rape that she might be talked into forgetting the
whole thing. After all how many girls would have the guts to face a court
trial or examination by the authorities to prove their case. It was common
knowledge that hundreds of rape cases go unreported every year because of
social pressures put upon the victims. As he built his case in his mind his
arrogant confidence came back and the panic left him. Reaching over and
releasing her bound wrists from the window, he glared down on her sobbing
body with impatience. "Shut up that damn crying and I'll untie your hands,"
he said as he unwrapped his shirt from around her bruised wrists. Lisa
tried to control her hysteria as she covered her hot puffy eyes with the
palms of her hands. They felt as though they were going to burst out of
their sockets as they throbbed painfully beneath her lids. She put the back
of her hand against her mouth, unconsciously trying to wipe away the lewd
cum of the vile creature that had filled it. As if reading her thoughts,
Carl leaned over and offered her the opened bottle. "Here, try some of this
juice," he said coldly, now in complete control of himself, "it'll help."
In a trance-like movement, Lisa took the bottle from his hand and pressed
it to her trembling lips taking a huge gulp of the fiery liquid. She
swirled it through her mouth trying to cleanse it of the strong pungent
taste that remained after the attack, and then let it roll slowly down her
throat. She sat there motionless for a few minutes, letting the liquid warm
her insides and then took another gulp. Odd, she thought, having never
drank anything stronger than eggnog, this strong alcohol should be making
her drunk. But it wasn't. Instead it seemed to be settling her hysteria and
bringing her senses back to a shocked numbness. She sat there clutching at
the bottle as if her life depended on it, staring straight ahead of her
saying nothing, feeling nothing. "Give that bottle back to me and get
dressed," Carl commanded impatiently as he took the bottle from her grip,
"I'm taking you back to the dorm. We'll let that dumb bastard Pete try to
figure out what happened to his car after he gets through screwing hell out
of your roommate." Picturing the bewildered look on Pete's face when he
stumbled from the house to find his car sent Carl into spasms of laughter
as he took a dime from his pocket to hot wire the ignition. What the hell,
he reasoned, Pete and Kathy would get a lift home with someone from the
party, and he could make it out as a big joke the next day. He didn't like
Pete anyway and he was getting sick of all this fraternity crap and their
holy Greek oaths. They could all go to hell. The only good he got from it
was the cheat sheets for the exams and of course the handy file of names,
identifying the easy lays from Fairmount. On the way back Carl tormented
her ceaselessly about what would happen to her if his attack on her were
known. She'd be the talk of Fairmount, a freak. And Mark wouldn't even want
to be seen with her anymore. People would stare at her and stories on the
version of her rape would run rampant through the fraternity and sorority
houses until she'd be forced to drop out of school and leave Mark. She
would be the target of all the malicious gossip, not Carl. She was a woman
being placed in defense of her honor, and she knew she would have none left
when it was all over. Carl was right. As far as society was concerned she
would be punished just as severely as him even though it was she who had
been the helpless victim. Carl pulled up to the dorm and leaned close to
her ear, letting the motor idle as he popped the gear into neutral. "There
could be a next time baby," he whispered lustfully, his voice barely
audible over the hum of the engine. Lisa stiffened in anger, no longer
afraid of the monster sitting next to her in the car. "If you ever so much
as look at me again, I'll kill you!" she hissed back at him. "Do you
understand me?" her voice trembled with uncontrollable hatred. "I won't
care what happens to me." "Ah hell, get out of here you dumb broad," Carl
said as he lifted his leg over her lap and kicked the door open with has
foot. "You bore me." Lisa ran from the car and up to her room, barely
making it up the stairs, her tortured loins throbbing with each painful
step. Later as she buried her head into her pillow to muffle the sobs
racking her body she wondered if she would ever be able to erase the memory
of the horrible nightmare that had befallen her tonight. She knew one
thing, she could never in all her life tell Mark about what had happened.
It would destroy him completely to know that someone of Carl's character
had subjected her to these insuperable indignities. Much later, from
exhaustion alone she fell into a deep but troubled sleep.



              Chapter 2

   The huge iron bell atop the tower in the campus quad gonged ten o'clock
as throngs of students criss-crossed the square on their way to class.
Overhead, the Monday morning sky filled the day with a deep blueness,
peculiar to the late fall season; the air was fresh here outside with a new
crispness about it that made everything around seem new and exciting. But
inside Miss Hendrick's office the atmosphere was like that of an old
neglected library, musty and dry. Thea Carter felt nervous and tense. She
adjusted herself in the chair, making a determined effort to relax the area
between her shoulder blades as she talked to Miss Hendricks about the
accident. "It all happened so suddenly that the funeral arrangements have
already been set for Lisa's parents. The most difficult thing I face right
now is breaking the news to her, and as her Aunt, I'm here to see that she
is spared as much shock as possible. In the mean time, I've made plans to
take her back home until she is ready to return to school again." Thea
paused and brought her right hand to her eyes in a gesture of despair. "I
can still see the horrible mutilated bodies at the morgue when they called
me in for the identification . . . . They said their car lost control on a
curve, hitting the stone pillar of the bridge." She brought her eyes back
to face Miss Hendricks, "They were both killed instantly." "Try not to
dwell on the past," Miss Hendricks gently interrupted, "let me go get Lisa.
You can talk to her in privacy here in my office while I make arrangements
to temporarily check her out of her classes." She started to make her way
for the door then hesitated and placed an understanding hand on Thea's
shoulder in sympathetic condolence. "Is there anything I can get for you
before I go get Lisa? You look exhausted." "No, I'm fine, . . . really. I
guess I'm still not over the shock of the news yet," she responded as the
older woman left the room. Thea stood up and stretched her legs as the door
closed behind her. Smiling a little, she moved to one of the tall narrow
windows that framed the background behind Miss Hendricks' desk. At
thirty-nine, Thea Carter was still a beautiful woman, as she had been a
lovely girl. One large flaw, however, was the hard determined line of her
mouth, unfeminine and bold. But Thea prided herself on being hard headed
and it would be a necessity now if she were to carry out her plan
successfully. She had never married, though she had loved once. She could
remember years back to the time when Lisa's father used to constantly
badger her about finding a husband and settling down, but Thea had other
plans. She spent most of her time caring for her invalid father, planning
on the day when she would inherit the family estate. She had never been
highly sexed to begin with. Men were not a necessity to her, at best they
were unreliable, at worst devouring parasites sucking your emotions dry.
The one affair she had been involved in had ended when her lover left her
with a casual indifference. After that she avoided emotional situations of
any kind, remembering the devastating breakdown she had suffered when he
was gone. Gradually, slowly and steadily she lost her capacity for love or
compassion. Although she had a few scattered sexual experiences, she had
never had an orgasm, and if at times she felt a vague restlessness within
her womb, she told herself sharply that it was not hunger for sex, but
probably a nervous condition brought on by the deep sense of insecurity she
had felt since her father's death. On that bleak day when the will was read
certifying that all the estate was to go to her brother with some money
held in trust for her, she had completely lost control of herself. She
could remember, even now, stumbling from the room in shocked disbelief
thinking of all those years she had cared for her father. A man that was
selfish and senile before death. A man she had grown to hate and despise.
Perhaps he sensed her feelings through his withering mind for he stated in
his will that her brother, who had done nothing for him, would control the
estate . . . doling her out a meager allowance to live on until death.
"That ingrate! I hope that bastard knows he's rotting in the grave," she
shrilled at her brother when he followed her from the lawyer's office into
the hallway. Then she had burst into hysterical sobbing as she started to
run to her car in the driveway. He ran after her and caught up with her at
the front door, grabbing her by the shoulders and shaking her back and
forth with his fingers digging deeply in her arms. "Control yourself, for
God's sake, Thea. Those people back there heard everything you said." "For
God's sake, Hell," she sputtered back at him, "for your sake. Isn't that
what you mean. For your sake . . . you're always so worried about the
family image." His face grew white with rage and his steel gray eyes
smoldered threateningly down at her. She thought for a moment he was going
to strike her. "You've embarrassed me and my wife beyond belief with your
unbelievable raving." Thea thrust her face defiantly back at him. "Fuck
your family and fuck you. I'm not living my life waiting for meager
handouts from you. You know as sure as that monster is in his grave that
half of the money belongs to me." "What I know," he said in a slow
determined voice, "is that I find your vulgarity disgusting, and right now
I'm getting sick of the sight of you." He released his hold on her and took
a step back. "I'll make arrangements for the trust fund. It can be mailed
to you wherever you choose to live . . . and that's not here, I trust. He
paused, letting the meaning of his words sink in, then with a tone of
finality added, "Even though you're my last living relative, I'll not
tolerate your selfish temperament, Thea. Call my attorney in about two
weeks and give him your new address. By then the arrangements will have
been made concerning your income . . . Goodbye, Thea." Thea stared at his
back and he turned without waiting for her response and left to join the
others. That was the last time she had seen her brother alive. Before she
left the porch of the large mansion, she promised herself that she would
return someday and claim the rightful share to the estate. It hardly seemed
like ten years had passed since then, and now that the accident had wiped
out her two chief barriers, she had only one left, Lisa Carter, her spoiled
niece. But if her plan worked out as she hoped it would, the girl wouldn't
be an obstruction to her goal for long.



              Chapter 3

   The sharp crack of a door being slammed down the hallway woke Lisa up.
She rolled over and peered through the darkness at the luminous dial of the
clock by her bed. It was eleven o'clock. A feeling of dread permeated the
air and she knew something was wrong, dreadfully wrong, but her foggy mind
couldn't penetrate the reason behind her foreboding. As she thrashed her
legs beneath the downy quilt and sat up in her bed, her memory began to
return in flashing scenes of reality. She could remember a few days ago,
back at school. She and Kathy were standing together at the snack bar
waiting for their daily art class to begin, when Miss Hendricks came up to
her and asked her to come to her office. The first thought that crossed her
mind at the time was that Miss Hendricks had somehow found out about what
Carl had done to her last Saturday night. Oh God, what was going to happen
to her now. Miss Hendricks was the strict symbol of discipline at
Fairmount, and usually her presence meant trouble of some kind. Lisa could
remember following her down the corridors to her private office with
growing apprehension, while Miss Hendricks, who was characteristically cold
and aloof attempted to make chatty and airy conversation about Lisa's
scholastic achievements during the time she had attended Fairmount. Lisa
responded automatically to her questions but her mind puzzled over the
marked changed in her counselor's attitude. Maybe she didn't know after
all, she thought with growing relief as they approached her office. "Lisa,
I know you're curious as to why I asked you over to my office at this time
of day, but an unexpected visitor is here to see you, and under the
circumstances I knew you would want to see her as soon as possible." "What
visitor?" Lisa asked as Miss Hendricks opened the door. Before her question
could be answered, she spotted her Aunt Thea, of all people, standing by a
chair at the window. "Lisa . . . dear," she chortled as she rushed across
the room and clasped Lisa to her, "it's been so long." She held her back
and gazed at her for a while, ". . . And it's so good to see you again."
Lisa's amazement left her speechless. Aunt Thea . . . why she was almost a
total stranger to her. Lisa knew there had been an animosity between her
father and aunt over an inheritance for years. What wan she doing here now?
She turned to Miss Hendricks for an explanation but she had already left
the room, closing the door softly behind her. Lisa turned back to face her
aunt, a puzzled expression on her face. She knew she should respond to her
greeting, but she could not. The woman that stood before her was almost a
total stranger. A woman whose past was shrouded with mystery. It had been
ten years ago that she had stormed out of the family mansion, and her
father had refused to speak of her after their last bitter argument over
the will. The only reason Lisa could recognize her now was some old photos
that her mother still had around the house. Funny, Lisa thought, she hadn't
changed in physical appearance at all. It was like she had just walked back
into her life again after storming from the house that day now dim in her
memory. "I . . . I don't know what to say," Lisa said as she moved
instinctively back away from her aunt. There was something about the older
woman's presence that bothered her. Thea began to nervously wring her hands
and walked back over to the window, gazing out onto the rolling green hills
that surrounded the school. Her back was to Lisa now and she didn't turn or
alter her hypnotic gaze as she continued the conversation. "I know dear . .
. we haven't seen each other in years. Why don't you sit down here in the
chair. You know, we really have a lot to talk about later, you've grown
into a beautiful woman." Lisa obediently sat down in the straight-back
chair and listened while her aunt spoke with a strange sad tone in her
voice. "The years have passed so quickly, and with my foolish pride, I let
myself lose almost complete contact with your family. You know, I'm sure,
that your father and I had strong disagreements over the family inheritance
when your grandfather died . . . and I . . . well, I just never had the
courage to take the first steps to patch things up. You see when you're
alone in the world as I am," she continued with a melodramatic pitch to her
voice, "it's easy to become enmeshed in your own selfish thoughts and
forget the importance of family ties. I started to contact your father many
times, but each time I stopped, thinking it would be well enough to leave
things as they were. In the meantime, I had acquired a job as
superintendent at a rest home. A job that suited my training after caring
for your grandfather for all those years. I did, though, keep in touch with
the family attorney, George Colby. Of course, he said nothing to your
father about our personal correspondence, because I asked him not to,
however, over the years he has written me periodically about you and your
parents . . . She paused and turned around to face Lisa. "Two days ago, I
received a call from him . . . and . . . I don't know how to put this Lisa
. . . your mother and father are both dead, killed in an auto accident."
Her words hit Lisa like a giant, invisible fist that pounded at her chest,
sending her heart into spasmodic contractions. She stared at the woman
standing before her with disbelief in her wild, rounded eyes. Then she lost
complete control of herself as she met her Aunt's eyes to see the
confirmation of what she had said. "You're lying! You're lying!" she
shrilled as she leaped from the chair and lunged towards Thea. "You've
always hated my father and now you're trying to hurt me with vicious lies,"
Lisa cried out as she began to strike out at her Aunt's upraised arms. She
could hear her voice crying out like it was coming from another person as
her Aunt's strong hands grabbed her wrists in an attempt to subdue her
attack. Miss Hendricks rushed into the room upon hearing the screams and
jerked Visa away from her aunt. Spinning her around, she began to slap
Lisa's face with her open hand in an attempt to control her hysteria. Then
there was numbness and voices . . . Miss Hendricks consoling her, then
Kathy, and finally Mark. He had come to her room as she was packing her
belongings, and through her daze she remembered him giving her his
fraternity pin and telling her he would wait for her return and not to
worry. A few days ago his words would have meant everything to her, but
right now she felt nothing but a burning pain and emptiness. She couldn't
even break down and cry. At least not until the funeral was over. After
brief religious ceremonies, the cortege, consisting of a small group of
close family friends followed the plain black hearse into the cemetery to
the grassy knoll where two freshly dug graves had been prepared. During the
graveside services, Lisa had stood numbly between her Aunt and George
Colby, but as the caskets were being lowered into the twin graves, the
finality of the tragedy had finally reached her and she began to sob
hysterically. George Colby held her back as she struggled to reach the
coffins, now disappearing into the earth. Later they called in the family
doctor and the sedative had done its job. That painful memory of the
funeral jarred Lisa back to the presence of her darkened bedroom. Her head
was throbbing and the sedative had left her mouth parched and dry. She
decided to get up and make her way to the kitchen to get some ice water. As
she groped her way down the hallway, she could hear distant voices coming
from her parent's bedroom. It sounded like Thea and Mr. Colby . . . but
what would he be doing here at this time of night, she wondered approaching
the bedroom door. A shaft of light penetrated the darkness of the hallway
from the slight opening in the crack between the door hinge and the wall.
Through the slit, Lisa could clearly see her Aunt standing by the bed
talking to Mr. Colby. She seemed coldly aloof, although she was dressed in
a filmy black negligee. They both held drinks in their hands. Lisa gave a
nervous gulp, as she began to eavesdrop on their conversation. "Just what
are you talking about," Thea sneered. "As far as I'm concerned, there isn't
anything to discuss about the way it used to be . . . that was over with
years ago when you left me to marry that dowdy little bitch with all the
money." "You know I was trapped into that," he defended, reaching for her
naked arm, "I have no deep feelings for my wife. How do you think it feels
trying to make love to a cold unresponding statue?" "An unresponding
statue," Thea mocked as she jerked her arm back away from him, "that's the
biggest laugh I've had all day." She set down her drink and flayed down on
the large canopied bed, stretching her body seductively over the satin
bedspread. "Well, I've got some important news for you, George. You never
moved me one inch, not any of your fumbling attempts at making love to me
moved me. Not one inch." As she made her proclamation she threw her head
back in gleeful laughter, delighting in the man's discomfort and mounting
anger. "Bitterness is not becoming to you, Thea," he replied dryly, I see
you still have a tendency towards theatrics, though you could have hardly
lied to me when I was between your legs. You were always begging for it
like some back-alley slut." "Liar," she shrilled, jackknifing her legs
against the bed and flinging the ice cubes from her drained glass at him.
The quick thrust of her arm snapped the thin strap of her transparent gown
and the flimsy material fell, exposing a firm, well-rounded breast. Visibly
shaken at the sudden sight of her soft, fleshy mound, George took a quick
gulp from his glass and set it down on the nightstand beside her. Still
gazing at her breast in a mesmerized trance, he removed his jacket and
started to undress. Thea glared back at him, making no attempt to cover
herself. "What in the hell do you think you're doing?" "I'm going to prove
to you that you're wrong," he rasped in a hoarse whisper, letting his pants
fall to the floor. Lisa gasped as she watched George completely shed his
clothing. He was standing in front of her Aunt stark naked with his penis
at a partially erect angle, pointing down at the mocking woman sprawled
indifferently on the bed beneath him. Thea looked strikingly lovely in the
soft bedroom lights with her long, almost jet black hair cascading down,
framing her clear translucent skin in a dark velvety background. The tight
chignon that she usually wore in a harsh and severe style now hung loose in
long flowing strands, seeming to take years off her age. She looked like a
young girl again. Her features were clear-cut, almost aristocratic and her
small slightly uptilted nose defined her strong will and stubbornness, but
the intensity of her eyes now belied the cold manner she was trying to
project. Her large hazel-green eyes glistened with mounting excitement as
she watched the tormented man kneel on the bed ready to mount her. Without
warning Thea reached forward and grabbed George by the back of the neck,
pulling his face close to hers, almost touching, bringing his lust-filled
eyes within inches of her face. "Is it me or the money," she hissed,
digging her finger nails deeply into the back of his neck. "Now that all of
this is almost mine, is that what brought you here tonight?" "No, it's you
. . . it's you," he muttered, pulling the slippery gown from her body and
leaving her naked beneath him. The sweet smell of her perfume maddened him
and his hands, rough on her skin, reached down cupping her buttocks tilting
her hips upward so that the throbbing swollen head of his cock grazed
deliciously over the matted pubic hairs that covered the soft, fleshy
opening of her cunt. He began kissing her breasts, her belly, then moved
his lips down to the dark pubic mound between her legs. "Open your legs,"
he commanded, nuzzling at her closed thighs with a desperate persistence
that caused a slight shudder of sudden passion to ripple through her.
"Yes," she answered, writhing beneath him and obediently widening the gap
between her legs. "Oh, yes, yes!" she groaned, now completely consumed by
the manipulations of his rigid tongue caressing the open slit of her
vagina. It flicked relentlessly between her wide-spread legs, stopping
sporadically to curl its way deep into her hungry clasping crevice. Thea
moaned as a fountain of dream-like ecstasy surged through her, possessing
and tormenting her while at the same time releasing in a rising tide of
desire the surpressed feelings she had kept hidden within herself for so
long. Her tensed body prayed for relief as it strained up against her
lover's probing tongue, shuddering and chilled from the sexual stimulation
that consumed her. With a deep, penetrating moan, she kicked her wide-
spread legs back over her head and pulled his tongue deeper into her
vagina, now well-lubricated with cuntal secretions. George began making
wild, incoherent sucking noises as he rapidly thrust his rigid tongue in
and out of her upthrust crotch while the ragged lips of her dilated vagina
seemed to cry out for release from the unsatiated torment that filled her
womb. Her head dangled loosely over the edge of the satin covered pillow,
with her mouth slack, giving small pleading sounds of encouragement to him
as he worked over her burning cunt with a wild abandon. Lisa stared through
the door crack, hypnotized at the writhing couple on her parents' bed,
shocked by their obscene exhibition. She knew she should run, but something
deep and intangible inside her senses kept her feet cemented to the floor,
though she could not understand what the strange feeling was. She gave a
sharp intake of breath as she saw Thea's claw-like fingers grasping like a
blind person's at the stiffened penis that bobbed wildly against her body.
"Put it in, for Christ's sake," she pleaded, "stick it in me before I lose
my mind." Her plea had no sooner left her lips when he reached down, and
grasping his long hard instrument, began rubbing the swollen bulbous head
between the wet, open mouth of her cunt. Lisa watched horrified as his
buttocks tightened and with a quick downward thrust of his hips, sunk the
sinewed shaft deep into the moist gaping channel between her legs. Then,
with a slow, rocking movement, the huge pulsating instrument began to inch
its way past her straining vaginal muscles to her deepest depths. Her aunt
pumped her buttocks rhythmically up at his crotch, sucking him farther and
farther inside of her. A resounding slap of flesh against flesh cut sharply
through the air as his pelvis smacked against hers with the force of a
hard, well-aimed blow. Thea let out a gurgling moan as the impalement of
her body spread through her senses, sending small, quick shots of
electrical sensation coursing through her quivering body. The frantic
pumping motion of the two writhing bodies before her engulfed Lisa's body
with a strange, foreign tingle that lapped at her private parts in hot
flickering flames of an awakening desire. She unconsciously stiffened
herself, trying to smother and dampen them, but without success, for though
her mind commanded her to walk away from the lewd scene before her---a raw
animal urge kept her eyes glued tightly on the gyrating bodies on the bed.
Her fingers crept involuntarily beneath the thin cotton nightgown to the
straining white flesh of her youthful breasts and began kneading and
pulling at the quivering mounds, trying to relieve the stimulating, painful
pressure surging from them. To her horror she could feel small drops of
moistness coming from between her clinched thighs and slowly trickling down
her legs. A soft tormenting moan came from her parted lips as she reached
down at the wetness between her legs. The flesh beneath her soft, downy
pubic hair felt white-hot as though it were being consumed by a huge,
uncontrolled fire and her body gave a sudden spasmodic jerk when her finger
grazed the bud of her clitoris, now a hot coal in the pit of the flames.
The weird stimulation jottled her senses as she peered with a feeling of
shame and yet a strange excitement back at the couple in the bedroom. Their
bodies were wildly entwined in one as a network of white flailing limbs
danced to the rhythm of the dual plunging. Thea gave a lurch and scissored
her legs open, a foot dangling on either side of the wide bed, while the
pounding from without and within her began to build her arousal to the
point of explosion. Yet, it was not quite there but just out of reach,
torturing her sex-starved organ until she thought she would scream. She
ground her hips savagely against his heaving body, seeking with all her
being that final completion. "Fuck me deeper, Fuck deeper!" she screamed at
him in desperation. He frantically grabbed at her ass cheeks with both
hands and drove the lunging cock deeper and harder into the raving woman's
throbbing cunt with swift and brutal in and out strokes. His balls smacked
heavily against the puckered anus of her upturned ass as he continued his
increasing pounding. "Ooooooohhhhhhh," she grunted, as she drew nearer her
fulfillment. She had never been this close before. At the same time, George
could feel a rising tide exploding out from his aching loins and he
increased his ramming even further with a quicker and deeper thrust. A soul
scarring groan emerged from deep within his throat as his thick hot cum
burst free from his testicles and overflowed into the gaping mouth of her
cunt. "Not yet, you fool," she screamed, digging her sharp pointed nails
into his back, breaking the skin and bringing beads of blood to the
surface. But he continued his plunging. There was nothing else in the world
now but the thought of his cock completely submerged and emptying itself
into her proud, haughty belly. The searing pain of her nails in his back
only intensified the pleasure of his completion. In desperation, Thea began
to buck her body uncontrollably against his limp cock, groaning at the
maddening frustration that engulfed her burning loins. Her peak of
fulfillment had been just a hair away and she now strained crazily trying
to reach it as his dead weight collapsed in exhaustion across her heaving
body. "Oh, God no," she protested as his soft semen soaked penis slipped
stickily from her opening. Tears of frustration came to her eyes but she
quickly brushed them away with a flick of her hands, not wanting him to see
her weakness. Lisa had stood thunder-struck while watching the climax of
the performance in the other room. Now her whole body vibrating with
nervous tension and shame of what she had just witnessed, she forced
herself back from the open door crack and silently groped her way back to
her room. Stumbling to her bed she curled her body up into a tight ball,
the fetal position of a babe in the womb, and wrapped her quilted
down-filled comforter around her in an attempt to stop her body's
trembling. The grotesque nightmare happenings of the past week were more
than her mental processes could consume and soon nature mercifully released
her suffering with a deep uninterrupted sleep. George dressed quickly
glancing nervously at his watch. "You're better than you ever were Thea,
like a quality wine, you've improved with age." The brusque compliment
infuriated Thea turning her feeling of debasement into enraged hatred for
the man she had been pleading to a few moments before. She made no attempt
to answer him or even acknowledge his presence, but puffed methodically on
the cigarette briefly fascinated by the burning ember on the tip of it. She
presented the picture of cool calm, laying there naked on the sperm stained
bedspread, while inside her body pulsated and quivered, yearning for
relief. "I'll call you in the morning to make arrangements on settling the
estate . . . as Lisa's guardian you'll retain control until she comes of
age," he said as he made his way to the door. "I'm taking her to Brookdale
in the morning. She needs a rest, but not around here. There are too many
memories," she replied mechanically still not meeting his gaze. "Don't call
me, I'll contact you later . . . I need a rest too." He nodded his head in
agreement and started to close the door behind him. "And George." "Yes?"
"You didn't prove a damn thing."



              Chapter 4

   Garrthh . . . Garrthhhh," the squeaky voice of Nell, the nurse, shrilled
from the back entrance of the main edifice that made up the institution of
Brookdale Rest Home. Garth chuckled gleefully as his huge burly body
crouched behind the rambling shrubbery. The wild growth of berry weeds
brushed and tickled at his hairy legs as they pushed up against his weight
and crept beneath the cuffs of his trousers. He quickly clasped his open
hand across his thick lips in a child-like manner, fearing the old hen
would hear him and discover his hiding place. "Garth, you get back up here
quick, or I'll tell Dr. Quinn on you. Do you hear me boy?" Garth remained
secure in his hiding place, leaning back and rolling around in the weeds in
unsurpressed delight upon hearing the antagonized tone of her voice.
Suddenly his body stiffened in fear as he heard a second voice, that of Dr.
Quinn talking to Nell. "What's the trouble here, Nell? Is Garth playing
games with you again," he asked with a tone of cool amusement to his voice.
"You really shouldn't have so much difficulty controlling him now that all
the rest of your charges have checked out. Certainly your duties couldn't
be much more strenuous than of a babysitter's, and with the salary I'm
paying you, perhaps you can find it within your grasp to apply a little
practical psychology to situations such as these." "I'm sorry, Dr. Quinn, I
had other things on my mind," Nell defended, lowering her eyes from his
steely glare. "I was in the Day Room planning the weekly menu when he
disappeared out back here somewhere." "Yes, I'm sure he's out here," he
replied with a weary tone. "I'm sure he can hear me now, can't you Garth?"
The ugly ape-like man with the child's brain cringed in fear nodding his
head up and down in acknowledgment but afraid to move from his sanctuary.
He began to sob uncontrollably at the thought of what his punishment might
be if he had angered Dr. Quinn too much. "Garth, I can hear you out there.
Stop that crying and come over here and you won't be punished. But you must
come immediately before I change my mind." "Yes Dr. Quinn, I'm coming,"
Garth slobbered gratefully as he stood up and ambled clumsily back to his
tormenting master. "Why I left my experiments in the middle of the day is
because I want to talk to you about a new visitor I'm expecting shortly,"
Dr. Quinn continued, ignoring Garth who was now standing humbly next to
Nell with a look of frightened anticipation on his face. "A young visitor,
Thea's niece." "Is Thea coming back . . . . is Thea coming," Garth burst
out grabbing eagerly at the doctor's arm. "Let go of my arm Garth." Garth
jerked his arm back as though he had touched it to a hot stove and suddenly
realized the dancer. "Yes, Thea is coming back, and as I've just said," he
paused glaring coolly at Garth, "she's bringing her niece with her . . .
for a prolonged rest." "They should arrive here within the hour. Nell, I
want you to prepare a room for her in Ward Five." "But Sir," she protested,
"that's the room we save for our most difficult patients." "I'm well aware
of that Nell. Just do as I say." Noting the puzzled look on her face he
added, "The girl's been under a tremendous strain and needs as much privacy
and quiet as possible . . . . Be prepared for hallucinatory ravings and
periodic outbursts of hysteria. From what Thea tells me, the girl sounds
like she's on the verge of a complete mental collapse." "Yes sir, I'll so
right now and take care of the room for her," Nell mustered and walked
away. "My only instructions to you Garth," he paused menacingly, "is to
stay away from her. Do you clearly understand my orders?" "Y---yes," the
imbecile mumbled keeping his eyes on the floor. Dr. Quinn relaxed his
posture a bit. "If you understand clearly and promise not to forget, you
may go back to the Day Room. I want it straightened up so it will be tidy
when our visitors arrive. OK, you can go now, Garth. If Nell needs me, I'll
be in the study. He studied Garth's backview as he ambled in an aimless
manner back to the Day Room, and took mental note that his feet were
starting to gradually point at a more inward angle as he walked, while his
hunched shoulders curved much lower now than before. This awkward posture
caused his hands to dangle in an ape-like manner, facing the rear position
when his body was mobile. With a slight twinge of apprehension, he decided
to take Garth off the experimental hormone injections for a few days to
counteract his rapid physiological regression toward the ape family.
Entering his study, his eyes carefully searched over the volumes of books
that lined three sides of the room and pulled out a leather-covered one
entitled "Primitive Man." He walked over to his desk, sat down in the
well-cushioned arm chair and started scanning through the chapters that
covered the Pleistocene period, suddenly stopping at an artist's rendering
of the Neanderthaloid man. This was what he had been looking for. Most of
Garth's physical characteristics came closer to this likeness than any of
the others. The hairy burly body, the short forehead-stooping down to the
close-set beady eyes, flared nostrils, thick lips, and there they were the
long dangling arms hanging in the ape-like position. He closed the book and
stared pensively down at his laboratory notebook. For the last five years,
he had carefully recorded his experiments, results, and theories here, made
on the male hormone and what powers could be derived from it. He vaguely
realized that his work was now becoming an obsession to him, but he didn't
care. He was so close to his discovery that he couldn't be turned back or
stooped just for the safety of a worthless half-wit. Garth had been brought
to Brookdale four years back by a distant relative who paid the initial
deposit then disappeared, leaving no forwarding address. The usual
procedure would have been to transfer Garth to a State institution, but it
so happened at that time, Dr. Quinn desperately needed a subject to which
he could apply his serums, a subject that could remain indefinitely for
long-term observation. Garth provided the perfect answer to his problem: A
half-wit, not clever enough to realize he was the object of
experimentation, and docile enough to be controlled. When he first came to
Brookdale, he was ugly with crude heavy features but definitely not the odd
creature that he was today. It had not been until the first ten months of
his study, the doctor noted going back over the lab notes, that Garth first
started showing a physical reaction to the hormone injections. A profuse
growth of hair, particularly around the pubic areas, began to rapidly
increase, then spread to other areas of the body, and his skin became
thickened and tough, more like an animal's hide than human. The most
alarming growth of all, however, had been the tremendous enlarging of his
penis and testicles, larger than Dr. Quinn had ever noted observing on a
human, even at the research center of Carlton University. While studying
there as a member of the research staff, various experiments were conducted
on human sexual response. Dr. Jerome Quinn had led a group of researchers
on the study of a cure for male impotency, and with good reason although
unknown to anyone else. It was this reason that soon obsessed his being and
motivated him to continue these studies: he was an impotent man and had
never in his life been able to successfully make love to a woman. After
many fumbling attempts that invariably ended with frustrated embarrassment,
he decided to quench his anger in the pursuit of a chemical device to cure
him, never accepting the fact that it might be his mental processes causing
the problem. After working for several years at the university, Jerome
discovered a serum he was positive would advance his theories, but the
administration refused to allow him to inject the serum in a human,
claiming it had not been tested thoroughly enough. But they didn't
understand his desperate race against time. It was then that he decided to
experiment on his own, and with the money left to him from an inheritance,
purchased Brookdale as a front for his unethical studies, all the time
waiting for an opportunity to apply his work to human study. Yes, Garth had
been the perfect answer and right now he was in complete control of him . .
. and of all the guests . . . and employees at Brookdale. Even the haughty
Thea, though she didn't know it now, was completely under his control,
slowly pulling herself by selfish greed deeper into the center of his web.
A beautiful desirable woman, he thought, and he would take her if he were
only capable of having her. When she came to him with her scheme about
keeping her niece a prisoner at Brookdale until she could have enough time
to secretly drain the estate dry, depositing the money in a foreign
country, he had agreed to go along with her. Of course, she had promised
him a huge reward, assuming rightly that his funds were running low and
that he could only go on like this for about another year without the aid
of outside financial help. But now, Jerome wasn't so sure whether he would
let Thea leave or not. After all, she knew about his experiments with
Garth, but only tolerated them to hide a secret of her own, certainly not
out of understanding of his work. He knew the first day they met that Thea
was a drug addict and had probably been nursing the habit for a long time.
As a doctor he was quick to diagnose her symptoms. Her skin, though still
sporting a luminance of youth, had a slight pallor, she was highly nervous
at times, and the pupils of her hazel green eyes were usually contracted.
Even when they were not markedly constricted, they lost their normal
fluctuations which are unconsciously noted when observing another person.
Although she used many devices to cleverly disguise the tell-tale sign, it
was this lack of mobility in the eyes which was readily noted by Dr. Quinn.
Also, there was her marked lack of interest in the opposite sex which is a
strong characteristic in many female addicts. She had made friends with
Garth out of pity, but that could hardly count for anything. No doubt she
got mixed up in drugs after some kind of emotional upheaval, he mused. The
weak ones always do. For the time being, he would let her think her habit
was a well-kept secret, and at the right time he could always use it as a
lever . . . or a stick if need be, if she refused to cooperate with him. As
far as Nell was concerned, she was a habitual thief, a three-time loser who
had skipped parole, which was precisely why he had hired her. He had
carefully checked her out after her initial employment interview,
suspicious at the long periods of unemployment that she vaguely tried to
account for. Her nurse's training was adequate enough for Brookdale,
though, four years at the woman's State Prison, and she knew how to obey
orders and keep her mouth discreetly shut at the right times. She had to,
for it was necessary for her own survival, and she knew he could turn her
in to the authorities at will if she didn't follow his orders. He was not
quite certain, but faintly suspicious of lesbian tendencies in the older
woman, probably something she had picked up at the prison. More than once
he had caught her off guard, appraising Thea's body with a lustful look in
her eyes. A red flashing signal lit up on the small panel of buttons by the
side of his desk, signifying that someone was entering the main gateway to
Brookdale. They're arriving on schedule, he thought, as he closed his lab
notebook and headed towards the Day Room to greet his new guest and her
Aunt.



              Chapter 5

   Lisa could feel a gentle hand nudging her shoulder and the distant voice
of Jenny, the maid, coming to her sleep-hazed mind and waking her to the
morning chill of the late fall season. "It's eight o'clock Lisa," she
half-whispered, "and your Aunt is already downstairs at breakfast. She says
she wants to get an early start." The old woman paused and gave a loving
look at the young girl now blinking awake, then sat down on the bed beside
her, affectionately brushing the long strands of hair away from the girl's
sleep-swollen eyes. "Are you feelin' better, dear," she asked with a look
of deep concern on her face. Lisa nodded without speaking and patted the
woman's work worn hands in acknowledgment. Old Jenny seemed like more a
member of the family than a servant, she thought. She had helped to care
for Lisa since early childhood, and now stood loyally by her in their
mutual sorrow. "I brought you up some fresh orange juice and poached eggs.
Here, try some of this crisp toast," she offered, reaching to the tray on
the nightstand and extending her hand to Lisa's lips. "I cut the crusts,
just like I used to when you were a little girl." "I can't eat now, Jenny.
I'm not hungry---just some hot tea, please." "I'll bring you up a mug of
tea if you promise to try a bite of this food." The look of concern
returned. "You haven't had a thing to eat since early yesterday, and you've
lost all your color. I'm going downstairs and tell your Aunt that you're
too ill to travel," she said with determination. "No, Jenny, don't." The
last thing Lisa wanted was for Jenny and Thea to get into an argument. She
knew her Aunt had a quick temper and would probably fire the old woman on
the spot, and if she did, there would be nothing that Lisa could do to stop
her. "Look, Jenny . . . I really do want to get away from here for a while.
In fact, the sooner, the better . . . I'll try the eggs out if you promise
not to say anything to Thea." Lisa's eyes were now silently pleading with
the old woman. "Ok," she agreed reluctantly, "but try them out now before
they get cold. I'll go get you some hot tea and run the bath water." Lisa
gave a sigh of relief as the door shut behind Jenny, and reluctantly picked
up a piece of the crisp toast and dunked it in a yolk, absently watching
the bright yellow fluid run down the ragged white sides of the egg and onto
the china plate. I'll have to get out my heavy winter coat, she thought,
looking out through the frost-covered bedroom window. From where she sat,
she could see the branches of the old elm tree with its leaves fluttering
nervously against the slate gray background of sky. Her eyes wandered to
the shelf below the window that held old remembrances of her child hood
years . . . an old rag doll, her first coin collection and the familiar red
scrap book filled with mementos of her early school days. She could
remember vividly her last year in grammar school and her favorite teacher
Mrs. Garner. At the end of that year, all the children in class had small
autograph books which were passed around for everyone to sign as small
remembrances of that year. Lisa could hardly wait to see what Mrs. Garner
had written in hers. But when she read her inscription, she came close to
tears. It was not what she had expected at all. "Learn to paddle your own
canoe" were the few words that she wrote and as a twelve-year-old looking
for approval Lisa had been bitterly disappointed. At that moment in her
room, Lisa made a firm decision to heed her teacher's words and to face the
responsibility of the moment, doing as her Aunt wished. She did need a
rest, she reasoned. She felt the raw nervous sensations building up again
in her body and reached for the bottle of tranquilizers on the night stand
labeled "Take one before breakfast and one before bedtime." The family
doctor had issued her the pills along with a strong sedative after her
outburst at the funeral. She made a mental note to take them along with her
in case she had trouble sleeping. Perhaps Brookdale was the answer. She
couldn't stay around the house now . . . at least not for a while . . .
until some of the memories dimmed and she could see them in perspective
again. And she wasn't prepared to face school yet, not even Mark. Her
nostalgia broke when she heard Jenny approaching the door, and she
hurriedly gulped down the last traces of food remaining on the plate.
During the long ride to Brookdale, Thea seemed subdued and pensive,
offering little in the way of conversation, except that the rest at
Brookdale was what she needed until she felt strong enough to go back to
school again. Lisa puzzled at the woman sitting across from her in the
front seat as she spoke almost tonelessly in a detached manner. Thea was
certainly subjected to sharp personality changes, she thought, from one of
complete outward calm to a highly strong ball of nerves, ready to spring at
anyone who confronted her wishes with resistance. She wondered how Thea
could be so calm on the surface, after her experience with George Colby the
night before. Lisa's face colored with a bright red blush of embarrassment
at remembering what she had witnessed and turned her head back to the
window She thought about Mark and how much she missed him now and decided
to write him a long letter as soon as she got settled at Brookdale. She did
need a rest. Only this morning she had taken another tranquilizer to help
her through this journey. Concentrating on the landscape passing the car
window like a movie run in slow motion, Lisa drifted off into a light
sleep. A few hours later Thea broke the silence. "Lisa, we're almost
there," she announced in a matter-of-fact tone of voice, shifting the car
gear into second as they approached a large iron gateway that was the
entrance to Brookdale. The gate was locked and on either side and an ivy-
covered brick wall surrounded the premises for as far as the eye could see.
By the side of the gate hung an old weather beaten "Keep Off" sign and
beneath that was a call box that led to the main house where a control of
some kind buzzed it open after Thea had gotten out of the car and spoken
softly into the receiver. Seconds later the gate swung slowly open,
creaking on its rusty hinges. Thea returned and moved the car forward onto
the premises of Brookdale Lodge. Still thinking of the "Keep Off" sign,
Lisa suddenly felt like a trespasser, and for a brief foreboding moment,
fought a strange impulse to run from the car and back out the gate, until
she heard the responding snap of metal against metal as the gate closed by
electronic control behind her. The car slowly made its way around the
graveled roadway, passing a grove of trees, then rounded the corner that
curved into the circled driveway in front of the main house. Lisa looked up
at the imposing edifice, giving an inward shudder that she hoped went
unnoticed by her Aunt. What an eerie place! It lay nestled in a grove of
tall trees like an overbearing neglected antique. At one time, it must have
been stately and stylish, but neglect now gave it the grimness of an old
feudal castle. Lisa could see a huge clustered chimney jutting up the side
of the house, casting weird shadows against the shingled exterior, and
patches of mossy growth on the shaded spots in the crevices of the peaked
roof. As they passed, she got a brief glimpse at the grove of trees behind
that contained a group of small bungalows, surrounded by a growth of wild
bushes and weeds that grew over three feet high. The frontal part of the
old mansion was grotesquely decorated with curved lattices and small
diamond-shaped windows. A beam of light flickered from the base of the
building in the far corner, suggesting a small cellar window, and she
wondered what shadowy and gloomy things could be in these rooms below the
house. The car stopped and Thea helped Lisa with her belongings up to the
wooden arched doorway. It now opened with a huge sigh, and Dr. Quinn
stepped forward to greet them. "My welcome to Brookdale, Miss Carter," he
grinned down at her through his small gray teeth, "we've been looking
forward to your arrival." Dr. Quinn had a distinctive look about him and he
carried himself with an air of calm self-assurance. His features were as
pointed and sharp as his precise diction of speech, and he might have been
handsome if it were not for the long, slightly hooked nose that curved at
an irregular angle down his face. His eyes had a frigid stare in them that
penetrated her very being, seeming to unclothe her hidden thoughts. Even as
he was smiling his greeting to her, the cold look never left his eyes.
Again, Lisa had a strong urge to leave this place as quickly as possible,
but she gathered her wits, and with the aid of the tranquilizer she had
taken earlier, gave him a friendly greeting and began to make small talk
with Nell who had offered to show Lisa to her room so she could freshen up
before dinner. As the older woman led her up the stairs to her room and
told her some of the history behind the old home, Lisa began to relax
again. She could tell that Nell took a liking to her instantly, in fact she
seemed to be going out of her way to be friendly to her. She followed Lisa
into the room and insisted on helping her unpack her clothes, complimenting
her on her beautiful wardrobe. She was particularly impressed with Lisa's
sets of matching underwear that her mother had given her on Christmas.
Nell's hand fondled the silk and nylon undies lovingly as she carefully
stacked them in the bureau drawer. Lisa made a mental note to buy her
something frilly as a gift before she left Brookdale, poor woman, she had
probably never known such luxury in her life. Nell didn't have the kind of
looks that would attract many men, Lisa thought, appraising her crude,
almost masculine features. Although she was probably still in her thirties,
she had a stale drab look about her, matronly and unfeminine. Her face was
devoid of any trace of cosmetic, not even lipstick, and her eyebrows were
thick and unruly, peaking out from the ruffled bangs of her short cropped
hair. Her whole body was rounded, not fat or stout, but firm and muscular
with her strong calves almost brushing against each other as she awkwardly
made her way around the room. When she spoke, her voice was surprisingly
deep and slightly hoarse. "Dinner's at seven. You've just enough time to
take a nap and relax for a bit, but first I'll fix a bath for you, it's
right over here." She paused and opened the door at the side of her bed,
"See, you'll have your own private bathroom while you're at Brookdale, and
you can consider me your private nurse. I'm here to see that you're as
comfortable as possible." Nell paused and gave the girl a tender look, then
disappeared into the bathroom and started running the water. "That's all
right Nell, I'm fine really," Lisa protested. She wanted the woman to leave
so she could be alone with her thoughts for a while. "Nonsense, Lisa. Now
get undressed and get into the tub before the water gets cold. I'm the
nurse and I know what's best for you. You've been through a trying ordeal,"
she continued, setting out the soap and towels, "and a good soak will calm
your nerves." Lisa obediently removed all her clothes, hoping to get rid of
her overly-helpful ward, and walked into the bathroom just as Nell was
turning off the water in the almost over brimming tub. "That's a girl,"
Nell said approvingly. "Now, be careful or you'll slip, here let me help
you." Before she could protest, Nell had firmly clasped her hands under her
armpits and was gently easing her body into the tepid water. "Lean forward,
and I'll loosen the muscles at the base of your neck," she said, reaching
under the long golden tresses of the young girl's neck and beginning a film
rhythmic massage on her taunt nerve-tensed muscles. Lisa arched back
against the rotating pressure, the cords in her strained neck standing out,
as the squeezing behind her began to release all the tensions that had
built up inside her. "Oooooh, that feels so goood, so gooood," she half
moaned, thoroughly enjoying the probing fingers that were expertly relaxing
her tightly- strung muscles. "Your muscles are too tight and balled up, my
dear," Nell replied as she secretly surveyed the white youthful hack that
curved delicately down to the surface of the water. "We must take care of
that." Lisa relaxed her shoulders against the pressure and let her full
ripe breasts skim the surface of the water. The billowing steam pulled and
penetrated at her pores, expanding them, while the heat consumed her body
until she felt limp and water logged. "Step out now," Nell commanded
gently, "and I'll give you a quick rub down. She reached over and grabbed
two hand towels, wrapping them into terry cloth mitts as Lisa staggered out
of the bath, almost overcome by the heat. As she stood there, Nell worked
expertly over her naked body, slapping and massaging, until her skin felt
tingly and alive again. In the steam filled room Lisa could not see the
lust filled eyes of the older woman as she worked slavishly over her
beautiful firm body, lewdly taking in each crevice and peak, almost working
herself into a sexual frenzy. Nell controlled herself for the time being as
her mind raced over a scheme to enjoy this lush body at a more opportune
moment. Right now she had gone as far as she dared, besides Dr. Quinn would
be wondering about now what was taking her so long, the sadistic bastard.
"That's a girl," Nell said handing Lisa the blue fleece robe from her
suitcase. "Put this on and you won't catch cold. I'll come back and wake
you in time to get dressed for dinner." She scurried out of the room and
was gone before Lisa had a chance to thank her for her kind attention. At
seven o'clock they were all clustered around the huge oak dining table,
waiting for dinner to be served. Candles graced the floral center piece
under the linen table cloth and the table was set with a beautiful antique
crested silver service. Although the chair at the head of the table was
cushioned with red velvet, the rest were straight and stiff. Dr. Quinn sat
there now with an almost kingly nature and quietly passed the food around
the table. Nell rushed in and out from the kitchen, first bringing in a
steaming cauldron of onion broth. The hearty aroma wafted over to Lisa's
nostrils arousing her hunger sensations. The rest of the meal was equally
plain but substantial, roast beef with vegetables. When Nell brought in the
po tau creme chocolat for desert, Dr. Quinn raised his eyebrows in mild
surprise. "You've outdone yourself, tonight, Nell," he remarked dryly as he
sampled the dash. "This is what I call truly inspired cookery." After
coffee, Dr. Quinn hurriedly excused himself and stepped into the kitchen
where Nell was washing the dishes. "Come to my office as soon as you're
through here, I have something I want you to do for me." Back at the table,
Thea, who had said little during the meal pushed back her chair, and dabbed
nervously at the corners of her mouth with the top of her napkin. "Lisa, I
have to go into town tonight and attend to some important business," she
announced apologetically, "just make yourself at home. There are plenty of
books in the library if you wish to read." She walked over and lightly
brushed her lips against the girl's forehead. "I'll see you tomorrow at
breakfast," she said and disappeared up the stairs to her room. Nell
completed her chores in the kitchen and made her way to the doctor's study.
What does that weasel want now, she thought, tapping lightly on the door,
from the sarcastic remark he made at the dinner table, she half suspected
that he knew about her plans for Lisa. "Come in Nell." He was sitting at
his desk studying his lab book, and didn't look up as she entered the room.
"Yes sir?" He glanced up at her impatiently as if she had broken his train
of thought, then reached in a drawer and handed her a small paper envelope.
"This is a strong sedative. I want you to give it to the girl before she
goes to bed. I don't want her wandering around here when I'm working on my
experiments. In the meantime, I want you to keep a constant eye on her . .
. but try to be subtle Nell. There's no need to alarm her, if possible.
That way both of our jobs will be easy. The powder is tasteless, but very
powerful. It should knock her out until morning, at which time I will
expect you to continue your vigilance. Did you save some food for Garth?"
"Yes sir, I took it to his room while the rest were eating. He's very
restless, sir. I don't like to be around him alone when he's been locked up
for so long." "Don't worry about Garth. Despite his appearance, he's
nothing but an overgrown child and the very reason why you have trouble
controlling him is because he senses that you're afraid of him," he said
impatiently then looked back down at his notebook, dismissing her without a
word. Nell almost laughed with joy as she made her way back to the kitchen.
The kind doctor had solved her problem with the sedative. Now she could
have Lisa's unprotesting body completely under her power. Her body ached
with burning desire as lewd thoughts of Lisa's softly curved white flesh
surrendering to her touch filled her thoughts. "Now we shall see, my love,"
she muttered under her breath as she hurried to finish her chores in the
kitchen. She shuddered in anticipation of the love play she would enjoy
with the beautiful unconscious girl tonight. She could still picture the
rising pointed breasts, pulsating in the steamed room, and marveled now at
the control she maintained while rubbing the soft yielding flesh in her
hands. The sexual stimulation surging through her body then, was almost
more than she could stand. But tonight she would be rewarded for her
patience, she thought, as she obscenely pictured the various positions she
would have the helpless girl in while she expressed her love. After dinner,
Thea quickly made her way back to her room before the others could see what
pain she was in. She had waited too long to contact Erik, and now she was
completely out of supplies. Thank God, she had stashed away some methadone
hydrochloride in a safe hiding place for an emergency such as this. She
frantically dug beneath the garments in the bottom drawer of her dresser
and pulled out a small plastic bottle, shaking it empty of its contents.
Only ten milligrams left, she thought desperately, as she swallowed the
strong narcotic in one guick gulp. This will only last me an hour or two at
the most . . . . I must get ahold of Erik, she thought frantically, as she
picked up the phone on her nightstand and nervously dialed the number.
"Yes?" "Erik . . . this is Thea . . . I must see you tonight . . . Right
now." "Oh yes, Thea my darling," his thick voice drooled over the phone
with a casual air of indifference. 'I've missed you my pet. You haven't
been by to see me for so long." "Cut the shit," she whispered hoarsely.
"You know what I want." "Yes, my dear, I do know what you want . . . but,
I'm afraid my stock is very low right now. I would suggest that you call me
next week." "Next week," she echoed, panic mounting in her voice. "I can't
see you next week. I must see you tonight." "Very well, my dear. Come to my
gallery and ring the bell. I'll be upstairs in my room," he responded
teasingly, "We can discuss your purchase there." Thea slammed the phone
down and grabbed a coat from the closet. That dirty refugee bastard was
thoroughly enjoying the power he held over her now. She wondered what sly
ideas were in his vile filthy mind, but she didn't care, all she wanted
right now was a fix.

              *  *  *

   For the first time in almost a week, Lisa felt completely relaxed and
comfortable. She stretched her long legs luxuriously beneath the sheets and
nestled down deeper under the covers. A few moments ago, Nell had come to
her room when she was reading, bringing her a large glass of warm milk. It
was just what she needed to down the tranquilizer. Now she could be assured
a good night's rest. Just before the deep slumber penetrated her body, she
was vaguely conscious of footsteps approaching her door, softly but with
determination. She thought she could hear a soft murmur, a shadow of human
utterance, then deep, deep sleep blackened her dreamy thoughts.



              Chapter 6

   To begin with, Erik Holz was an assumed name. He was born in Warsaw of a
Polish mother and German father, the name on his birth certificate being
legal at the time, but he had changed all that before the end of the war
when he rightly calculated an Allied victory was near at hand. In his
youth, he attended the University of Warsaw and studied political history,
supplementing his expenses by cleverly duplicating official documents and
certain identifications for the more affluent students. He had picked up
this talent as a boy, watching his father laboriously carving plates in his
small print shop. His father never understood his industriousness and was
always preaching right and wrong to him, never realizing that those in
control are always right. During the years, he had developed this peculiar
philosophy of life: the only truths lie in being right and being right was
to be on the winning side, assuming everything is relative. And this
philosophy, along with a certain amount of animal cunning kept Erik on top
of the heap, although he did have a few close calls. But for the most part
his theory proved to be a reliable formula. After graduation, he had
secured himself a small position in the Polish government just before the
German invasion. Then later, discreetly approached the German Military
Attache with his briefcase containing names of certain key Polish officials
still giving aid to the last remnants of the Polish Underground. He was
quickly rewarded for his efforts with another minor post in the German
occupational government and that was when the money started rolling in.
There had been many opportunities; blackmail, supplying information for a
price to desperate refugees, and aiding their escape with forged documents.
At the time, he was lucky not to get caught playing his dual role, but he
was beginning to enjoy his new position, he even married a German girl who
worked at the German Embassy. Just when his future seemed the brightest,
the war took a turn in favor of the allied forces, and when the fate of the
German conquerors seemed doomed, he contrived a plan to leave Poland,
deciding he had crossed sides once too often. Before leaving Warsaw, he
paid a visit to the registrar at the church of his baptism, and on the
pretext of looking up details of an old friend, neatly removed the page
recording his own name and birth. With the purchase for one thousand
dollars, he bought his way on a merchant marine ship and was off to Sweden
on the next boat, leaving no word of his whereabouts to his family or
friends. At the end of the war, he flew to Rio de Janeiro and established a
lucrative trade falsifying papers for German refugees anxious to conceal
their past. His price was high, knowing many of them would face death in
war trials then being conducted in Europe if they were caught, and soon he
became a wealthy South American businessman. It was about this time that
Erik, as he now called himself, decided that the quickest profit for his
growing income would come from the wholesale trade of drugs, namely Heroin.
He was right, and for ten years he remained in Rio, prospering on the sale
of the drug. On one especially hot day, however, he decided to leave South
America and seek a cooler climate. His blood pressure was lagging in the
tropical heat, he was eternally perspiring, so he decided to retire in a
more comfortable spot and pursue the finer things in life. The U.S. and an
art gallery seemed to be the most reasonable answer, and still loving the
great fun of making profit, he continued his drug peddling on a retail
basis. His art imports from South America provided a perfect front to
receive his wares. After Thea's phone call, he replaced the receiver back
on the hook, smiling to himself and began to stroke at his well-trimmed Van
Dike methodically as he pondered over the opportunity that now awaited him.
He had unmistakably detected the tone of desperation in her usually coolly
controlled voice. Erik found Thea to be an exciting, stimulating woman,
despite the nasty habit she nurtured. He had often entertained wild erotic
fantasies of having her completely under his control to do with her as he
wished. Although at times he had made subtle advances, she had brusquely
brushed them off as if shooing away a pesky insect. Now his excitement grew
as he realized that tonight was the chance he had been waiting for. Tonight
he was going to fuck that snobby bitch as she had never been fucked before,
and to assure her grateful submission, he would have two important items
working in his favor: the heroin and the powerful aphrodisiac that he had
been saving for just such an occasion. Thea's car drew up in front of
Erik's gallery. The dim night lights inside displayed the latest oil
imports from South America that Erik made a handsome profit on, peddling
them to the summer tourists at cut rate prices. The main street was dark
and quiet and there were no other cars around except for Erik's antique
Rolls Royce, which was parked in the side driveway. The apartment over the
gallery where Erik lived, showed no sign of life, but as Thea approached
the door, she could detect a small shaft of light coming through one of the
heavily draped windows upstairs. She rang the bell and a loud buzzer
sounded, releasing the lock from the inside. Erik was waiting for her at
the top of the stairway. He was dressed in an elaborate crimson velvet robe
that tied loosely around his bulky form with a gold rope tassel. His sparse
kinky red hair, expertly touched with gray at the temples for a costly fee
from his hair stylist, crowned his over-sized head. Small white pustules
caused by a constant constipation problem, budded beneath the thin layer of
flesh on his pocked-marked face. He now stood smiling expectantly down at
her, his watery blue eyes resting on the saggy pockets of flesh beneath
them. The robe did not entirely cover his spindly legs, and they jutted out
like two thin sticks mounted under the huge mound of flesh that made up his
huge grotesque looking belly. The sight of him disgusted Thea, but she
tried to hide her feelings, not wanting to antagonize him. "Good evening
Erik," she said stiffly. She was close enough to him now to hear his heavy
nasal breathing. "Well, my dear, you've finally come," he said mockingly.
"I've waited a long time for you to accept one of my invitations. Come in
and relax, and we'll discuss your problem." He ushered her into the plush
living room, and directed her to the huge circular sofa situated in the
middle of the room. Soft, seductive music came from hidden speakers in the
wall, and the lights had been turned so low, that when Erik walked over to
the portable bar, Thea could see only the burning ember of the cigarette he
dangled carelessly from his thick lips. "I've just come to get the 'H,'
Erik." Thea tried to hide the mounting irritation and was in no mood to try
to humor him. "Yes, I know. But first you must join me in a drink, I don't
like to drink by myself." He crossed the room extending the glass to her,
and raised his own glass in the air. "A toast, my dear, to a lasting
friendship and satisfactory business transactions." Thea tipped the chilled
rim of the glass to her lips and sipped slowly at the dry liquid. She tried
to hide her hands that were now starting to tremble. All over her body, the
raw, ragged nerve endings were coming alive and throbbing. God, she
thought, the methadone isn't going to hold me until I get back. I'll have
to have a fix soon or I'll turn into a mass of jelly before this slob. He
walked over to the sofa and sat down close beside her, boldly leering at
her body, undressing her with his lewd blood-shot eyes. Thea we sure now
that he could see the trembling hands and beads of perspiration on her
forehead, but he made no comment about it. She looked at his ugly puckered
face for a sign of recognition, but all she could see were two hot coals in
his eyes, burning with unmistakable lust. His thick moist lips quivered in
anticipation at the beautiful woman sitting beside him. Finally, when he
spoke, there was a smile in his eyes, and Thea knew that he was delighting
in the power he was now holding over her by depriving her of the drug. "You
look nervous, my sweet. Would you like another drink?" Thea nodded and
looked down at her hands, wringing them with growing anguish as he refilled
her empty glass. She took the second drink and gulped it down quickly,
setting the empty glass on the coffee table. When Erik returned, he placed
his body even closer to hers until their sides were pressing heavily
against each other. His heavy breathing seemed even more pronounced with
his intake of air coming more rapidly, as Thea felt the heat of passion
expanding from his body and burning the side of her that was touching him.
She could see from the way his eyes continued to rove over her hungrily
that he was going to ask a high price for the drug this time, and even
though her tortured body cried for relief, she wasn't sure if she were
capable of giving herself to the salivating pig beside her. Thea sat
motionless not speaking, knowing that it was useless to continue the
conversation. Erik would give her the drug when he felt she had earned it
and not before. From now on, he would call the shots and she would be
helpless to stop him. She had to get relief fast, and he was the only
person she knew who could help her. Erik studied Thea over the rim of his
glass, waiting for the effect of her second drink to take hold. It had been
a very special drink, indeed, he thought, chuckling to himself. The
tasteless powder should warm her up fast, it was known as one of the most
powerful love potions that could be found in South America. On impulse, he
leaned forward and breathed heavily in Thea's ear, talking to her in almost
a whisper. "Now Thea, shall we discuss our business transaction? Let's be
practical. I've got something you want very badly and you've got something
. . ." he leaned further forward and harshly sucked at her ear lobe between
his tobacco-stained teeth, and then let go, "and you've got something I
want." He finished his broken sentence and leaned back to continue his lewd
penetrating stare. "I've brought the money," Thea replied, fighting back
the growing pain and another new strange sensation that shot through her
like an uncontrolled fire the moment his thick lips had touched the lobe of
her delicately curved ear. She made a concentrated effort to steady her
voice. "If you're low on supplies, I'm prepared to pay double the regular
price." Then she made one last attempt to call his bluff. "Get me the stuff
now or I'll go to another source, Erik. I don't enjoy playing games to
satisfy your demented sense of humor," she said looking at him cold in the
eyes. Erik shrugged his shoulders in a gesture of mock defeat. "You may
leave anytime you wish, Thea. The door isn't locked." Thea could sense that
he was stalling for time and it wouldn't be long now that the pain would
overpower her will, soon she would be begging for relief. He must be crazy,
thinking she would want to participate in any love games with him, she
thought, watching him closely, waiting for him to make the next move. She
knew she wouldn't have the strength or will power to stand up and walk out
of the room without first satiating her physical craving for the drug. Thea
shuddered at the thought of those thick hairy hands touching her body, but
the pain was now steadily increasing and her knees had turned to liquid.
The perspiration on her forehead now built up into heavy beads, began to
break and run down the side of her face. She took a lace handkerchief from
her purse and dabbed nervously at them and leaned back further on the sofa
in an attempt to steady her reeling body. A warm probing sensation
enveloped her body, fighting back at the drug craving pain, and she
swallowed hard to control the nauseous impact that racked through her body.
Erik continued watching her with an amused gleam in his eyes, visibly
seeing the potion take control of her emotions. "You truly look ill, my
dear," he said with mock concern in his eyes. "Is there something I could
get for you?" Thea rolled her head back and a low soft moan escaped from
her anguished lips, while her body began to slowly rise and squirm against
the soft velvety material of the sofa. The sight of Thea's shapely body
completely out of control, writhing before him, incited deep lustful
passions in Erik, passions that he had forgotten even existed. He reached
under the fold of his crimson robe and began stroking his giant penis,
until it grew to its full length, and protruded menacingly outside the
robe. With his free hand, he untied the gold tassel and let the robe fall
free behind him. Still keeping his eyes on the tortured woman, he spread
his legs wide apart before her, now pumping at himself with both hands
until his cock was rock hard and glistening in the soft light of the living
room. Thea's tightly shut eyes had not seen the lewd display, but now she
could hear his distant voice breaking through her spasms of pain. "Look at
me, my love. I want to help you." Thea dazedly opened her eyes and dimly
gazed into Erik's face. He was grinning lewdly up at her between the
unshaven stubble on his face, and feasting his eyes on her squirming
curvaceous body. "Look at me," he persisted, thrusting his hips up towards
her. Thea lowered her eyes and saw the huge cock swaying in front of her
like a cobra dancing for the tune of a snake charmer. "No . . . no . . ."
she stammered, "stay away from me. But even as she pleaded with him, she
could feel the strength completely leave her body with a burning sexual
craving filling the void it had left behind. Erik now began to boldly
undulate his hips and she kept her eyes glued on the swaying penis,
hypnotized by its rhythmic movement. "Stand before me and remove your
clothing. Stand here on the table before me," he slurred at her through his
thick lips. Thea stood up in a trance, completely under his control now,
and kicked off her high-heeled shoes. Lifting her dress high over her
knees, exposing her long, softly curved calves and thighs, she stepped up
onto the teak coffee table, and stood waiting for him to speak. Her eyes
remained glued on his large thick cock as Erik continued to stroke it in a
teasing manner. The stereo music now engulfed the room with a pulsating
Latin beat and her limbs began to unconsciously sway to the tempo in round
circular motions. "Now my love, I want you to slowly . . . gracefully,
remove all your clothing and toss them down to me." His voice came to her
pounding ears in short jerky rasps, as she mechanically began to unzip her
dress. Erik's beady eyes bulged from their sockets at the breath-taking
erotic strip being performed on the table over his straining, throbbing
penis. It took all of his control to keep himself from ejaculating his cum
up at her. Her black dress slipped softly from her rounded hips and down to
her narrow ankles. When she stooped over to step out of the material that
encircled her tiny feet, he got a clear view of her ripe, rounded breasts,
protruding over the lacy edge of her black silky slip. The music
intensified to a faster tempo, and Thea, seeming to be controlled by the
sound, writhed and jerked her lush body in more pronounced gyrations. Erik
leaned over to the control panel by the side of the sofa and turned the
volume up full blast until the music pounded and reverberated through the
room with a maddening sound. Thea instantly responded, rapidly jerking off
her slip and throwing it down at him in a frenzy, her body swaying back and
forth while her head tilted back and her eyes rolled up at the ceiling.
Small moans, barely audible over the beating drums from the stereo, rolled
from her open mouth, now salivating tiny tickles of spittle down the sides
of her chin. Next, her trembling hands removed the black lace bra and her
breasts sprang out with amazing resiliency, peaking forward with the tips
pointed and throbbing passionately. Rotating her hips, in the circular
motion of a belly dancer, she inched her panties over her hips, letting the
flimsy material slide slowly down her contoured legs and fall to her
ankles. "Give me your pants," he commanded, leaning forward to retrieve the
black silk and lace material. As Thea leaned forward to step out of her
panties, her full ripe breasts dangled before his reach and he grabbed for
them with both hands, viciously kneading and squeezing at them, ignoring
her squeals of pain. Then he pulled her right breast down to his gaping
mouth, almost throwing her off balance, and stuffed in as much of the soft
white flesh as his mouth could hold, running his tongue around the ridges
of her nipple. Slowing rising to his feet in a half-kneeling position, he
ran his thick finger up between the inner thighs of her crouched legs,
until they reached the hair-lined moistness of her cuntal opening. His ugly
face loomed before the stooped, drugged woman with his eyes void of pity.
They shone into hers coldly, lustfully, cruel and unyielding, boring into
the very depths of her wild dilated eyes. His fingers continued their
probing until they found the opening between the vaginal lips. With a
sadistic smile tightly pulled across his yellowed teeth, he gave a brutal
up thrust, driving his middle finger into the depths of her passage.
"Aaaaaaaggggg," she screamed between clenched teeth, "I can't stand it . .
. It's driving me crazy!" She continued groaning as the exquisite feeling
of pressure in her burning void further ignited and stimulated the
uncontrolled longing that possessed her body. She strained the muscles of
her thighs and began grinding her hips against his thick finger, trying to
satiate the tormenting urge in her loins, while Erik slobbered maniacally
over and around her soft full breast with his moist, hot mouth. Crouching
lower and spreading her legs wider apart to give him more access, Thea
groaned in frustration. His short stubby probe was doing no more but to
drive her sexual urges to a higher peak, tormenting her hot clasping cunt.
"Oooooooh, fuck me!" she shrieked from her helpless position on the table.
"Please fuck me!" A loud pop sounded as Erik jerked his thick hairy finger
from her cunt and threw himself on his back on the sofa. Spreading his legs
wide open before her low bent head, he teasingly swayed his hard erect
penis from side to side, gyrating his hip to the beat of the music in the
background. His breath came in short rasps and his lips visibly trembled
from the stimulation rushing through his body. But when he finally spoke,
his voice was direct and clear. "You will do as I say or you'll get
nothing. Stand up and continue your dance," he commanded. Thea obediently
began to sway and jerk, gradually building herself up into an uncontrolled
frenzy, and as she threw her head from side to side, the hair pins fell
from her head and her long flowing black hair cascaded seductively down
around her white shoulders. "Ahhhh, a true Botticelli," he exclaimed, "a
raven-haired "Birth of Venus" on fire with love." His voice was wild and
raving at her like a mad man's as he played cruelly on her untamed drugged
emotions fully aware of the torment building up inside her womb. Finally,
he could wait no longer. "Lovely one, take me now," he commanded with
drooling lips. Thea lunged down on him like a crazed animal kneeling on the
carpet between his open legs, and grabbed frantically at his thick cock,
thrusting it into her mouth, licking and sucking at the warm white drops of
semen that glistened on the top of the swollen head. Erik thrust his hips
forward, driving his instrument deep into her sucking mouth and reached
behind her, clasping his hands firmly behind her neck, driving her face at
his open crotch, brutally pulling her to him with all of his strength. Thea
sucked at his cock hungrily as though she never wanted to stop, while Erik
continued buffeting his hips back and forth at her gaping mouth, now
expanded obscenely with the veined wrinkled flesh of his penis. She began
to suck with all her being at the thick instrument fucking into her mouth,
her eyes glazed with a wild animal lust. Erik released her head in
temporary exhaustion, no longer needing to grind himself into the frenzied
woman, now hungrily sawing at his cock through her tiny elastic-like lips.
In the dim light of the room, he grinned lewdly above her as he fucked her
mouth and watched her lust- contorted face suck and lick at him in
uncontrolled frenzy. She grabbed the back of Erik's swaying buttocks and
pulled them towards her, driving his cock deeper and deeper into her face.
Then rivulets of fluid were dripping from the corners of her mouth and onto
the matted hair of his pubic area. Erik moaned above her puckered mouth and
rammed himself deeper into her throat, holding her head secure in the
vice-like grip of his stubby fingers. Suddenly he moaned again as without
warning the hot waves of his white, hot sperm shot deep into her gaping
mouth, mixing lasciviously with her saliva as she gulped and swallowed
greedily at the white sticky liquid. While she continued sucking and
swallowing the gushing sperm, she clasped her lips in a tight elastic ring
around his deflating cock, swirling her tongue around and around the
throbbing head until she had completely sucked him dry. My God, she thought
through her dazed stupor, what's happening to me? "I can't help it. I can't
help it . . . I must have relief or I'll lose my sanity," her mind
continued to scream at her through her torment as a stifled sob escaped her
parted lips that now lay buried in the softness of his perspiring crotch.
Erik was stretched back limply on the sofa, momentarily drained of energy,
but as his lewd eyes trailed hungrily over her naked back and exposed
buttocks, now swaying wildly in the air behind her, his desire slowly began
mounting, building up powerfully in the depths of his loins. Thea, who had
been kissing and licking feverishly at the deflated penis resting limply on
the matted pubic hair, trying to make it hard and stiff again, suddenly
raised her head and threw it backwards, the cords of her neck standing
stiffly out. She flung her arms around the rolls of fat that hung from his
protruding belly and looked pleading up into his eyes with naked burning
desire and craving shining in them. "Tell me now, Thea love, tell Erik what
you want more than anything in the world." In the back of her mind, Thea
was dimly aware of the base indignity he was forcing upon her, but nothing
else seemed to matter but the quenching of the driving hunger in her loins
that was now becoming almost unbearable. She lolled her head back from side
to side, and parted her lips in agony, trying to speak. Finally she was
able to force the words out. "Stick it in me. Get in me quick. Hurry, hurry
. . . now!" she raved in bitter defeat. Erik showed no response to her
pleading, but sat there enjoying her desperation. "Pleeeese," she moaned,
and buried her face deep into his crotch, kissing at his slowly rising cock
in a maniacal frenzy. As his penis grew, Erik began a rocking motion,
sliding his stiffening rod beneath her chin in between the deep clefts of
her firmly rounded breasts, feeling a mild ecstasy as the twin mounds of
flesh clenched and unclenched at his probing penis. Soon his driving shaft
stood firm and erect again. He continued his maddening probings, until Thea
threw herself over on the deep-piled rug, rolling and kicking her legs
wildly around in the air and arching her back until her vaginal slit was
fully exposed to his leering eyes. Erik could hardly believe the exhibition
of lust the raving beautiful woman displayed as she flailed around before
him, begging him to ram it in her. The love potion must have been much more
powerful than he had originally thought. He stood over her, now the
complete master, holding his power over her pleading wants. "Turn over, and
get on your knees," he hissed at her with a sadistic gleam in his bulging
eyes. "Oh yes . . . yes. Give it to me quickly." Thea's pleadings were now
bordering hysteria, as she kneeled in front of him on the floor, bracing
her arms beneath her, positioning herself for the maximum exposure to her
cuntal area. "That's a good girl," Erik chuckled as his heavy body crawled
up over her backside, priming himself for the final conquest. "Hurry . . .
hurry, for God's sake," she panted looking around at him with wild eyes.
She tilted her round buttocks upwards trying to capture his long shaft. She
could see his fleshy face contorted with a peculiar look of anguish with
his mouth hung slack so that his chin and neck blended into one mass of
undefined flesh. Then, bending lower, he thrust his hard fat cock into the
moist hair-nested crevice, smashing the swollen head against her glistening
clitoris. The impact threw Thea forward, and her arms buckled beneath her
ramming the side of her face into the rug and tilting her swaying buttocks
even higher into the air. The pain went unnoticed as his jabbing penis
battered away, attempting to make it's entrance into her passion inflamed
vagina. In desperation, Thea reached under and up between her wide-spread
knees, and grabbed at his cock, guiding it into her burning channel. When
his thick shaft found the target, he jerked his hips brutally forward, and
buried his huge penis deep into the bucking woman's clasping hole, then
paused to catch his breath. "Go on! Fuck it! Fuck it!" she hissed up at him
with a murderous look in her eyes. He needed no further encouragement and
his heavy body began smacking into her with wild abandon, smashing her full
ripe breasts painfully against the floor. Thea cried out aloud as his thick
rod plunged into her hungry cunt like a battering ram, pushing the
unresisting soft folds of flesh in rippling waves before the cruel
throbbing head. She was now in an ecstatic trance as her greedy moist walls
clasped around his fleshy cock hungrily, bucking at it to completely devour
its length to the hilt. The crescendo of his unceasing ramming with his
large hairy balls slapping against her buttocks sent lewd sensations racing
through her ravished body. "Is this what you want," Erik grunted over her.
"Oooooooh! Yes . . . yes . . . don't stop. Do it harder, harder, oooooooh
yes, darling," she gurgled through her parted mouth now salivating moist
pools on the rug beneath her. Erik drove on into her, a complete feeling of
victory surging through his crazed mind. He had her now. She wanted his
cock plunging into her like this with all her being, just like a common
slut off the streets. No longer was she the cool aristocratic Thea, but a
raving animal begging for fulfillment. Thea could feel the rising tide
beginning deep in her belly, ready to explode any second. The obscene
picture of her helpless position and the debasing ravishment of her body
brought tiny, strange ripples of fire dancing through her senses, and
surging into a giant tide that was now engulfing her whole being. It
suddenly burst, exploding spasms from deep in her womb and spreading to the
nerve-racked opening of her pores. Bright flashing lights burst in her
head, and she bit down deeply into the thick piled rug in an unsuccessful
attempt to muffle the scream of release, pouring from her throat. "I'm
cumming . . . Aaaaaaaaah! Don't stop . . . don't stop . . . oooooooooohhhh
. . . ooooh yesssssssss!" She couldn't believe the wondrous reactions of
her body to the ugly brute pounding into her. This, her first orgasm,
flooded through her in great sensual waves, swirling around the hammering
cock deeply imbedded in her cunt. Warm rivulets of cuntal fluid seeped out
of her vaginal lips and down the insides of her quivering thighs, and the
feeling was so delicious she never wanted it to end, but to go on and on
and on into an everlasting eternity. Suddenly, Erik's fat loins crushed
into her, battering her body back into the rug and forcing her legs even
farther apart. Her whole body was now almost completely rolled under him,
contorted into a fleshy ball of hot craving, flaming loins. He rammed into
her relentlessly, striving to reach his second orgasm, pushing into her
with a maniacal frenzy, deeper, and deeper into her clasping vaginal
passage until she thought he was going to rip her in half. Her cum juices
flowed wetly around his still driving prick, flooding his hairy balls as
they pressed tightly against her throbbing clitoris. He continued to lunge
in and out of her for a seeming eternity, unable to reach his second peak
and the longer and harder he tried, the angrier and more frustrated he
became. He began shouting obscenities down at her crumpled form and
pounding at her backside with his fat closed fist, but his hard shaft could
get no relief from her now widely expanded passage. He pulled himself out
of her and began digging brutally at her small anus with the tip of his
middle finger, stroking it up and around, then plunging it deep inside of
her. Thea lurched forward from the unexpected driving pain that deeply
penetrated her bowels. Gradually, as his finger manipulated around and
around deep within her, she slowly became accustomed to the unfamiliar
intrusion. When he inserted the swollen, burning head of his throbbing cock
into the puckered opening, stretching it almost beyond endurance, she dug
her teeth and bit down at the rug to keep from blacking out. The pain
between her buttocks shot through her body as the cruelly penetrating shaft
dug deeper and deeper, expanding the tightness of her rectum to its fullest
capacity. They let out a muffled scream, protesting the excruciating
torture of her asshole from the driving monster behind her, but there was
no relenting of pressure as his thick cock vibrated through every tissue of
her being, shoving back the soft rubbery flesh inside her widely- stretched
buttocks. Her eyes widened in terror as she felt the coarse, wiry hair of
his loins scratch up and down into the softness of her softly curved
buttocks. He had methodically and cruelly impaled his thick pole into her
up to the hilt, stabbing her like a helpless animal caught in a trap,
unable to escape. Erik, now grunting and gasping behind her, began to saw
rhythmically back and forth in and out of her soft depths without mercy.
His thick shaft pulled the tiny ridges of her pink, clasping flesh out with
the base of his prick as it withdrew. She heaved a sigh of trembling
relief, hoping the torture had finally ceased, but before she could relax
her loins, he viciously lunged it deep inside her again. His grunt of
pleasure mounted as each thrust drove into her harder and harder, crushing
his sweating weight against her with wild ecstatic abandon. He continued to
saw in and out of her with amazing rapidity, faster and faster, until
suddenly a breathless gasp escaped from his wide open mouth and she felt
the hot waves of his sperm shoot deeply into her dilated rectum, filling
her to the bursting point with warm, sticky wetness. Then, as suddenly as
it had begun, the unbearable pain receded. Her drug induced sensuality
smothered her body as she felt the hot powerful spurts surge wildly into
her and she began to grind her ass crazily up against his deflating penis,
not wanting the sweet torture to end, milking it to the last drop of his
warm, wet seminal fluid. Erik groaned above her, muttering incoherently,
his flabby body completely spent. Now he gave one last utterance of
complete satisfaction and collapsed over her, smashing her limp body
beneath him on the floor. Hours later, Thea woke next to the naked man,
snoring heavily beside her own nude body. Remembering her debasement, her
first thought was to ram the gold letter opener, which gleamed in the night
lamp of his desk, deep into his fat expanded belly. But she quickly brushed
the murderous thought from her mind, knowing that Erik was her only
contact. Already ripples of nausea were attacking her insides and her body
was drenched in a clammy cold sweat brought on by withdrawal from the drug.
She had to have a fix right now. At first she thought of awakening him, but
decided instead to try and find the drug herself. She was almost certain
that it was hidden somewhere in his desk, the meticulous bastard, probably
in a hidden panel. She groped her way over to the desk, barely able to move
her tortured limbs, and lightly ran her trembling fingers under the bottom
panel of the middle drawer. Inside a grooved crevice that served as a
support, the tip of her finger finally came into contact with a round
plastic button, and she knew she had found his hiding place. Glancing over
her shoulder to make sure Erik was still in a deep sleep, she pressed
against the plastic button slowly until she felt resistance. Instantly, a
hidden side panel opened revealing the precious powdered drug that her
whole being now depended upon for survival. Moistening the tip of her
forefinger, she dipped it into the crystalline powder and pressed it to her
tongue. She grimaced at the bitter taste it left in her mouth, but now she
was sure it was the real thing, and even better, it was pure and uncut. She
eagerly searched through the other contents in the drawer and to relief
found all the necessary equipment that she needed to take a fix. A roll of
cotton, a spoon, matches, a hypodermic needle, a heavy rubber tourniquet,
and an eyedropper bottle filled with distilled water completed the kit. She
smiled wryly to herself, no doubt the slimy creep had enticed other victims
to his lair to suffer these horrible indignities just as she had tonight.
Quickly dismissing the disgusting thought, she wrapped the rubber
tourniquet around her upper arm and secured it tightly with a metal clamp.
Next, she placed a small amount of heroin in the spoon, dissolving it into
a clear liquid with a few drops of distilled water from the eyedropper and
lit a match under the base of the spoon, heating the solution to
approximately body temperature. Placing a small piece of cotton in the bowl
of the spoon, she strained the solution through the cotton to rid the
liquid of impurities, and drew it up into the syringe through the needle.
With shaking hands, she bent the crook of her elbow until the large veins
under the pressure of the tourniquet popped up, visibly throbbing under the
surface of her transparent white flesh. She then proceeded to inject the
full contents of the hypo into her system and leaned back with relief,
waiting for the drug to react. Her senses returned moments later as the
drug brought satisfaction to her craving body. She looked over at Erik who
was still snoring loudly, and cringed at the fatty mass of flesh sprawled
naked over the carpet with his legs spread lewdly open, exposing the ugly
withered penis that now looked gray and completely devoid of life. He was
out cold. Making a quick decision, she took the packet containing the drug
and stuffed it into her purse. A small enough reward, she thought, for the
obscene debasement that pig had subjected her to. This supply would last
her for months after it had been cut, and by then she would be out of the
country with all the money she needed to purchase other supplies. She
hurriedly dressed and softly tip-toed down the stairway, smiling to herself
as she pictured the look on Erik's face when he woke to discover the theft.
Maybe this would teach him a lesson about the old adage of never mixing
business with pleasure, she mused as she turned on the ignition and drove
slowly through the morning mist back down the road to Brookdale Lodge.



              Chapter 7

   It was morning again at Brookdale and small traces of life began to stir
around the old mansion as one by one, its occupants, each with their own
thoughts, prepared themselves for the day ahead. In his private apartment
on the top floor, Dr. Quinn splashed cold water on his face, washing the
sleep from his blood shot eyes, and peered thoughtfully back at his image
in the mirror. All in all things were going even better than he had
originally planned, for he was already a month ahead of schedule in the
preparations of his hormone injections and if all went well today, he would
be ready to start the long awaited tests on Garth tonight. Last night he
had made a strong breakthrough in testing the stimuli effects of his new
hormone on the response of a male chimp who, by nature, indifferently will
mount his female counterpart, and with no more than a dozen thrusts or so,
will ejaculate with little sign of facial expression or excitement, then
walk away from her when he is finished. The female, in turn never appears
to experience any kind of climax and remains docile and disinterested
through the entire procedure. This attitude, when compared to human
response was so dry and unanimated, that months before, Dr. Quinn had
programmed a series of injections for both primates, keeping them in
separate cages until the entire dosage had built up in their bodies to a
predetermined level, and last night he had entered the lab with his
notebook and paired the two creatures, recording their following responses.
The experiment had been dramatically successful, with the two monkeys
leaping on each other like a pair of sex-starved humans, the male being so
potent that Dr. Quinn later was forced to enlist the help of Garth to
separate him from his mate, then gave the chimp a tranquilizer to stop his
screeching rage. The female had been equally eager in her participations
and tried to attack Garth when he had entered the cage to retrieve the
male. The stimulating effect of the hormone was more successful than he had
hoped, and tonight, after he had started the first series of injections on
Garth, he would be able to record his first reactions to this most complex
solution that had taken so long to develop. Soon, Garth would be ready for
testing, but until that time, just to be on the safe side, he would have to
lock him up in one of the larger cages to keep him under control. His next
problem would be to find a suitable mate for the experiments, but he would
have plenty of time to decide that later. Right now, he would go down to
the lab and start a fresh experiment on the two chimps, then take a break
to consume a large country breakfast that Nell always prepared for him each
morning. On the floor below, Nell was already up and around her room,
neatly placing the spread over her pillow and wedging her hand beneath it,
forming a straight crease under the fold. She walked over to the wooden
framed window and opened the panel wide, sucking in the fresh morning air,
expanding her matronly chest to its fullest capacity. Thoughts of Lisa
still dominated her lewd mind as she remembered the night before when she
had creeped into the sleeping girl's room and had slowly taken the fullest
advantage of the situation. When she had first entered the room the night
before, it was partially illuminated by a small night light that threw a
pink glow over Lisa's youthful, curved torso. Her breathing came in slow
deep breaths which remained undisturbed at Nell's attempts to test her
consciousness. Her long golden strands of hair flowed away from her white
forehead and softly draped the edges of the fluffy white pillow, and her
bud-shaped lips were slightly parted and tinged with a soft pink blush that
matched the faint glow on her cheeks. Long, thick matted eyelashes fringed
the tips of her lids and brushed softly down on her face, which was now
peacefully slackened in a drugged sleep. Standing naked by the beautiful
girl, Nell had gently pulled back the bed covers, and feasted her eyes on
the soft voluptuous body laying helpless beneath her lewd stare. The sheer
flowered nightgown had crept over Lisa's thighs, fully exposing her shapely
legs and the ripe whiteness of her thighs. Dark, silken strands of downy
pubic hair covered her vaginal opening, contrasting sharply against the
background of white translucent flesh. Breathing heavily, Nell reached down
and worked the flimsy material over the girl's full rounded breasts until
her body was completely exposed to her lustful cravings. Beads of
perspiration formed on her wrinkled forehead and trickled down the side of
her face as she slowly eased her bulky body down over her helpless prey,
who was completely unaware and unable to defend herself from the unnatural
love-act that followed. Hours later, when Nell had finally satiated her
lust and cravings she had crept back to her room safe from detection. The
slamming of a car door momentarily startled her and she looked out the
window just in time to see Thea entering the back door to the kitchen. At
the time, she had vaguely wondered where Thea had been night prowling, but
was relieved that she hadn't run into her outside in the hall. That was a
close call, she thought as she drifted off into a restless sleep, I'll have
to be more careful the next time. In another room far down the corridor,
the sleepy haze that dimmed Lisa's vision gradually cleared and the
unfamiliar room slowly came into focus as she tried to blink away the
sleep. When she grew accustomed to the light, her eyes traveled around the
room, searching for an object to identify with, over the dingy ceiling and
faded wallpaper, up to the antique canopy that covered her bed. Stretching
her graceful limbs, she yawned and sat up on the edge of the bed, then with
great effort stood up and made her way to the bathroom. Her legs felt
wobbly and weak and her stomach twitched nervously inside her as she gulped
the cold water from the bathroom tap. She could vividly remember the
strange dreams and nightmares that had pervaded her sleep all night, and
decided to use the tranquilizers more sparingly in the future. The drug had
a strange effect on her body, which was now drenched in a clammy sweat that
had a strange musty odor to it, and even her night gown, which had been
freshly laundered, was now wrinkled and stale, even one of the side seams
had loosened and was coming apart. She quickly showered and dressed, then
stood before the mirror combing out the thick tangles of hair until they
fell free once more in soft waves around her shoulders. She opened the
bedroom door and made her way downstairs quietly so she would not disturb
the others in their rooms. When she reached the foot of the stairs, she
looked around the corner into the living room but it was still quiet. She
went into the kitchen, hoping that Nell or Thea would be there but it was
empty, and not knowing what to do until the others came in, decided to go
back up to her room and wait. It was then that she noticed the door to the
basement, slightly ajar, menacingly inviting her to explore the dark
interiors below. She could remember now the small windows on the outside of
the mansion when she had first come to Brookdale, and at the time her
curiosity had been aroused by the mysterious lights that had glowed from
within. Cautiously, she placed her hand on the wooden panel and slowly
opened the door, trying to adjust her eyes to the darkness. The morning
light burst through the opening exposing a rickety stairway, but beyond
that she could see nothing but blackness. Looking around to see that no one
was watching, she stepped through the doorway and slowly inched her way
down the creaking stairs, guiding herself with one hand on the railing and
the other held out in front of her blindly groping its way, until gradually
her eyes became accustomed to the dimmed interior. Signs of neglect were
strewn around as far as her squinting eyes could see . . . peeling, faded
wallpaper curled away from the wall and broke and fell to the stairway as
her trembling hand brushed over it. Cobwebs, intricately spun, hung
undisturbed from the corners of the low ceiling, while all around her the
air became gradually stale with a dampened mustiness as she slowly
descended farther and farther down the staircase. Lisa knew that she should
turn and go back, sensing instinctively that something evil was lurking
below in the depths of the cavern she was now entering. Dr. Quinn was a
strange incomprehensible person, almost inhuman, she thought as she
remembered his cold penetrating eyes, almost devoid of emotion. He must be
up to something that he was trying to hide, she reasoned or why else would
he choose to work in such a foreboding atmosphere. Even before she opened
the laboratory door, she was sure she had guessed right and was determined
to find out the reason for all his secrecy. The door to the laboratory was
faintly outlined at the foot of the stairs from a bluish glowing light that
beamed behind it. Lisa pressed her ear tightly against it to see if she
could hear anything, but no sound could be heard from within. She hesitated
for a moment, not certain what to do, then slowly turned the steel door
knob. It was unlocked. She pulled it open with a concentrated effort to be
as silent as possible, and peered inside the laboratory, mewing its
contents with a gasp of surprise. Under the bluish hew of large fluorescent
lights, gleamed the equipment of a large, fully equipped modern scientific
laboratory, lending sharp contrast to the decaying entrance through which
she had just passed. Long aluminum counters lined the walls of the room,
holding assortments of strangely shaped glass bottles and tubes which were
filled with liquids of varied consistency and colors. Coppered-toned
electric filaments connected to panels in the wall entwined many of the
glass containers, while others simmered unattended over small individual
hot plates. Over the counters, the walls were lined with shelves that were
fully loaded with amber-colored jars each meticulously labeled and dated.
In the center of the room, was a large double sink that had large chrome
spigots and knobs protruding from it. On one side was a dual hose attached
to a small circulating pump, which connected two plastic tubs that
contained a pink foamy liquid. Lisa stared at the bright liquid as it was
circulated from one tub to the other, while the low drone of the pump
whirred without a miss, mixing the slowly evaporating chemicals to a
predetermined consistency. The motor seemed to be controlled by a time
clock that was connected to the side of the strange looking device. With
growing fascination, Lisa carefully closed the door behind her and ventured
further into the interior of the laboratory. It was a strange mysterious
place she thought, staring at the gleaming metal and glass. She had never
seen anything like it before in her life. Suddenly, she jumped as a loud
animal shriek came from somewhere in back of the room, piercing the sterile
room with a sound of unmistakable agonized torment. Her eyes darted to the
direction of the sound and spotted a group of clustered cages against the
far wall of the laboratory. As she drew nearer to the area of the
imprisoned animals, the sterile environment changed. She could smell the
pungent sour odor of animal excretions which invaded her nostrils, leaving
her light headed and dizzy from the impact. Her eyes widened with amazement
at the collection of animals entrapped in the cages, ranging in size from
that of a shoe box to a large steel-bared structure at the very back of the
grouping that was as large as a small room. This was the only empty cage of
the group. The smaller cages contained large black and white rats that
scurried around aimlessly inside, sniffing blindly at the air with their
pointed whiskered noses. Lisa cringed and moved on to the larger cages
which housed various breeds of rabbits, and stopped to stroke the fur of
one that was leaning against the bars, seemingly asleep. As soon as her
hand touched the rabbit, it leaped in the air as if electrified and lunged
at her fingers through the bars, viciously snapping at the air in a futile
attempt to dig its pointed teeth into her flesh. Lisa jumped back in horror
and surprise at the animal's uncharacteristic aggressiveness. With greater
caution, she slowly moved on to the next pair of cages which were spaced
several feet apart and contained two chimps. The male chimp was sitting
quietly in the far corner of his cage in a Buddha-like position, gazing at
her with a drugged indifference, but as soon as the female chimp noticed
her presence, she became hysterical, screeching and jumping around the cage
with a maniacal frenzy. Lisa stiffened and leaned against the wall in
fright, not understanding the strange reactions of the imprisoned animals.
It was at that moment that she heard the door of the laboratory open and
Dr. Quinn's voice calling across the room to the chimp. Lisa froze with
panic, wondering what the doctor would do to her if he caught her spying on
him. As his heels clicked against the tiled floor, nearer and nearer to
where she stood, her eyes spotted a large packing crate and she dodged
behind it just as he rounded the corner. "Calm down, Gina," he spoke in a
soothing tone, and then glanced over to the other cage, "your mate will be
revived shortly, and you can have your fun." He addressed the animal as if
it were human, and at the sound of his voice, the chimp immediately ran to
the far corner of the cage, making small whimpering voices and screwing her
face up at him with wild hate-filled eyes. Lisa could see Dr. Quinn through
the thin cracks of the wooden crate. He wore a white lab coat and was now
busily taking notes on a loose-leaf tablet, pausing momentarily to study
Gina's reactions, then continuing on to finish his notes. When he had
finished, he reached down to his black leather bag and pulled out a large
hypodermic needle and a small glass vile that contained a bright pink
liquid, identical to that in the circulating tubs, and expertly transferred
the mixture from the vial to the needle. He dabbed the point with a swab of
cotton and cautiously opened the cage of the male chimp, still sifting in a
dazed trance, watching the doctor approach him with disinterested eyes.
"Over here boy . . . over here," Dr. Quinn called softly to him as he waved
the needle in front of his line of vision as though tempting him with a
delicate morsel of food. As soon as the chimp saw the needle he quickly
scampered over to the open door of the cage and lifted his arm obediently
in response to his master's command. Lisa watched thunder-struck at the
monkey's reaction as Dr. Quinn emptied the pink solution into the hairy
primate's upper arm, then placed him in the cage with the female.
Immediately, the pair starting dancing around each other in circles
building themselves into what seemed like a sexual frenzy, screeching and
slapping at each other with wildly flailing arms. The female chimp began to
move her hips in a wild jerking motion, but each time the male approached
her, she would swing out at him, trying to strike him down. After several
attempts and different angles of approach, each met with the same reaction
from the female, the male flew into an uncontrolled rage, attacking the
female by viciously pounding down on her head with his closed fists. The
female turned away from him in retreat with her hands clasped over her
head, fully exposing her backsides to his wild and unrelenting attack. The
male grabbed down at her asscheeks and inserted himself into her with hard
gyrating smacks, while his loud animal grunts resounded from the cage,
exciting the other trapped animals with a chaotic effect. They all began
running wildly in circles around their cages, bumping into each other and
into the steel bars, screeching and howling in frenzied confusion, while
Dr. Quinn observed the sadistic scene with a strange pleasure-filled gleam
in his eyes. Lisa stared in disbelief as the mad man slowly dropped his
cool detached facade, and gloated openly at the tormented flailing animal
bodies around him, his notebook now forgotten as the sex-crazed animals
shrieked louder and louder in frustration. He's mad . . . he's mad! She
thought as the panic knotted in her stomach and her wildly pounding heart
felt like it was going to leap from her throat. The loud animal sounds
pounded in her head at a more intense pitch, as she pressed against the
crate to keep from losing the balance of her numbed legs now giving under
the pressure of her awkward squatting position. To her horror, the crate
gave way from her weight and toppled over with a resounding crash. Dr.
Quinn glared down in amazement at the cringing girl, now sprawled
helplessly beneath him on the cold tile floor, her eyes locked on his with
terrified fright. Slowly, for what seemed like an eternity, the wild look
left his face, the cool composure returned, and he finally spoke with grim
command. "Get up off that floor, and stand on your feet." His voice did not
waver or hesitate, but took the tone of a parent reprimanding a naughty
child. Lisa obediently rose to her feet trembling with fear. She kept her
head bowed with her eyes lowered to the floor for fear that he could see
the terror within them. He had to be truly mad, depraved beyond reasoning
to show such thorough enjoyment at such cruel experimentations. His abrupt
Jeckle-and-Hyde personality change frightened her even more than if he had
continued his ravings. He really thought he was sane and right, with his
cold inhumane laboratory tests, she thought, fighting back the panic. She
could tell by the tone in his voice. "I'll hear your explanation now for
this untimely intrusion into my private laboratory. Maybe you didn't
realize it before, Miss Carter, but I'll make myself clear right now. I
despise being spied upon. Lisa tried to force the words out with a steady
voice but they came in short gasps. "I . . . I saw the door open upstairs,
and came down here to see where the stairs led . . ." she paused, her mind
racing wildly for a more acceptable explanation, but he didn't give her
time to think. "Is that right, Miss Carter. And did you see anything in my
lab that you thought a bit unusual?" "No . . . no . . . I was fascinated by
all the equipment." "And you didn't think I would be angry at finding you
here?" "No . . . No, I didn't." "And my experiments, Miss Carter. Do you
perhaps view them as bit strange or perverse?" "No . . . not at all," she
stammered. "Then why did you hide," he interrupted harshly, "and why are
you now looking at me like I'm mad?" The tears she had been holding back
burst forth as she completely lost control and lashed back at him, unable
to take his cold questions while all the time the shrieks of tormented
animals roared around them. "You are mad . . . completely and insanely
cruel!" she screamed back at him. "You're the one that should be in a cage,
not the animals!" "We'll see who belongs in a cage," he snarled, grabbing
both her arms and pinning them behind her back. Lisa struggled to escape
his strong grip, but his brute force was overpowering. He dragged her over
to the large cage and shoved her inside, locking the door behind her. Dr.
Quinn stepped back from the cage and eyed his beautiful captive with a
lustful craving in his eyes. He didn't care now what emotions Lisa saw on
his face, she was trapped now completely at his mercy, like the two chimps
and the rest of the animals. Lisa lunged at the cage door and grabbed onto
the steel bars, shaking at them in hopeless fury, but the strong reinforced
metal stood firmly locked against her feeble rattlings. "You're surely
intelligent enough to realize, that you cannot escape. You're just wasting
your strength with your wild flailing." Dr. Quinn smiled lewdly at her
through the bars, totally relishing his new found power over the lovely
female animal locked in the cage. "I suggest that you save your strength,
my dear . . . You may need it later on." The menacing tone of his voice
penetrated Lisa's hysterical mind as the meaning behind his words struck
cold terror deep within her. "What do you mean?" she asked, staring back at
him unblinking. "I demand that you release me at once. What you're doing is
monstrous!" "Monstrous? Really my dear," he mused, "you are hardly in the
position to demand anything. After you've calmed down, I'll tell you about
my experiment . . . maybe I'll even think of a way to enlist your
participation." Lisa stared back at him, her eyes widened with terror, as
he calmly adjusted his lab coat, straightened his tie, turned his back on
her, and walked out of the lab to join the others for a leisurely country
breakfast.



              Chapter 8

   The frenzied shrieks of the lust incited animals continued on for what
seemed like an eternity, driving Lisa's nerve-racked body further into the
depths of despair. She knew now without a doubt that the man holding her
prisoner was madly insane, and she had to think . . . she must think of a
way to escape. But how? Dr. Quinn had her exactly where he wanted her. She
knew that. She could tell from the lewd look on his face that he enjoyed
seeing her locked up like the rest of the trapped animals, and no telling
what vile plans he had in mind for her. She stopped her pitiful sobbing and
a cold fear ran through her body, as she thought of the power he now had
over her, and what cruel acts Dr. Quinn was capable of performing. She knew
that she must think of some way to get a message out to Thea or Nell
without him discovering what she was doing. Surely, she thought, neither of
them had any knowledge of his lewd experiments. Lisa looked around the cage
for some object or material that she could use to convey a message to
someone upstairs, but the entire area was bare except for the mattress that
covered the floor. The cage itself was sturdily constructed and reinforced
so that it would almost be impossible to break out of, and the only opening
besides the heavily barred door was a small trap door on the side that was
just large enough to squeeze a small child through. She thought of
screaming at the top of her lungs in the chance that someone might hear
her, but she knew that would be hopeless because the walls of the
laboratory were covered with acoustical soundproofing panels, designed to
absorb the loudest of sounds. Oh God, if these crazed animals don't stop
howling, I'll go out of my mind. The loudest noise came from the chimp's
cage, and although she had purposely been avoiding the sickening sight of
the two animals ravaging each other's body, the menacing sound of a shrill
grunting noise forced her attention in that direction. Her mouth gaped open
and her eyes widened in revulsion at the sight of the two hairy creatures
pounding into each other as though they were trying to destroy one another.
She was horrified as she watched the male chimp ramming the full length of
his throbbing cock inside the moist interior of his mate, while at the same
time she savagely slammed her buttocks back at him just as viciously. Both
chimps' mouths were agape and pulled tightly over their teeth in a half
pain filled, half mocking expression. Saliva ran down the sides of their
face, and their breath came in short fast gasps. Oh no . . . somebody stop
them she thought, before the poor dumb creatures kill themselves. But her
silent pleas went unanswered as the male chimp dug his fingers deeper into
the poor female's hairy belly and screwed on wildly into her ever expanding
passage. Lisa could hear the slap of his swollen balls and see his long
thick cock pistoning in and out with rhythmic beats, battering at the
vagina as though it was his last moment on earth. She tried to close her
eyes and shut off the sight of the brutal animal fucking taking place so
close in front of her, but she remained involuntarily hypnotized by the
cruel bestial assault. Suddenly, the female let out a loud groan and fell
to the floor of the cage as her legs finally buckled beneath her, but the
male continued beating into her, falling with her collapsed body without
missing a stroke. His hairy body was now a ball of sheer uncontrolled lust
that was unleashing itself completely against the pleading moans of his
mate. The chimp's power and energy seemed unlimited as he continued on and
on, lunging and pounding at the hairy heap beneath him until no sound or
protest could be heard from the female. Her head was twisted grotesquely to
the side of her body now, and her sightless eyes stared blankly at the
direction of Lisa's cage, as her limp and unfeeling body absorbed her
sex-crazed mate, still slamming into her with wild abandon, The lewd death
stare coming from the battered female chimp horrified Lisa to the very
depth's of her being, breaking the hypnotic trance that had engulfed her
moments before. She could hear her own voice now screaming and shouting at
the dumb male animal to stop, but he continued his ceaseless screwing,
either not knowing or caring that his mate was dead. There was nothing Lisa
could do now and she turned away from the terrifying, yet pitiful sight,
burying her face in the mattress as if in an attempt to close off the
brutal reality of the grotesque scene before her. An hour had passed, maybe
two, she was not certain now of anything except that she was huddled and
cringing on the floor of the cage with her hands pressed so tightly over
her ears that her whole head ached and vibrated with tormenting ringing
sounds, though she thought she could hear a distant voice calling her name.
She rolled over on her back and opened her eyes. She froze as they came
into immediate contact with Dr. Quinn, leering down at her on the other
side of the bars, holding a tray of food in front of him. "Well, Lisa, I'm
glad to see you've finally controlled yourself. I've brought you some
breakfast. Nell prepared it especially for you," he added, opening the
small trap door and pushing the tray through the narrow opening. Lisa
cringed and backed away as he inched the tray in her direction, extending
his hands and arms as far into the cage as the open passage would allow. He
lifted the chrome lid from the tray, esposing an enormous meal that was
large enough to feed two people. The smell of the bacon and eggs and the
thought of eating while crouched in this cage surrounded by filthy animals,
sickened her to the point of nausea and she turned away from the platter in
disgust. Wild thoughts ran through her mind as the despair and hopelessness
of her entrapment came back into focus. If Nell had prepared the tray of
food for him, then she must know that she was a prisoner down here. Oh God!
She must know. Dr. Quinn impatiently stepped back and let the trap door
slain shut. He was not certain yet what he was going to do with the
uncooperative little bitch now cowering in the corner of the cage, but he
knew she would be very useful for certain phases of his experiments. "Suit
yourself, but I assure you that in a few hours, you'll regret not eating
now. As I said before you'll need your strength. I've decided to include
you in part of my hormone experiments." Lisa backed even further away from
him until her shoulders were pressed painfully against the cold bars of the
cage. She could hardly believe her ears as she listened to his words, and
the tone of his voice implied that he was actually paying her a compliment!
"You look shocked, my dear. You shouldn't be. Actually you're the most
eligible female specimen here at Brookdale." His eyes clinically undressed
and slowly appraised her body as if she were being surveyed and analyzed
under a microscope, while he continued talking, now more to himself than to
her. "Yes, the perfect specimen. Young . . . strong, with a high endurance
rate. Lush . . . ripe, a generous span between the hip bones . . . yes, I
think of great capacity . . ." His voice trailed off into silence as his
cruel eyes bulged and widened the longer they drank in her youthful beauty,
then fused into a hypnotic stare as his lewd mind pictured perverted
fantasies of her ravishment. It was easy for him to visualize the beautiful
girl lying on her back in total submission to a rampaging mate, with her
lithe supple body tightly pulling him into her with an equally savage burst
of hot and uncontrolled passion. He smiled to himself for he knew that the
powerful stimulus of his newly developed hormone would be capable of
turning his pornographic thoughts into reality. His mouth began to salivate
as he thought of her groaning piteously beneath her conqueror while he
plunged and twisted into her vagina with the inhuman strength of a
superman. What pleasure he would derive from watching this uncontrollable
little wench being used and debauched until she was of no more use than the
lifeless female chimp, now balled up in a limp hairy heap in the cage
beside her. Perhaps then, the torment he had felt all his life from all the
beautiful, yet unobtainable bitches just like her, would cease, and later,
when the hormone was completely tested for controlled consumption, he would
be able to start a new life. Right now, he wanted to get near her and
explore her body to the fullest so that he would know her true capacity
before starting any of the tests. His hands involuntarily trembled with
subdued excitement in anticipation of kneading and probing at her soft
resilient flesh and watching it gave way under the pressure of his strong
firm fingers. But first, he would have to coax her into taking the strong
sedative that he had stirred into the orange juice, after that his task
would be easy and quite enjoyable. "Come now Lisa . . . Nell will be
disappointed if I have to take the tray back untouched." Lisa relaxed a
little when he spoke, thinking that at least the menacing, moronic look had
left his face. But she didn't relax completely for she knew now that he was
so sly and quick that she was unable to predict his reactions. "N-N-Nell,"
she stammered, "she knows I'm locked up downs here?" "Of course she does.
Nell knows everything that goes on around Brookdale. That's part of her
job." He paused and glowered across at her, letting the full impact of her
helplessness sink in. He could see her eyes completely dilated with fear
now as she wondered how many others were participating in the inhuman
conspiracy. "W-W-Where's my aunt? Does she . . . does she . . ." "Oh come
now Lisa. How do you expect me to divulge all this private information to
you when you don't seem to want to cooperate with me even in the slightest
extent. Drink your orange juice, at least, and perhaps we can continue the
conversation." Lisa obediently gulped down the orange juice and winced as
the tangy liquid burned at the back of her throat, now hoarse and raw from
sobbing. She had to find out what her chances were of escape for she still
had some hopes of getting out, though with each minute that pawed they were
getting dimmer and more futile. Dr. Quinn watched her drain the last drops
from the glass and seemed satisfied for the moment. "Your aunt is ill . . .
or shall we say a bit incapacitated at the moment. From what Nell told me
at breakfast, she's apparently stumbling around her room in a drugged
stupor . . . brought on by a strong dose of Heroin. I wouldn't lean too
heavily on seeking her help, if that was what you were thinking of. You may
be in for a big disappointment. "H-H-eroin . . . not Aunt Thea, she
couldn't . . ." Lisa's voice trailed off as she stared at him with
disbelieving eyes, but from the steady, sure way he looked back at her, she
knew he must be telling the truth. Besides, what possible reason would he
have to lie to her now that he had her trapped with no conceivable way of
escape? Still, it was hard to believe that her haughty aunt would get
herself into a position so helpless as drug addiction. She shuddered,
thinking of how the drug could so completely tear down a person's mental
and physical being, in most cases, to the point of no return. What hidden
despair could have driven her to such a desperate position? Lisa could
remember the movies shown in her biology class at school that profoundly
demonstrated the physical deterioration of real life addicts going through
different stages of addiction and withdrawal. The last segment of the study
had shown a woman completely nude with the entire surface of her body
scarred from the constant insertion of a hypodermic needle. This particular
victim had been taking three regular injections a day before she was
arrested, and had told the authorities that when a needle wasn't available,
she would cut into her veins with a razor blade to insure quick absorption
of the drug. After years of this mutilation, gradually all of her veins
collapsed except the jugular, and she had to carry a special card around
with her in case of an accident where she might need an emergency
transfusion. The poor woman, now more a vegetable than human, had finally
resorted to prostitution and theft to support her habit, and lived in
constant fear that she might not be able to get the next fix. The thought
of the destroyed woman in the film had sickened Lisa at the time, and would
remain burned in her memory for ever, as she realized what devastating
effects heroin could have on the human body. Until today, this woman was
how she had always pictured drug addicts . . . as the down and out misfits
of society, but now, there was the frightening reality of addiction hitting
in her family, and to make matters even worse, at a time when Thea was her
last immediate hope for escape. Dr. Quinn walked over to the chimp's cage
and inspected the debris left by the two wildly copulating monkeys, shaking
his head in disgust. Rocco, the male chimp, now subdued and exhausted from
his tremendous physical exertion, was feeding quietly on some decaying
vegetables, showing no signs of interest in the dead female chimp whose
body remained stiffened in a grotesque kneeling position. "Garth! Come back
here and clean up this mess," he called out to some unseen person around
the corner. Lisa could hear an awkward shuffling sound approaching them,
then froze in terror as the most ugly man she had ever seen in her life,
came lumbering around the corner. He didn't even look human, and his entire
body covered with black, wiry hair except for a few bare patches on his
cheeks. The frightening monster that Dr. Quinn called Garth did not notice
her as he obediently approached his master to do the task at hand. "I want
you to put Rocco back in his cage and take Gina's body out to the furnace
for burning," he said coldly. Shock registered on the brute's face upon
hearing his master's command, then he ran over to the cage and peered
through the bars. "G-G-Gina? Is Gina hurt?" he asked incredulously,
entering the cage and kneeling beside the dead primate. He put his clumsy
over-sized hand on her face and turned it gently towards him until he could
see the blank, open eyes staring up at him. "Gina . . .? Gina girl, what's
wrong?" He didn't seem to comprehend that she was dead, and continued to
mumble pleading sounds to her until Dr. Quinn impatiently interrupted the
pathetic scene before him. "Gina is dead, Garth. She can't hear you, now or
ever, so stop that babbling and take her out to the furnace, the stench is
overwhelming." Garth leaned over and lovingly picked up the limp hairy ball
of fur, craddling her gently in his arms. When he looked over towards Dr.
Quinn with disbelief and sadness, Lisa could see tears streaming unchecked
from the dimwit's eyes, and at that moment, even with all his inhuman
ugliness, he reminded her of a young child crying over a dead pet. Seeing
this, her heart went out to him with compassionate sympathy for it was
clear that he had a very low mentality, and even though he must possess a
tremendous brute strength, was certainly no match for the sly Dr. Quinn. He
bent his head low, trying to hide his tears, then walked slowly past the
doctor and disappeared around the corner with his dead pet. Lisa let the
air release slowly from her lungs in relief now that the maimed animal was
no longer in her sight, then leaned back down on the mattress, pressing the
side of her hot swollen face against the cool fabric. Her whole body had a
strange floating feeling, giving her a sensation of a new weightlessness
and freedom. She had the sudden impulse to laugh as a surge of exhilaration
and well-being saturated her mind, and though she could give no reason for
this great release from the feeling of dread, she vaguely realized that
some strange substance had taken control of her consciousness. She rolled
over on her back and stretched her long tanned legs to their fullest
length, curling and uncurling her toes against the hard pressure of her
sandals. No longer caring about Dr. Quinn or his presence, she pulled her
graceful arms up into the air, then let them fall limply back on the
mattress over her head. This great wonderful feeling of total relaxation
was now completely absorbing her mind and body, untieing all of her tensed
muscles and releasing all fear from her mind. She was grateful for life and
for being alive, able to enjoy the cool comfort of her very own special
privacy. Gradually, her hate for Dr. Quinn was slowly facing into a
mellowed tolerance for him and for the unnatural cruelty that possessed
him. In her drugged state, Lisa had no way of realizing what a seductive
lust-inciting picture she made, sprawled back on the mattress with her legs
hanging loosely apart. A faint smile curved her bud-shaped lips slightly up
in a cupid expression and her silken golden hair was softly framing her
face, falling freely around her head and back onto the mattress. Her spine
arched slightly pressing her shoulders against the mattress, and bringing
her firm rounded breasts up to two pulsating peaks of tempting flesh. From
where he stood, Dr. Quinn had been cautiously observing Lisa's gradual
transition from a frightened, cowering girl to a deliciously seductive
creature, completely releasing herself from fear or inhibition. He knew
that she was now ready for his examination, and was just about to enter the
case when he heard Garth shuffling back into the laboratory. "Go upstairs
and help Nell for a while Garth. I'll ring for you later," he called across
the room to him. Garth nodded his head, and without a word desolately
plodded back towards the stairway, closing the door behind him. Dr. Quinn
unlocked the cage door with trembling, eager hands, and crawled into the
cage, kneeling over the luscious beautiful girl with lustful anticipation,
then lowered his hands and slowly cupped them over her firm, up-thrust
breasts, gently squeezing and releasing at them, taking thorough delight in
their youthful buoyancy. The smile remained softly curved on Lisa's lips as
she stared up at the ceiling out of the cage, now totally enslaved by the
drug, unable to consciously defend was free, drifting into another world,
unaware of her body from his sensual manipulations. Her mind right or wrong
. . . or the here and now, but in total submission to the titillating
sensations coming from the rigid nipples of her breasts. The soft torturing
sensations growing outward from the burning center of her fleshy mounds
began to melt and spread over the rest of her body, enveloping her
completely with burning desire. Her body was loose and yielding beneath
him, and she showed no sign of protest when he reached his hand up under
her dress and ran his fingers over the smooth surface of silken skin on her
inner thighs. Her youthful flesh was incredibly firm, yet soft and giving,
and warm. The warmth increased as his fingers drew nearer to her
nylon-covered crotch, now generating hot impulses from the deep passages of
her cunt. His trembling fingers grazed softly over the tightly stretched
nylon and he could feel the downy pubic hairs matting together, providing a
natural cushion that sloped into a darkened triangular area at the gates of
her inner softness. Shiny strands of pubic hairs had strayed from under the
nylon leg band of her panties and curled forward around the elastic,
lightly grazing the side of his hands as he dug his fingers under the band
and began probing the soft moistness at the outer folds of her vagina. He
massaged his fingers around and around in her unprotected openness, first
stroking and pulling lightly at the top of her soft pubic mound then
gradually working them into the now wet and well-lubricated slit of her
cunt. The moist tender lips between her open thighs gave way under the
pressure of his probing finger and their ragged edges curled hungrily
around the tip of his middle finger as it slowly forced its way deeper
inside of her. Dr. Quinn marveled down at her loveliness that was now
partially exposed. Her dress had hiked up to her narrow hour-glass waist,
uncovering the smooth white flesh of her thighs and hips. She was the total
picture of innocence. Her eyes fluttered and her smile loosened as his
thick firm finger made its way deeper and deeper into her inner passages.
He could feel her buttocks tighten beneath her as his manipulations grew
more intense and his finger snaked its way even further into her hot
throbbing hole until it had gone as deep as its length would permit. A
small moan hissed from her lips as the pressure of his knuckle pressed
against the rising bud of her exposed clitoris. Her dream-like state was
rocked to its foundations with hot longing as the sensation spread from her
clitoris and rippled up her trembling belly and out to the rigid pointed
nipples of her pulsating tits. By now, the narcotic had complete control of
her mind, releasing all inhibitions, and giving all power to her body's
demanding desires. Dr. Quinn could see her strong reaction to the drug and
he knew that he would now be able to do anything he wanted to her without
protest or struggle. The very sight of her responding so openly to his
grinding finger filled his own body with a lust and craving burning desire,
more powerful than he had ever felt before in his entire life. Hopefully,
he grabbed down at his crotch to feel if there was any life between his
legs, then gasped in disbelief. His cock was slightly rigid! Hurriedly, he
began to remove all of his clothing, not wanting to loose the spontaneity
of the moment or the precious rigidity of his usually dormant cock. The
void left in her vagina when he removed his finger further incited Lisa's
craving, straining body. She arched her back and pushed her lush hips up at
him, opening her legs wide apart and exposing the soft, pink lips of her
throbbing pussy. They seemed to be begging to him like a small mouth
pleading in unfulfilled torment. Her shoulders were dug deep into the
mattress and her face was flushed with a deep red tone from the intense
strain of her muscles. Her fingers curled down to her loin and pulled aside
the crotch band of her panties in lewd invitation. As he looked down upon
her pleading form, Dr. Quinn could stand no longer the intense, white-hot
desire building up inside of him and he threw himself over her, not waiting
to remove his shoes and socks. The impact of his body crushing down on
hers, smashed her curved back flat against the mattress as his half-rigid
cock partially imbedded itself into the outer folds of her lust dilated
cunt. Lisa moaned and undulated her hips hungrily forward towards his
prick, trying desperately to suck it deeper inside of her. She could feel
its spasmodic throbbing against the entrance of her vagina, wildly
straining to plunge itself deeper into her hot, liquid depths. The animal
part of her body was building her cravings to a peak of frenzied agonizing
torture and she unconsciously kicked her legs out wide to the side and
tightly wrapped them around his jerking hips to give his frail cock greater
access to her hot wet pussy. He held himself over her, bracing his weight
on the flat of his palms, and he could clearly see the agony and want in
her face, now contorted from her efforts to force him inside her, with her
pink lips pulled tightly back over her even, white teeth in a pained smile
of frustration. At that moment he wished he owned the largest stiffest cock
in the world so that he could plunge it up into her quivering belly till
she choked in pain. But, his strong desire to punish her and all the proud
bitches of her kind that had humiliated him all of his life by their
rejection could not be fulfilled by the useless limp prick that even now
was bending against the soft flesh of her open loins . . . unable to make a
firm entrance. His frustrations and hate burst forth and he began to
blindly rip away the cotton dress that covered her breasts until it lay in
shreds around her still straining body. He jerked roughly at the lacy cups
of her brassiere, tearing the flimsy material beyond recognition until her
firm rounded breasts burst forth, quivering from the stimulating roughness
and pull of the ripping material. She groaned huskily as he lifted his
buttocks over her hips and sat down on the flat of her stomach, while his
fingers began to knead mercilessly away at the white creamy spheres,
pinching and digging into them until they were almost completely covered
with deep red welts. She squirmed and twisted beneath him, trying to escape
the hot flashes of pain shooting into her helpless throbbing tits, but the
drug had completely paralyzed her. She was dreaming of s thousand tiny
demons attacking the sensuous naked parts of her body, driving her insane
with want and white, hot desire. Dr. Quinn began to slowly inch his
buttocks over the flat of her stomach and up over the soft resilient
breasts that slowly flattened under his weight, providing a soft velvet
cushion under his lust grinding body. He grabbed his limp penis and rubbed
the tip of it against her parted lips, hoping against hope that the
stimulation would bring life back to his softened penis. "Suck it, Lisa
darling, suck it!" he crooned as he pushed his hips forward, letting his
low-slung balls rest heavily down against her chin. Lisa gave no response,
but continued to whimper and moan in protest at the tiny demons rippling
out of control through her twitching body. Her passiveness enraged him and
he slapped down at her face with the open palm of his hand, crushing the
side of her face against the mattress. "Suck it, you bitch," he screamed
wildly down at her. The harsh, unexpected blow and obscene meaning of his
words penetrated her half-conscious state, bringing back the horrible
memory of Carl and the brutal fucking she had been forced to endure in the
back seat of the car. Once again, Carl was thrusting wildly between her
open legs cruelly spilling his lewd sperm into her and debasing her with
obscene humiliation. She could see the flames from his butane lighter
flickering over her face, drawing nearer and nearer to her exposed white
flesh. Her thoughts began to race wildly, thinking only of survival. No! .
. . No! She must not let him burn her. She must live! Without further
urging, Lisa obediently opened her mouth wide, and jerked her lips
convulsively forward, sucking the loose purple-veined cock between her
small sharp teeth and into the warm pulsating hollows of her cheeks. She
began to suck voraciously at the soft tender fleshed cock now planted
securely in her mouth, licking her tongue wildly around the ridges of the
head, not consciously aware of her hungry uninhibited attack. Dr. Quinn
momentarily lost himself in the deliciousness of the moment, pushing his
soft palpitating organ deeper into the warm moist opening of her lips and
straining with all of his concentration for an erection. He wanted more
than anything else, to shove his cock far down into the depths of her
throat until his cum filled her belly to the bursting point. Her licking
and sucking was driving him wild. Her tiny teeth punctuated the swirling
flesh of her tongue with a sharp nibbling sensation, pushing him beyond the
point of desperation and he felt helpless and of no use to her or himself
as his cock remained maddeningly dormant inside the warm cavern of her
mouth. Then he thought of the one equalizer he could use to fuck her
senseless as she deserved for tormenting him this way. He leaned back and
shoved her face away from him but her mouth continued sucking and licking
hungrily at an invisible penis as he hurried from the cage and ran over to
a small cabinet where he kept important records under lock and key.
Nervously working the combination of the lock, he quickly opened the door
of the cabinet and retrieved a black leather kit that was hidden in back.
He opened it, removing a large life-like dildo and without further
hesitation, strapped the rubbery penis onto him, letting its huge form
dangle loosely between his parted legs. It looked almost real and was
monstrous in size. He stroked at it as though it were really his own and
once again felt powerful and sure of himself. He now had an equalizer that
would make him complete master of her needs. There was a large jar of
lubricant that came with the kit, designed to help the dildo obtain an
easy, painless entrance. But he decided not to use it. He wanted to hear
her cries of pain and humiliation when he jammed the huge instrument inside
of her virginal cunt. When he finally returned to the cage, Lisa was
peacefully sleeping, her mouth now stilled and slack against her face. This
could only mean one thing. The strong sedative was wearing off sooner than
he had expected, and he made a quick decision to deviate from his lab
schedule and give her the first hormone injection while she was still in
her unconscious state. The needle slipped easily into the large vein in the
crook of her arm and the pink liquid was soon circulating through her body,
waking and stimulating every primitive lust filled want that could exist in
a human being. He could not wait for the young helpless girl to gain
consciousness, and quickly mounted her in the classical position, parting
the lips of her vagina with one hand as he guided the huge rubber cock at
her wet, moist opening with the other. He spread the crisp pubic hairs
apart, separating them from her soft pink pussy and guided the blunt tip
firmly and steadily into her, pushing against the resistance at the
opening, then straining deeper and deeper against the fleshy folds of her
tightly resisting vagina until he slid it slowly down into her deepest
depths. His balls slapped wetly against her upturned buttocks and now she
was wide open, completely impaled with the rubber shaft up to the hilt. He
finally had her where he wanted her and with the help of his dildo, he was
going to fuck her absolutely senseless. "Oooooooooh," she moaned, as the
impalement of her cunt brought her back to semi-consciousness. Her pleading
cries worked as a starting signal and he began to slowly, methodically fuck
the whole length of the fabricated penis in and out of her tight, sucking
cunt. "Aaaaaaaaah! Stop! . . . Please," she gurgled beneath him, though a
new strong urge within her began to slowly respond to the huge pistoning
shaft. Her hips began rotating in small sensuous circles around the searing
hotness buried deep inside her, its flames licking mercilessly out between
her legs, feeding on her wet cavern like a hungry feeding monster. Low,
animal grunts emerged from between her parted lips as she brought her legs
together and locked her heels behind his knees, desperately squeezing his
balls down tight against the crevice of her ass. Through the haze, she
could feel his hips writhing and straining, as he pounded into her body
without mercy as though he were trying to beat her to death with the brutal
buffeting of his flesh against hers. Dr. Quinn was gradually working
himself into an uncontrolled frenzy, with his eyes bulging from their puffy
sockets and his mouth agape as he heaved over the body of the wildly
fucking girl, trying to attain some sort of completion. He could feel her
pelvis firm and flush against his own, grinding and bucking in a wild
spontaneous rhythm of uninhibited lust. When he had first sunk the hard
rubber cock inside of her, the half-conscious part of her body had cried
out in futile protest, but now the evil hormone stimulation had taken over
her responses, stimulating her with a demonic lust that she had never
before possessed. Her hands clutched at his body frantically begging and
guiding his twisting hips, while at the same time, her buttocks ground back
in such frenzy that he knew he was in complete command and control. He
could see that she was coming closer and closer to orgasm and her whole
body was consumed and alive, clinging to the elusive sensations that would
lead her to completion. He reached down with his long fingers, curling them
tightly in the golden strands of hair that encircled her lust-contorted
face. He pulled down on them while he steadily increased the power of his
thrusts to a faster and more brutal tempo. He could feel the saliva in his
mouth growing and growing until suddenly it spilled over down the side of
his chin and ran in hot, wet droplets down on her face. His concentrated
effort in fucking the helpless girl into absolute senselessness had taken
full possession of him and he did not notice that Garth, the half-wit, had
unwittingly returned to the laboratory and was now watching them with a
child-like fascination. Garth had never seen two people making love before,
though he knew vaguely what was going on because of his close association
with the chimps. They had often rammed their bodies together not seeming to
mind that he or Dr. Quinn had been watching their lustful exercises. But
this was different, far removed from witnessing the two untamed animals go
at each other. Seeing the naked body of his master plunging into the
beautiful creature beneath him, broke the god-like image that had
surrounded his relationship with the cruel doctor. He was no longer the
powerful all-knowing master, but just another hungry animal pursuing his
satisfactions, like all the others. Garth forgot his mourning over the dead
Gina as his body began to react at the lewd scene of flesh slamming into
flesh in the cage before him. He could feel his tremendous hormone enlarged
cock stiffen and start to push against the pressure of his pants, sending a
strange agonizing pain from deep in his crotch to the rest of his ape-like
body. His face was covered with a deep red flush and he felt unable to
control the tormenting stimulation that was now spreading through him like
a rampant out of control brush fire on a dry summer day. His mind throbbed
and he didn't know what to do about his helpless torment, all he wanted was
to stop the excruciating pain in his giant inflated cock. He unzipped his
pants and grabbed wildly at the growing rod of flesh, but it jerked forward
even harder from the pressure of his grasp. He remembered once before after
watching Gina and Rocco screwing into each other how frustrated the sight
had left him. The doctor had been feverishly taking notes at the time, and
had not noticed the large bulge in the crotch of his pants or had seen the
agonized want in his eyes. That night, he had crept back into the
laboratory and entered Gina's cage, offering her a banana, then stroking at
her soft fur as she greedily devoured the fresh fruit. She gave no sign of
protest when his fingers began kneading at the soft moist confines of her
crotch, but whimpered appreciatively at his gentle probings. He worked his
body around behind her, just as he had seen Rocco, her mate, do all the
while petting and whispering to her with a gentle coaxing sound that she
always seemed to respond to. His cock grew instantly and its blood-filled
head jerked forward, seeking the tiny, but flaccid, nest of the chimps
cuntal passage. It was warm and open, and his huge fleshy shaft quickly
penetrated the shallow depths only half-emerging it's stiffness in the
small chimp's resilient vagina. Gina had been trained with the doctor's
hormone to take on a mate with complete obedience, so she automatically
bent forward, resting her weight on the knuckles of her hands as Garth
began to slowly pump his way in and out of her. His largeness overwhelmed
the small monkey and short squeaks of protest followed each plunging
in-thrust with a moan of subservient protest. His completion came rapidly
that night as the friction from her tight hole quickly milked him dry. The
great relief that followed his spasmodic fucking flooded through him and he
felt a great peaceful calmness take over his muddled feelings as he let his
limp cock soak in the pools of his expended sperm until it grew cold from
the night air. That night with Gina followed many other nights, and as the
weeks passed into months, a silent communicable bond formed between the man
and the animal that was linked by more than just physical assertion. He
felt a strange love for the small chimp and he was always careful to be
gentle with her, never wanting to hurt her, because she was the one living
thing that was capable of bringing happiness into his lonely life. Today
all that was ended when he poured the gasoline over her lifeless body, then
stood by while the flames in the furnace engulfed her body, and burned her
into a pile of gray ash. His misery was hardly contained now as he watched
the two forms of human flesh hungrily feeding upon each other with complete
abandon. The lovely young blonde creature was gyrating her body with such
uncontrolled abandon beneath his master that she seemed to be in the throes
of death, while his penis continued to piston into her wet, open slit as
though it were trying to rip her wide asunder. Garth could see the foreskin
of his prick that looked strangely hard and unyielding, not really like
human skin at all. But his balls looked pliant enough, as they smacked in
two round globular circles at the moist, open crevice of her wide-spread
buttocks. He crept closer to the cage so that he could get a better new.
His hands continued to pump and caress at his cock, though the
manipulations only seemed to be building his passions to a higher
intensity. He sucked in his breath as the narrow red slit of her vagina
came into view, glistening under the bluish lights that burned brightly
over them. It was completely exposed and open to his bulging eyes,
contracting, opening and closing with each brutal lunge that came from the
rigid, rubber-like cock. As their bodies bucked together rhythmically, her
white, flaccid breasts jiggled and trembled beneath the doctor's hairless
chest, their suction emitting a soft whomping noise, chiming rhythmically
into the wet slapping sound of his belly smacking against hers. The
strongest of desires filled the half-wit's body, for he wanted to have that
blonde beauty even more than Gina, but he knew that was not possible now
that the doctor was with her. He began to pump furiously at his cock as
Lisa's groans filled his head with all kinds of beautiful thoughts of him
being inside of her. Her groans grew louder and more pleading and he shut
his eyes tightly, pretending that she was calling to him, begging him to
pump it into as his master was doing right before his gaping eyes. And then
it happened! His monstrous cock jerked forward to its fullest length and
began ejaculating all over the floor, as his body shuddered under the
impact of the powerful release of fluid. He grabbed down at his huge
ballooned balls with his free hand, digging into them with his fingers to
feel the wondrous debating of the soft globes But he never took his eyes
off the couple in the cage, especially the beautiful writhing girl twisting
and churning beneath the desperately driving body lodged between her
widespread legs. Lisa could feel the muscles of her vaginal walls giving
painfully under the pressure of the giant rubber cock ricocheting around
inside her womb, threatening by its pounding intensity to tear her wide
apart. But her quivering passage took the brutal punishment and begged for
more and more, as her own white hot juices flowed around it and clasped at
it as though it were real. The powerful, sensuous feeling deep within her
loins was driving her insane. She never wanted the rapacious fucking of her
young virginal body to stop. She couldn't live without it. Her hands
reached desperately up and locked themselves around the back of his neck,
pulling his face to hers, and began to suck wildly as his stir, pointed
tongue swirling around inside her small, bud-shaped lips. Their saliva
mixed together in gurgling waves, as she sucked and bit at his tongue,
swallowing all the moisture she could pull from it. She was almost there.
She could feel it! The never before attained peak of deliciousness had
grown and grown and she was just about to throw herself over the edge,
spinning her body into an eternity of fulfillment. Her legs kicked out,
quivering uselessly in the air on either side of him, as he continued to
buck down into her unceasingly and without mercy. All he could think of was
spearing her with his firm synthetic cock until it had completely pierced
her body and came out her gasping throat. Right now, he didn't care if she
lived or died as long as he could rid himself of the hate and frustration
he had suffered all of his adult life. Oh God! . . . You're killing me!"
she groaned. "I'm dying . . . dear God, I'm dying." He froze momentarily as
the shock of the earthy animal sounds coming from her throat penetrated his
awareness. His pause broke the momentum building inside of her, adding
torture to the debasement of the lewd fucking and pushing her nervous
system almost to the breaking point. "Don't Stop!" she screamed. "Fuck me,
darling! Don't stop now . . . hurry . . . hurry, harder . . . harder . . ."
He rammed into her again and again as she begged and pleaded incoherently
for him to end it all. In rapturous passion, she bit down cruelly on his
tongue, still jammed in her throat. The quivering hot walls of her clasping
cunt tightened hungrily around the rubber cock fucking into her as she
pounded back at it in the throes of her first orgasm. She was drowning in
the flood of passion and exploded through her being, her mind, her very
human existence. It was never going to let up and she never wanted it to
stop. The hell with everything, she thought, was real and good. What ever
that was at one time, it was never like the ecstasy that was now tearing
her apart, ripping her flesh into shreds while simultaneously meeting all
the wants and desires of the present. The hell with Mark and her virginal
image, this explosion was what was real and true, no matter who it was
coming from . . . no matter that she would probably die from the fucking.
She loved it and loved the freedom that it gave to her womanhood. The
blasts of hot fire, in spite of her desire to prolong it forever, gradually
diminished in their intensity, then the shock to her mind and body flooded
her deepest being as the last tiny electrical sparks burned out far down
inside her still heaving belly. She slumped limp against the mattress,
gasping for breath, and little by little, entered another far off state of
semi-unconsciousness, still dreaming of the lust-crazed demons that now had
completely conquered her . . . completely possessed all of her existence.
The whole thing seemed so unreal to Dr. Quinn. He had never had a woman so
completely under his power, gasping and bucking as though she were trying
to kill herself against him like this one. Whatever sex he had experienced,
by the bitter choice of what was available, had always been with
unattractive, selfish women that had taken him only because nothing else
had been offered. These women were always the most bitter and vindictive
when he had been unable to meet their wants. When, in desperation, he had
finally resorted to the absurd looking dildo in his last bitter affair, he
had been laughed at and degraded beyond his ego's endurance. But now with
this beautiful, young animal, some of the hate and anguished had been
quenched, and though he wanted to continue with all his being the
ravishment of her lust-crazed body, he could not, for his body had reached
its physical limits. As he lay panting, trying to catch his breath, he
rested his body over the throbbing sweat covered flesh beneath him,
remembering in quick flashes the debasing scene of his last affair that had
taken place a seeming eternity ago. Her name was Donna. She was a junior
researcher at the university where he had been carrying on his experiments.
She was a good worker and sympathized with his beliefs of the responses of
sexual release. Gradually, the nature of their relationship formed a strong
bond between them, and he began to look forward to seeing her each day as
he entered the lab. He took to calling her after work and they enjoyed long
uninterrupted dinners together, either at her place or in some quiet
intimate restaurant. The more he got to know her and her views on life, the
more he was firmly convinced that he had found the ideal mate, willing to
sacrifice his impotency long enough for him to find the answer for his
misery. He had been careful and cautious with her, not wanting their strong
intellectual tie to break, but the time finally came when he could no
longer put off a sexual involvement. Donna revealed a physical restlessness
in her personality, by demanding and nagging at him with the least
provocation. That was when he had desperately gone to his doctor and
shamefully told him of his problem. He would never have done that for any
other woman, but Donna meant so much to him at the time that he forgot all
of his embarrassment and bared his soul to the man in the white cloak. At
first, the doctor recommended prolonged psychiatric treatment, but Dr.
Quinn dismissed the subject abruptly and asked if there could be any other
immediate treatment for him. There was, the doctor said, and gave him the
address of the company that manufactured synthetic sexual aids. The dildo
arrived with a complete set of instructions in the black leather kit, which
had been discretely wrapped in plain brown paper without the return address
showing on the outside of the package. He had studied the instrument and
tried it on numerous times before trying to use it on Donna. When the night
finally came for his forced sexual debut, he had made elaborate
preparations with candle light, champagne and soft seductive music in the
background. When they had finally made it to the bedroom he had been
careful to make sure that she was drunk enough not to notice the fake
instrument extending from his pelvis and had proceeded to fuck into her
until her body had collapsed in satisfied relief. At the time he had been
grateful to give her completion, and soon dozed off from the effects of too
much alcohol and total physical exertion. When he awoke, he found her
conscious and staring incredulously at the rubber instrument still strapped
to him. There was nothing he could do to defend his exposed position,
though he wanted to tear it of him and throw it under the bed, out of her
staring gaze. This had been the moment of truth and he gave a silent prayer
that she would understand. He looked deep into her eyes to meet the answer
they would give him, whether good or bad, he had to know her thoughts.
Their eyes locked momentarily, but no clear expression could be derived
until she leaned back on the sheets and burst into spasms of uncontrolled
laughter. She laughed and laughed, unable to control the hysterical
situation of the moment. That was all he could remember until he could feel
his fists pounding angrily away at her soft body with her crying out for
mercy. When she left him, she was gone for good . . . never coming back to
even pick up her pay check from the lab. And each night for weeks on end he
had sobbed uncontrollably into his pillow until he lost consciousness. And
each day, he would plod dry-eyed to work and lose himself in his studies.
As the weeks and months blended into seasons, his work became the utmost of
his goals and he never tried to seek any other personal relationships. That
was the way it had been, until right now when he had released young,
drugged prisoner in the cage. Garth, the unseen witness to his acts sensed
that his master would be angry if he should discover him spying on him in
this way. He hated to leave the presence of the beautiful captive now
sleeping on the floor of the cage, but he would return later when the
doctor was safely asleep or at work in his den. He quietly crept out of the
lab zipping up his pants as he left, leaving the doctor to his own private
thoughts and humiliations.



              Chapter 9

   It was later that night and Dr. Quinn had regained his composure. Nell
had prepared a sumptuous dinner which they both enjoyed in the dinning
room. The roast duckling with orange sauce had been succulent and juicy
with the white tender meat breaking away from the bone easily from the
slightest pressure of his fork. Previously, he had taken a long hot shower
and tried to sort out his now confused thoughts about Lisa and her
inevitable destiny. Still, he was not entirely sure about what he was going
to do with her if she lasted through the experiments he definitely intended
to perform on her. By the time he had finished his coffee, he had decided
to intellectually separate the how and the why of the problem and to
continue on with his studies by breaking away from any possible emotional
involvement. That was the only way he would be able to succeed, and succeed
he must, recovering his manhood depended upon it. "Can I take something
down to the girl?" Nell asked, breaking his train of thoughts. "Yes, go
ahead. She should be conscious by now and probably weak with hunger. But
Nell, I would be careful of her now if I were you. The hormone injection
reacted violently on her system. Just remember she's as wild and
uncontrollable as the rest of the caged animals down there." "Yes, Sir, I
will," she answered, lowering her eyes to veil the hostility burning from
them. She could not imagine what had happened to Lisa in the lab today,
though she had noticed the tired lines of fatigue in the doctor's face when
he had come to dinner. She had wanted to go down there to see what was
going on, but her fear of the mad doctor had held her back. At least now
she would have a chance to see Lisa again, as she had been longing to do
since their emotional encounter the night before. She scurried back to the
kitchen and lovingly prepared the tray worthy enough to suit a gourmet's
delight. She loaded the plate with the tenderest parts of the roast
duckling, breasted potatoes, and fresh asparagus with hollandaise sauce.
For dessert, he added a dish of freshly canned peaches topped with cinnamon
and spices. Nothing was too good for the lovely, yielding body of the young
girl now trapped in the lab. She wished she could think of a way to help
her escape, but right now she first must see to it that Lisa was kept
strong and able to survive the endurement of the coming experiments. As a
second thought, she added two capsules of iron vitamins to the tray, just
for good measure. From Lisa's room she gathered some towels, a robe a
blanket, knowing she would be needing all of these things for the minimal
of comfort and then took them with the tray down the dark stairway into the
sterile confines of the laboratory. When she entered the back part of the
room where all the caged animals were kept, she saw Lisa's body, nothing
but a naked heap of flesh, still unconscious and unprotected from the cold
night air. She was sprawled across the mattress with her legs spread lewdly
apart just as the doctor had left her after his obscene rape of her drugged
body. Nell sobbed openly at the devastating sight and set the items she had
been carry on the floor, running over to the door of the cage and pulling
at it in an attempt to help the shattered Venus and somehow bring her back
to the youthful buoyancy that she had exuded just hours before. She could
see that most of her body was swollen and bruised by the brutal fucking the
doctor had given her and felt renewed anger and frustration where she
spotted the red welts on the softness of her tender, white breasts. She
pulled and jerked at the steel barred door of the cage but it would not
budge under the pressure. It was locked, giving her no possible way to
enter the cage and comfort the beaten girl. "Lisa! Lisa! Do you hear me,
it's Nell. Wake up dear, I've brought you something to eat." Lisa groaned
and turned over on her side, not completely aware that she was not
dreaming. "Dear God, wake up child," Nell pleaded desperately, trying to
stifle the sobs coming from deep within her. Lisa fluttered her eyes open
and tried to think of where she was, but her mind was swimming with
disconnected thoughts . . . Where am I . . . Who am I? Why does everything
seem so foggy and distant? She stiffened her long lush body in an attempt
to fight off the dizziness, but this only intensified the feeling, so she
let herself go limp against the soft padded mattress. Now the heaviness of
her torso seemed glued to the floor of the cage. Immobile. Unmovable. She
tried to move her swollen lips to utter a call for help or just to get
reassurance from hearing the familiar sound of her own voice. But her mouth
was all cotton, stuffed with a thick parched tongue that stuck to the roof
of her dry mouth. Her tortured muscles were paralyzed and unmoving. Once
again her will to survive won over the defeated physical state of her body,
as her lips pursed forward and finally uttered some sound. "W-w-water . . .
Please . . . w-w-water," she choked out to the woman standing beside her.
"Yes, dear . . . right now . . . right now. Don't worry, old Nell is here
to help you." She nervously picked the pitcher of ice water from the tray
and filled a tall glass to the brim, then took it over to the trap door and
offered it to Lisa with a trembling hand. The distraught girl gulped it
down greedily in several quick swallows, and leaned back trying to focus
her eyes as her head began to clear through the heavy mists of her
drug-injected body. She said nothing when Nell pushed her robe into the
cage, but quickly donned it to protect herself from the chill that was
penetrating her body. Her arms and legs felt like ice and her throbbing
breasts were still quivering from the painful blows they had endured
through the depraved screwing she had suffered such a short time ago. The
wet open area between her thighs hurt every time she made the slightest
movement and to add to the torture, her bowels were now straining to the
bursting point. "I have to go . . ." she said hesitantly, knowing that the
woman was unable to let her out of the cage, but if she did not find some
way to relieve herself soon, she would lose her control right on the floor.
Nell anxiously ran around the corner saying she would return soon with a
bed pan. Lisa propped herself up against the back wall of the cage and
dipped the towel that Nell had given her into the pitcher of ice water. The
coldness of the rough terry cloth material on her face temporarily revived
her and helped to settle the butterflies in her stomach. She dipped the
towel back into the water and pressed the coolness between her hot, aching
legs in an attempt to stop the wild throbbing coming from between her
thighs. It helped a little and she was able to muster up a semblance of
calmness by the time Nell returned with her bedpan. Squatting over it and
quickly relieving herself while Nell watched with sympathetic eyes, was a
scene that she would not have been able to picture a few days back, but now
she was beyond embarrassment or inhibition, all she wanted was relief. Nell
took away the pan and came back to the cage, lifting the trap door and
placing the tray of food beside her on the mattress. The delicious aroma of
the tempting dish revived all of her hunger sensations and she ravenously
devoured all of its contents, not caring that she looked and acted like the
trapped animal that she had been turned into. Her reactions now were
completely physical and when her hunger needs were met, she rolled herself
up into the wool blanket and fell asleep without acknowledging or thanking
Nell for the favors that she had rendered. Nell left the girl and plodded
back up the stairway, vowing to get even with Dr. Quinn for what he had
done to Lisa. She knew that she would have to think long and hard for any
action that she would take in revenge if she wanted to be successful. For
the doctor was quick, and by nature, much slyer than she. If she were to
succeed she would have to be quicker than he and take him unaware. If she
failed, she would never have another chance to get at him again.



              Chapter 10

   The phone rang loudly once, twice, three times before Dr. Quinn slammed
his finger down on the hold button and continued to finish the last
paragraph of his notes. He was mildly irritated with Nell. What in the hell
was taking her so long? She knew he didn't like to be interrupted when he
was busy in his study and yet she was taking her sweet time caring for Lisa
when he needed her upstairs. He had noticed that Nell had been acting
strangely ever since Thea had first brought the girl to Brookdale and he
fully intended to get to the bottom of it when he had the time. The
flashing light of the hold button brought his thoughts back to the
immediate present, and he pressed down on the open line, wondering who
would be calling him so late in the evening. "Yes?" he answered, not trying
to conceal his irritation. "Dr. Quinn? This is Erik, Erik Holz. Do you
remember our last encounter?" "Yes, Erik. No need to go into a lengthy
identification. Did you get the pharmaceutical supplies I ordered last
month?" "I have the supplies, yes. They just arrived from South America
this morning, and as soon as you pay me for my efforts, I will be most
happy to deliver the articles to your door step." Dr. Quinn hesitated and
softened his tone a bit. "I don't have the immediate cash right now, but I
assure that my credit is good. In fact, beyond question." "I'm not worried
about your credit rating doctor," he answered now more sure of his
position. "I'm sure it's as flawless as your own reputation. Right now, I'm
more concerned with your available funds, or to use an old American phrase
. . . your cold hard cash. You see, in my particular type of enterprise,
there is no room for sealing a deal with a handshake and a promise of good
faith . . . or for that matter, charitable contributions in any shape or
form." Dr. Quinn ignored his sarcasm and kept calm. The old bastard had him
in an unfavorable position and he would have to use all his ingenuity to
maneuver his way out of it. "I have to have those supplies by tomorrow, so
let's be reasonable about all of this. What you have is not going to do you
any good stored in your gallery. The drugs are perishable and you know it.
I'm sure we can come to some kind of terms until I'm able to deliver the
cash." "A good point, Dr. Quinn. I fully appreciate your position. However,
I'm beginning to become quite suspicious over the fact that both of my
customers from Brookdale expect to use my goods without satisfying me with
immediate payment." "Both?" "Yes, Dr. Quinn, certainly you can guess by now
who I might be referring to." "Thea?" he asked with a surprised tone to his
voice. "Exactly. I have been dealing with her for several years and it has
been a very satisfactory business relationship. That is, up until last
night when she broke into my desk and removed a very valuable item that I
now wish most earnestly to retrieve. Where is the lovely lady now, is she
still at Brookdale?" "Yes, she's been sick in her room all day. I've had my
nurse take food up to her, but other than that, I haven't seen or talked
with her. Look here, Erik, I don't care what you do with Thea or the
objects you say she stole from you, all I'm interested in is getting those
supplies from you before they perish." "Very good, Dr. Quinn. The bargain
is then settled. Shall I stop by sometime tomorrow morning?" "Yes by all
means " he answered with notable relief. "Make it around ten o'clock."
"Excellent. I'll see you then." Dr. Quinn put the receiver back on the hook
and mopped away the beads of perspiration that had formed on his forehead.
That had been a close call. If he had not had Thea to offer, there was no
doubt in his mind that the shrewd old businessman on the other end of the
line would have rang off without considering the delivery of his supplies.
Maybe if Erik knew the urgency of his program, he might be more lenient in
the future. It was a chance that he didn't like to take, but he knew that
he had no other choice but to entrust him with his secret plans. He would
be an invaluable ally if he could get him interested in his cause. Damned
money anyway. With it, you could manipulate freely and follow any of
pursuits urgent for your needs. Without it, your enslavement was inevitable
and to survive you had to prostitute your deepest beliefs, bending to the
needs to those that had it, just as he was doing now by entrusting his life
plans to a repulsive narcotic pusher.

              *  *  *

   It was close to midnight and Nell had been tossing and turning for two
hours, unable to sleep with the thought of the helpless girl caged in the
cold laboratory, alone in the dark except for the dirty animals that
surrounded her. She had to go down, now while everyone else was asleep and
check to see if she was all right. If she didn't, she wouldn't be able to
sleep for the rest of the night. Not bothering to dress, she tip- toed down
the hallway, shivering in the cold night air as her flannel nightgown clung
to her cold bulky body as if to hide her ugly form from the unseeing eyes
of the darkness The loose wooden planks on the floor creaked loudly as she
gingerly made her way to the door leading to the cellar. She held her
breath as the hinges gave out a high-pitched, protesting whine as she
opened it. She stopped, sure that someone upstairs had heard her. She
waited for what seemed like an eternity, but nothing but silence answered
the ringing in her ears. She was safe. No one had heard her. She continued
on down the dusty stair that lead to the laboratory until she reached the
door at the bottom, and stepped inside. The lights had been turned out and
the room was in total darkness except for a few thin threads of moonlight
that streamed from the small windows over head. She cautiously made her way
to the back of the room, being careful not to bump into any of the large
vats that were still plumping and circulating the mysterious chemicals that
Dr. Quinn had prepared. When she finally reached Lisa's cage she was
relieved to sec the girl sleeping peacefully, completely unaware of her
desolate and foreboding surroundings. What a lovely, breathtaking sight she
made, lying there in total innocence with the moonlight streaming down on
her beautiful golden hair. The silvery beams of light played across the
long silken strands, illuminating them with such intensity that they
resembled spun gold. Nell couldn't resist reaching her hands through the
bars and stroking the soft resilient locks. Such beauty she had never known
or touched before in her life and she was momentarily lost in the wondrous
delight of the moment. Her mood was sharply broken by the loud sound of
glass crashing to the floor in the front part of the laboratory. Someone
else was back there, making his way to where she knelt! It must be Dr.
Quinn, checking up on the animals. He must have heard her after all! She
knew her punishment would he swift and complete if he caught her now, and
she dashed over to the corner, crouching by the side of Gina's empty cage.
A large shadowy form emerged around the corner approaching the cage where
Lisa slept, but Nell could not see who it was, her eyes unable to pierce
the darkness to identify the intruder. She ducked down lower as the man
passed right by her and pressed her shoulders and face hard against the
cold tiled floor, leaving her large, globular buttocks swooping up behind
her. In her fear of being caught, she did not realize that stray shafts of
moonlight beaming down on her exposed rounded spheres, completely
illuminated their provocative position. Garth stumbled blindly to Lisa's
cage with only one thought in mind. He had to relieve the burning pressure
of tormented desire that was rampaging from his swollen cock with no let
up. All that evening he had sat in his room thinking of the lewd scene that
he had witnessed earlier that day, until gradually his own lust had built
up into an uncontrollable frenzy. Now as he pulled at the door of the cage
to reach the object of his passion, he found that it was locked tight. He
jerked and strained his powerful hands against the bolted door, hoping to
muster superhuman strength inside of him and break down the barrier that
separated him from Lisa. The lock remained firm and secure, and the girl
continued to sleep peacefully, unaware of the lust-incited monster
struggling with all of his strength to get at her. The cold steel bars
remained firmly entrenched in their locked position. They would not budge
nor give no matter how hard he tried to force them open. It was hopeless.
He pressed his hot face against the cold metal bars, moaning out his
frustrations to the sleeping beauty within the safe confines of the cage.
She seemed coldly indifferent to his tortured soul, not seeming to care at
all that she could not please him with the softness of her body. His fury
slowly built to an insurmountable peak as he, in his ignorance blindly
hoped for something to happen that might quench the hot burning pain
stabbing at his crotch. He glanced over longingly at Gina's empty cage
wishing that she was still alive. He would not be hurting if she were still
here. It was at that moment that he spotted Nell's quivering buttocks
wavering temptingly in the air from behind Gina's cage. His dim mind
couldn't believe his eyes. His wish had been answered so close to the spot
that he had screwed the female chimp that he naturally thought the fleshy
mounds had been placed there by some unseen friend to be used until the hot
lust burning inside him had been satiated. Fearing that the large
accommodating ass was merely a dream, he streaked across the small space
that separated them, and before Nell knew what was happening, he had landed
on top of her back with a loud groan and jammed his hard lengthened shaft
deep in her belly. Shock and revulsion engulfed the lesbian's awareness as
she felt the unbelievable hugeness of the cruel penis suddenly tearing away
at her insides with a wild animal-like abandon. She couldn't believe it was
happening to her. "Uuuuuuuhhhhgggg!" she grunted as the giant prick pushed
back on the fleshy folds within her vagina and smacked against her belly.
Rough callused hands reached down under her nightgown and cupped around her
flabby breasts, which hung loosely down like two large cow udders, and
greedily began squeezing and pulling at them until it felt as though they
were going to be ripped from her body. The unseen monster plunged his
powerful pelvis hard against her open slit, flattening her fat bulbous ass
under his terrible weight. She jerked forward with a gasp of pain and held
her breath, trying to absorb the enormous shaft that was now pistoning
around the wet sensitive walls of her vagina. She could feel the hot
rivulets of sweat rolling down her forehead and into her eyes, almost
blinding her vision and she felt like she was going to faint from the
tremendous toll of pain that was riveting into her like an iron jack
hammer. Garth closed his eyes tightly shut against the exquisite feeling of
wet warmness that covered his entire cock. His rigid monster was now
pressed deep in the hot, protesting moistness of her cunt with wild
electric shocks of pleasure pulsating through it. With each successive
thrust, the electric shocks gradually built up and blended into an
overpowering wave of sensual delight. He could feel an unbearable pressure
pushing against his loaded balls, and knew they would soon explode and
empty their hot cum into the large wet cavern beneath them. This vast,
widely open hole was not like Gina's at all. With Gina, he always had to be
tender and gentle for fear of tearing her small slit apart, and even then
his rigid cock was only able to half penetrate its small depths. But now he
was able to ram his full length into the wet expanding passage until he
could feel his balls slapping against the crevice of her ass. He reached
his hands back and dug them harshly into her pliant hips, holding them
firmly in the air as he felt his long, thick cock impress itself again and
again into the moist naked slit of her behind. His hairy knees behind her
pushed her thighs wider apart, holding her wide and helpless to the brutal
pounding of his body. He coursed his hands down over her buttocks, and
pressed his thumbs on either side of her puckered anus, stretching it wide
open. Then, she felt a hot burning rod fill her ass as he jammed his middle
finger up to the hilt into it. She screamed, unable to bear the crude
fucking of both of her private parts as waves of pain and nausea
simultaneously enveloped her straining body. She tried to crawl away, but
she was overpowered and held back by the beast behind her. The excruciating
torture of her anus and cunt was becoming more painful than her
consciousness could bear. She groaned once more in anguish, then felt long
welcome waves of darkness take hold of her body as she mercifully passed
out. Garth felt her body go limp beneath him and grabbed onto her hips with
his free hand, pulling her back onto his plunging rod. His giant tormenting
staff had grown and expanded to its fullest length as he continued to fuck
into her wildly with the pressure in his loins rocketing to the bursting
point. He gasped and sputtered incoherently, shoving his cock forward with
a mighty thrust into the walls of her quivering belly. Hot waves of thick,
creamy cum spewed forth to fill her womb with great gushes of warm, sticky
wetness. He groaned with delight as moments later he felt the last drops of
sperm empty far up into her pussy, then pulled his deflated penis out of
the lump, swaying buttocks and leaned back on his heels, trying to catch
his breath. The full moon had risen higher in the midnight sky, casting
brighter beams of light through the small windows overhead and now
illuminated the spot were Garth sat resting. Nell's unconscious body had
fallen over on its side when he had released her, with her face clearly
exposed to his view. As his head gradually cleared and he had adjusted his
vision to the darkness around him, he saw the plain face of Nell on the
other side of the ass that he had just finished fucking. He froze in
terror! The loose flesh on her face was strangely contorted in an anguished
expression as though she were having a bad dream. Garth stood up in panic,
letting his open pants fall unnoticed to his feet. He could imagine the
horrible punishment he would face for what he had just done. He wanted to
run away and never stop, but his legs remained immobile in fear and he
stood paralyzed for a moment, not knowing what to do next. He buried his
face in his hands and began to sob wildly, he had never felt so much dread
in his entire life. The fear that encompassed his body, now controlled the
half-wit's entire being and he did not notice his penis stiffen and empty
its piss down on the unconscious woman sprawled beneath him. Her moaning
sounds snapped Garth out of his paralytic state and he stumbled back away
from her, pulling at his pants as he ran. He did not know where he was
going, but he knew he must be out of her sight before she came to. Still
sobbing, he blindly felt his way through the darkened passages of the outer
lab, and ran through the door and up the stairway as fast as his awkward
legs could carry him. He ran through the main entrance of the house and out
into the cool night air, not stopping or looking back to see if anyone was
following. His bulky lumbering body crossed the large expanse of lawn that
circled the front part of the mansion and continued on through the orchard.
He passed by the large cluster of trees, not caring that their limbs and
branches were tearing at his clothing and scratching his flesh. His pure
animal instincts had taken over what reasoning was left in his dim mind,
and his only thought now was to escape the cruel punishment that awaited
him back at the house. He stopped abruptly when he reached the huge iron
gate at the main entrance to Brookdale, and stared wildly through the bars
to the road beyond. He knew he would be able to scale the brick walls with
ease, yet the fear of facing the unknown held him back. His retarded memory
couldn't remember the time before he was brought to Brookdale, and he now
trembled in fear at the thought of facing what was on the outside of these
walls. He was trapped! The hysteria in his body mounted as he stood
suspended with indecision. He had no where to go, either backwards or
forwards, and his mind felt like it was about to explode from the panic
that seized it. He jumped back in fright as the phone by the side of the
gate began to ring persistently. The ringing sound was high-pitched and
hurt his head. He reached through the iron bars and removed the receiver
from its hook. The long extension reached easily through the gate and he
placed the phone to his ears, though not making a sound. "Garth? . . . Is
that you?" It was Dr. Quinn! Garth's hands trembled and his breathing came
in loud rasps, as he desperately clung to the receiver, not uttering a
word. "Garth, I know you're there. I can hear you breathing." Garth sucked
in his breath and held it, but could not release his hand from the phone.
"I just want to tell you that Nell is not mad at you. You're to come back
to your room immediately. No one's going to punish you." Dr. Quinn pressed
his ear tightly against the receiver, anxiously waiting for a reply. He
kept his voice low and calm, not wanting to excite Garth or to scare him
away. After finding Nell on the lab floor, he quickly guessed what had
happened and ran up to Garth's room to see if he was there. The room was
empty, so on a second hunch he decided to ring the gate. The last thing he
wanted to do was to go out in the night, searching for a mad man. There was
no telling what he would do in his crazed state if he thought he was
cornered. He must convince Garth to come back of his own free will, and to
do that he would remove the object of his fear. A stifled sob sounded on
the other side of the line. "No one's going to hurt you in any way. Is that
understood? You couldn't help what you were doing, we understand that."
Another sob. "Hang up the phone now and go straight to your room. Where
else could you go, Garth? I've told you countless of times that the people
on the outside would hurt you and laugh at you . . . you know that. I'm
going to hang up now . . . Good-bye." Dr. Quinn slowly replaced the
receiver back on the hook. His anger was subsiding now for he knew Garth
would return. But because of Nell's stupidity, he had almost lost him, at a
time when his presence was most crucial to completing the experiments. He
glared down at Nell, now sitting in the chair by his desk, sobbing quietly
into the cloth he had given her to clean herself up. "Just what were you
doing down there at this time of night?" he asked coldly. "I-I . . . was
worried about the girl, so I thought I would check to see if she was all
right . . . T-T-That's all." Dr. Quinn ignored her answer and slowly puffed
on his cigarette until the ash on the tip turned into a bright burning
coal. He openly studied the beaten woman now gasping for breath, trying to
control her sobbing. He felt no pity or compassion though, for he could
well imagine the real reason why she had crept down to Lisa's cage so
craftily in the middle of the night. In fact, her punishment had an essence
of poetic justice about it. She had gotten just what she deserved. "Nell,
I'm going to be straight forward with you," he announced, breaking the
silence. "Number one . . . Your apparent attraction to Lisa is obvious.
Number two, I'm well aware of your lewd sexual habits. Number three, if you
step out of line . . . just one more time, I'll pick up this phone and turn
you into the authorities." Nell stared back at him, her eyes wide with
disbelief. "I took the trouble to check up on you when you first came
here," he said. "I would say right now . . . that your position is static,
so I suggest that you heed this warning. That's all . . . you may go now."
Nell stood up and started to leave the room. "Oh, by the way, Nell. I'm
expecting a visitor tomorrow morning, so set an extra plate on the table."



              Chapter 11

   Carl Shankey was drunk, and couldn't care less. He tipped the bottle of
Scotch up to his lips and greedily took a couple of swallows, letting the
burning liquid slide down his throat and into his stomach. He set the
bottle down on the floor and rolled over on the beds staring at the
ceiling. What a crummy day it had been, he thought, glancing at his watch.
It was almost 6PM. Well, it was almost over, maybe the rest of the week
would be more salvageable, anyway he should get up, it was almost time for
dinner. Tonight he would have to settle for eating with the rest of the
fellows who lived at the fraternity . . . if he hadn't spent his weekly
allowance so soon, he could have gone down to the local tavern. Life's a
bitch. He knew he should go use the bathroom now before the great rush
before dinner, but he remained on the bed, thinking of the day's events.
What the hell was wrong with everyone anyhow? That morning, Dean Townsend
had called him into his office and spent half the morning talking to him in
ominous undertones . . . about nothing but a lot of crap. "Carl," he said,
"for the past few months, I've been hearing a lot of negative rumors about
your social conduct. At the time, I was concerned. But, I never like to
base a premise on a few rumors. They were stories that easily pass from
student to student, and eventually reach a member of the faculty . . . and
hence to me. But enough of that . . . To add to all of this, last week I
received reports from two different members of my faculty, saying they had
caught you openly cheating during the midterms. Carl scuffed his shoes on
the floor, and looked down at his feet, saying nothing. The bastard
probably had a complete portfolio on him, he thought. He probably even
knows that I was arrested last week for drunken driving, and is just saving
that tidbit for the grand finale. "Normally," Dean Townsend continued, "the
University staff wouldn't tolerate these actions, and you'd be subject for
immediate dismissal." He paused to see if there was any reaction from Carl,
but he continued to look down at his feet. "Carl, look up at me when I'm
talking to you, this is a very serious matter," the calm exterior and crisp
voice broke momentarily. The boy's passiveness was maddening. Carl
obediently looked up at him with a coolly detached gaze. Dean Townsend
shifted around in his chair and continued, now in a more mellow tone. "I
knew your Dad at Yale . . . Why I was even with him the night he met your
mother. She was a beautiful, charming woman Carl . . . I-I was more than
shocked to hear of her untimely death last year." "Yeah, Dad told me how
you and him used to tie one on . . . then form groups for panty raids,"
Carl sneered, ignoring the mention of his mother. "If your trying to say
that I once sowed my wild oats, I'll not deny it. Look boy, I understand
this had been a very trying period in your life." He closed the portfolio
on his desk and put it in the bottom drawer. "That's why I'm putting this
report on you away. I'm going to give you another chance, Carl . . . I hope
that you won't disappoint me." Another chance, hell, Carl thought, reaching
for the bottle and taking another swig. The old goat was probably just
waiting for him to make another wrong move, so he could tell his father on
him. A knock sounded on the door. "It's not locked," Carl called out,
pushing the bottle under the bed. Mark Loftis entered the room and shut the
door behind him. Of all the members in the fraternity, Mark was the one
that Carl truly despised. He was the good, all-around clean-cut American
boy, why, he looked so fresh, he could even pose for toothpaste ads, Carl
thought cynically as he sat up on the side of the bed. "What can I do for
you, old boy?" Mark looked uncomfortable, like he had an itch that he was
embarrassed to scratch. "Carl . . . This isn't a social call. I have some
thing to say to you, so I might as well come right out with it." "Do, by
all means." "You've been voted out Carl . . . blackballed. We had a special
meeting of the members last night. That drunk driving ticket, plus all the
rest of your actions during the past year . . . is not in keeping with the
image of the fraternity house." "Do tell." "They wanted to tell you en
masse, but I thought it would be easier on you like this. You can stay here
till you find another place to live, though. Carl, I'm sorry . . . but as
President, it's my duty . . . "Hold it . . . hold it," Carl interrupted
with a smile on his face. "No hard feelings, pal . . . I understand. Just
don't give me any long speeches about duty and honor, I'll leave as soon as
I can find another place." Mark looked relieved and started to leave, but
Carl stopped him. "Speaking about honor, old chap," he said reaching in the
drawer and pulling out some flimsy nylon material, "here, take this.
Consider it a going away present. From me and Lisa . . . to you." He tossed
the panties across the room to Mark. Mark stared down at the panties in his
hands, stunned. The sheer material was covered with dirt and dried cum. The
initials "LC" were monogrammed in the corner. He was speechless, at a loss
for words. "You should have stayed for the dance, old boy . . . you missed
a rip-roaring time," Carl sneered at him, with a leering smile stretched
across his face. Mark could feel a tight knot balled up in his throat and
his eyes were stinging, but he couldn't force a verbal response from his
mouth. Blind fury encompassed him, and the next thing he knew he was on top
of Carl, hitting down on him with his closed fist. Carl was taken by
surprise, for he didn't expect the mild-mannered Mark to react so
violently. He could feel the rock hard knuckles pounding into his face, but
he could do little to defend himself, the liquor had slowed his reflex
action. Blood rolled down into his eyes, temporarily blinding him, and he
could hear the sickening burst of his flesh, breaking under the tremendous
impact of the hard knuckles. A smashing blow landed square on his mouth,
and he could feel his front teeth loosen and cave in. When Mark had
finished with him, his face was unrecognizable, a bloody mass of smashed
flesh. Carl could feel the bed give as Mark lifted himself off of them, and
then heard Mark's voice. It sounded like it was coming through a long
tunnel. "You be out of here tonight." Then he heard the door close as Mark
left the room. Mark left the house, got in his car, and headed in the
direction of the ocean. That was always the place he seemed to gravitate
when he had a problem that he had to think out for himself. He guided his
car along the curved highway until he found the sandy inlet that had been
his and Lisa's favorite spot. It was their secret place and no one else had
known about it hut the two of them. He got out of the car and started
climbing down the cliff, following the small foot trail that lead down to
the ocean. His knuckles were so swollen and bloody that they were hardly
able to grasp against the rocky ledges but moving slowly and cautiously, he
finally made his way to the bottom. He removed his shoes and socks, and dug
his toes in the cool white sand. Out in front of him, the ocean was
flickering with a myriad of sun beams, and the sun was a big red ball,
resting on the far off horizon. On the wet sand where the waves were
breaking, small clusters of sandpipers chased the waves back and forth,
always just an inch away from the water's reach. He walked slowly over to
the edge and let the cold white foam swirl around his ankles. The whole
place was so beautiful, he thought . . . but lonely, and he wished that
Lisa could be with him right now. They had shared so many wonderful times
together right here at this spot. He could still picture her sun-tanned
loveliness, covered with ocean spray as she ran along the beach beside him.
There had been times, when he saw her standing there with nothing on but a
brief swimsuit, that he wanted to take her right there on the sand and
consummate their close relationship. But, he had held himself back, he had
loved her enough to wait. The deep aching void that burned in the pit of
his stomach came back when he remembered Carl's leering remarks and the
flimsy torn panties that he had flung at him. For a moment, he couldn't
hold his thoughts back, picturing all kinds of lewd scenes of Carl and
Lisa. But deep within him, he knew that it couldn't possibly be true, that
there was a logical explanation for all of this . . . but he had to be
sure. Before he had left the beach that night, he made a firm decision to
go see Lisa as soon as possible.



              Chapter 12

   The full burst of spray from the shower spigot bounced against Thea's
naked body like a thousand tiny needles, the stimulation gradually reviving
her hazy state of mind into a sharper perception. She turned around letting
the full farce of water hit her directly in the face, then lowered her head
and drew in a deep breath as the sharp spray of warmth completely saturated
her long dark hair. She lathered and rinsed every port of her body several
times, but could not wash away the memory of Erik's lewd body, beating into
hers. Since leaving his studio that night, she hod lost all track of time,
although she could recall Nell bringing her food, as night blended into day
then night again. She looked over at the small clock on the bathroom
counter. It was eleven o'clock, too late to join the others for breakfast.
She stepped from the shower and wrapped a large towel around her, then
leaned over and began to methodically brush her hair dry in long, film
strokes. When she had finished, she pinned the long dark tresses back from
her face, molding a chic chignon on top of her head. She removed the towel
and wiped the steam off the mirror to get a better look at her face. It was
puffy and drawn. Tiny, hairline wrinkles formed in the corners of her eyes,
and she looked back at her image with disapproval. The deteriorating
effects of the drug were beginning to take it's toll on her. She quickly
massaged some moisturizer over the tell-tale lines and into the dry area
beneath her eyes, then expertly applied her eye make-up and lipstick.
That's better, she thought, giving herself a last critical appraisal. She
finally looked presentable enough to go downstairs and face the others. She
opened the bathroom door, and stepping naked into her bedroom, she stopped
short and gasped in surprise. Nell was stooped over her dressing table,
rummaging through the contents of the drawers, not noticing that Thea was
now standing behind her. "If you'd kindly tell me what you're looking for,
maybe I could be of some assistance," Thea said coldly, not bothering to
cover up her nakedness. Nell jumped back in surprise as if she had touched
her hands to a hot fire. Her eyes grew wide and bulging from the dual
surprise of being caught, and the breath-taking sight of Thea's lush nude
body, fully exposed to her gave The whiteness of Thea's flesh formed around
her image in opaque milkiness. Two pointed nipples punctuated the softness
of her well- rounded breasts, while the dark pubic growth between her legs
brushed crisply against her inner thighs. "I-I-I brought you up some
breakfast," Nell stammered, finally able to unglue her eyes, and nodded
towards the tray on the nightstand. Thea quickly donned her robe, slightly
angered by Nell's open look of admiration. "I want to know what you were
doing," Thea snapped, ignoring the food. "By what right were you going
through my personal belongings behind my back like a common sneak thief?"
Nell flinched at the implication. She felt trapped. "I was only following
orders, Miss Carter." "Who's?" Nell looked down at her, but not answering.
"Who's orders? Quinn's?" Thea persisted. "I only do what I'm told," Nell
muttered. "Where's Quinn now?" "In the Lab," Nell answered, backing towards
the door. "Well, if you won't tell me, I'll soon find out. Go on . . . Get
out of here!" Nell abruptly left, not bothering to close the door behind
her. Thea walked over to the door and leaned her weight against it with
relief, locking it. She waited a while with her ear pressed tightly against
the wooden frame, until she was satisfied that Nell had left the hallway.
There was no doubt in her mind what Nell was looking for. But what did Dr.
Quinn have to do with it, she thought, hurrying over to the bed and pulling
the package of Heroin from beneath the mattress. Thea's eyes scanned the
room, searching for a more secure hiding place. She knew that, given a few
minutes more, Nell would have easily discovered the package under the
mattress. She must outsmart them! No one was going to take the precious
powder away from her now! Panic seized her at the thought of being without
the drug, and she desperately tried to collect her wits. She must think of
a place, but where? Oh God, where? A flash of an idea came to her . . .
camouflage, don't conceal. That's it! Place it right under their noses and
they would never find it, they'd be too busy looking around it. She paced
around the room like a panther trapped in a cage, her eyes flicking from
one object to the next, considering, then dismissing each possibility. It
was not until she stepped into the bathroom, that she spotted what she was
looking for. The most obtrusive object in the bathroom was a large,
ornamental blue glass vase, filled with bath crystals. It would make a
perfect hiding place, she thought, and was exactly what she had been
looking for. She quickly spread a towel over the counter and emptied the
white bath crystals on it, being careful not to spill any over on the
floor. Then, with trembling hands, she unwrapped the packet of Heroin and
poured it into the blue container, filling it one-third full. After placing
a thin, transparent piece of cellophane over the drug as a protective
divider, she proceeded to re-fill the vase to the brim with bath crystals,
then flushed the excess down the toilet. They'll play hell trying to find
it now, she thought, feeling relieved and more ready to defend her
position. She knew the best thing to do now was to face Dr. Quinn with
indignation, for if she let the matter go, her silence would only be proof
of her guilt. When she stepped into the Lab, no one was in sight, but she
could hear some movement in the back where the animals were kept. She
angrily strode to the back of the room with her argument fully rehearsed in
her mind. But as she rounded the corner, all of these thoughts were
suddenly wiped from her mind as she viewed in horror, the lewd scene before
her. Lisa's naked body was strapped down to a medical couch in the center
of the room. Both her hands and ankles were tied securely with leather
belts that buckled into the slots placed strategically on the aluminum side
panels. Although her nude body was painfully stretched it's full length
across the leather upholstery, she gave no sign of struggle, and her face
was peacefully relaxed with her eyes closed as if in deep slumber. In the
cage next to the table, Garth squatted obediently on his haunches, also
completely nude, while Dr. Quinn, reaching through the bars, injected serum
into his buttocks. The whole scene was unbelievable, like a fantastic
nightmare being played out in real life. Thea ran over to Lisa and stood in
front of her as if to shield her nakedness from their view. "Quinn! You've
gone mad!" she shouted at him, not recognizing the shrillness of her own
voice. Dr. Quinn looked up and glared at her, clearly angered at her
intrusion, but not surprised or alarmed at her presence. "Nell said to
expect you," he said. "She's upstairs now, finishing the job she started
earlier, by my instructions. As for all this, you're niece unfortunately
let her curiosity get the best of her, and after I caught her I decided to
include her in my experiments, rather than do away with her." "Release her
at once, or I'll call the police," Thea commanded. "The police?" he said.
"Really, Thea, you of all people should realize that you're in no position
to enlist the help of the authorities. In the first place you've stolen a
very valuable item from a man that I also do business with. He wants it
back, and needless to say he's very upset about the loss. Then there's also
the fact that you are completely involved, an accomplice to everything
that's happened here since you've been in my employment. Can't you just
imagine the discomfort of prison . . . say, three to five years, and
they're sure to discover your addiction." "I don't care," she said, turning
away from him to undo the leather straps, "this time you've gone too far.
I'm leaving here right now and I'm taking Lisa with me." "I wouldn't be so
hasty, my love," a heavily accented voice breathed threateningly into her
ear. She jumped back in shock as she saw Eric standing by her side. He must
have been behind her all the time, enjoying every minute of her anger. Now
he grabbed both of her wrists and pinned them ruthlessly behind her back,
twisting her arms upwards until the pain was unbearable. "Agggghhhhhh!" she
screamed, "let me go, you're breaking my arms!" "Not until you tell what
you've done with the package," he hissed, twisting her arms back, until she
was forced into a kneeling position. "I don't have it . . . please, let me
go!" she pleaded, almost blacking out from the extreme pain in her limbs.
"Tell me, you bitch!" he shouted, releasing one of her arms, and with his
free hand, placing a hard blow on the side of her head. "No . . . no, I
don't know where it is," she sobbed. Erik lifted his hand again, ready to
strike down on her, when Dr. Quinn interrupted him. "Wait a minute, Erik. I
know of a way to make her talk. Bring her over here and we'll see if Garth
can persuade her." The next thing Thea knew, her clothes had been ripped
from her body and she was being shoved into the cage with Garth. She turned
back and desperately pushed against the cage door, but it was being forced
shut with the combined strength of the two leering men on the other side.
She stared back at them with horror in her eyes as slowly the inevitability
of her fate penetrated her anguished mind, then turned around to face Garth
as the lock clicked shut. Garth was rising slowly from his haunches and
staring with bulging eyes at the tempting morsel placed before him. The
hormone injection was now circulating through his body, stimulating his
animal senses to a sexual frenzy. His crazed mind gave no recognition of
Thea, but could only perceive the lush nude body before him that he knew
could bring him indescribable pleasures. The thought of this reward made
him giddy with delight and a huge moronic grin spread across the expanse of
his ugly face as he slowly lumbered across the cage to the cringing Thea.
"K-K-Keep away from me," she stammered, pressing her back against the cold
steel bars and trying to choke back the sickness building up in her throat.
Behind her, she could hear the lewd, low chuckles coming from the two
sadistic men on the outside of the cage. But, her pleas were cut short as
Garth grabbed her roughly by the shoulders and flung her cruelly down on
the floor. A sharp, penetrating pain flashed up her back from the harsh
impact with the padded cushion on the floor of the cage. But it was quickly
forgotten with a renewed terror as she looked up at the salivating monster
standing over her. Garth was so beside himself with uncontrollable
excitement, that he didn't seem to know what to do next. He stood over her
sprawled legs, gazing down on her beauty with glazed eyes as if the sight
had hypnotized him into immobility. Thea gasped at the unbelievable size of
his growing penis, which hung stiffly between his hairy stump-like legs
like a giant projectile ready to launch itself into her body at any moment.
A loud groan hissed through her clenched teeth in astonished disbelief as
his fleshy giant rod continued to grow larger and larger, encouraged by the
half-wit's stubby, stroking fingers. Dear God, he's going to kill me. They
can't let him do this to me! They wouldn't dare! Lewd visions raced through
her panic stricken mind as she pictured the ugly monster fucking into her,
while being taunted on by Quinn and Erik in the background. "Get on with it
Garth! Fuck her good," Dr. Quinn harshly commanded. Suddenly, with one
jerking motion, Garth was on top of her, trying to force his hardened cock
beyond the soft flesh of her inner thighs and up into the wet, moistened
slit of her cunt. Thea pressed her legs tightly together trying to protect
herself from the bombarding cock, but little by little, it was ramming
itself deeper between her limbs and up against the soft pubic hairs that
hid the inner flanges of her cringing pussy. Eager hands from either side
on the outside of the cage reached in and grabbed her ankles, forcing them
wide apart, assisting in the cruel rape as if impatient to see her
ravishment begin. Garth sucked in his breath with delight as her long,
beautiful legs were slowly forced apart, exposing her opening completely to
his lust-filled eyes. The soft, fleshy lips trembled in fearful
anticipation beneath the flat, pubic hair-covered plane of her helpless
up-turned cunt. They seemed to be beckoning to him, delicately urging him
to enter their folds and plunge his cock into their moist, quivering
depths. He grinned down at them, swaying his wide Neanderthal hips over her
in lewd, gyrating, circular motions. Thea clenched her eyes shut, unable to
watch the huge member with its great bulging head ram itself into her. She
knew there was no merciful way to take something that size inside her
unless she could completely relax her body against its force. In
desperation, she let herself go completely limp, and concentrated on
relaxing her inner muscles, while preparing herself for the impending
implement. And suddenly it came! A wall of hard unyielding flesh jammed
itself brutally against her throbbing cuntal opening, stretching it almost
beyond endurance, as it tried to make its entrance into and beyond the
tight ring of vaginal muscle pushing back against it in protest to its
monstrous size. The slow hot burning pressure began to grow in intensity as
the burrowing huge shaft slowly began to make its penetration. Waves of
shock and nausea penetrated her being, and she let her mouth go slack,
sucking in deep breaths of air to keep from blacking out. She desperately
spread her legs wider apart to help ease the pain that was racing up from
the base of her spine and exploding into a million multi-colored flashes in
her tortured brain. A hot thick tongue lapped crazily at the brown, budded
peaks of her quivering tits, spilling its saliva forth in gushes of hot,
humid wetness, as the huge, pulsating rod of flesh between her
wide-stretched legs gradually worked its way harder and harder against her
straining passage. "Aaaaaaggggh! God, Oh God, noooooo!" she screamed above
the lustful animal grunts of the half-wit lodged between her thighs as she
felt the throbbing, bulbous head suddenly lurch forward and sink a cruel
hard inch inside her. The soft, fleshy lips of her cuntal opening were
swept wide apart and the long, smooth channel leading to the depths of her
heaving belly was now breached and defenseless to be used and ravished as
he desired. "Ooowa, Ooowa," he grunted over her as he felt the warm moist
flesh close tightly around the tip of his pulsating cock, sending spasmodic
jerks of further lust coursing through his dangling testicles. His head
dropped slavishly to her breasts. "Please, stop, Oh God, stop," she
groaned, the savage attack on her body swirling through her mind with the
sharp flickers of pain that shot from her tits as he began to suck down
harder on them. She could feel her soft, flaccid flesh being squashed
beneath his hairy loins as he continued to force his shaft inch by inch
into her cunt with each cruel in-thrust. She was helpless and writhed
painfully beneath him as it penetrated her hot, open tunnel until suddenly
it filled her and felt like it was lodged firmly up inside the full length
of her tortured body, threatening to burst through the wall of wet, soft
flesh surrounding it. She slowly opened her eyes as if by magic the pain
pulsating through her every pore began to lessen slightly. Through her
dimmed senses, she was aware that Garth in his own clumsy way, was actually
trying to be gentle with her. His ugly, hairy face now whirled above her
with a look that seemed to be torn between defeat and victory, as if he
realized he was no longer in command of his physical senses, but just an
object being motivated through the stimulus of a super-powerful hormone. At
that moment, Thea almost pitied him, just as she would any dumb animal
without control of their senses. He was actually just as helpless as she
was with his desperate aphrodisiac inspired lust and trained to obediently
follow the commands of his cruel master. She made up her mind. That bastard
Quinn was not going to win---no matter what! She raised her legs and
pressed her muscles down hard on the half- wit's pleading cock in a silent
vow to bring their dual torment to a rapid climax and determined, above all
not to break down or tell Erik of the secret hiding place of the heroin.
Her very existence depended on her keeping silent, for she knew that the
torture and degradation of sudden withdrawal from the drug would be much
worse, and much more terrifying than the fucking she was being forced to
endure under the lewd eyes of Quinn and Erik. "Look at that whore," Erik
snarled. "She's enjoying every minute of it." In a rage, he grabbed a long
black whip from the wall, previously used to control the animals, and
snapped it through the bars, flailing the stinging tip down on the now
wildly fucking couple with well placed aims. The first shot of leather
flicked through the air, catching Garth between the legs, and landing at
the base of his large globular balls. "Aaaaggghhhhh!" he screamed out in
blind pain, as he rammed his pelvis hard against Thea's wide-open slit, in
an attempt to escape the torturing leather tongue. The force of his
unexpected forward thrust, plunged his blood-hardened prick deep into her,
ramming it into her up to the hilt. Thea gasped, momentarily losing her
breath as the swollen head of his cock smashed brutally against her cervix
with tremendous force, but she gritted her teeth and ground her writhing
hips harder up against the half-wit, determined to take on whatever new
tortures were in store for her. "Fuck her faster," Erik shrilled at them,
now gone mad with lust and hate. More than anything else, he wanted to
break the stubborn woman's will and have her come crawling to him, begging
for mercy. He raised the whip again, bringing the tip of it down on the
tender undersides of Garth's huge sperm-filled balls. A blinding pain shot
up from between his crotch as the whip cruelly hit its target on center for
the second time. Tears sprang forward in his eyes, fighting against the
torturing sensations that were driving him on to a merciless fucking into
the cringing woman beneath him. He let his heavy body fall down on her
twisting form, smashing her buttocks flat against the cushioned floor. Then
with greater rapidity he lunged and plunged his thick pole into her cunt,
pushing the unresisting moist folds of flesh in rippling waves before its
cruel searching head. "Faster . . . you dumb animal . . . faster!" Erik
raved, bringing the third stinging blow down on his upraised buttocks, and
cutting into the expansive area of flesh until tiny trickles of dark red
blood oozed from the wound and ran down the inside of his leg. Garth
screamed out in terror. He had never known such extreme physical pain
before in his entire life, and his panic stricken mind obediently reacted
to the harsh commands of Erik so that the horrible punishment would stop.
Garth frantically scooted forward, balancing himself on his hands and knees
and bucked forward again, driving the bulbous head of his fleshy shaft
almost through the walls of her womb. "Eeeeeeeaaaaahhhh! Aaaaahhhh," she
screeched through tightly teeth, as the brutal impalement of his whole
length fucked into her, building up the pressure and momentum of his
thrusts and smashing his balls against her cringing anus without letup.
Another whistling snap spun over them, this time landing on the peaked
rigid nipple of Thea's right breast. "Noooo! Noooo!" she pleaded as the hot
flash of excruciating pain flicked on her budded tenderness, transmitting
ripples of shock and pain to other parts of her body. "Move that ass
faster, whore!" Erik screamed down on her blindly in the throes of sadistic
pleasure, then flicked the merciless whip down on her left breast, laughing
out loud as the tender skin cringed and jiggled under the harsh blow. Thea
began to wildly buck her body in rhythm with Garth's, silently praying for
relief from the torture in her loins, and bracing herself against another
tearing blow from the whip. Her breasts and cunt throbbed in nervous
twitches from the shock of the dual torture, but she continued to smash
herself into the half-wit with seeming abandon, hoping for an end to it
all, and at last feeling the total degradation of her mind and body. The
half-wit's breath now came in heaving gasps and sweat covered his entire
body as he strained and jerked to please the man behind the whip. The
incredible buildup of hormone injections kept his cock rock hard, but his
terror of the man with the whip unconsciously controlled his mind and
prevented him from emptying his sperm immediately into the hot pulsating
tunnel beneath him. His knees felt like they would give and buckle from
under him at any moment, but when he paused to rest the hot flicker of the
whip would find its mark again so he continued on, driving and lunging his
prick into the gaping cunt without cessation. Dr. Quinn's head reeled at
the lewd scene taking place before him, and though he tried desperately to
divorce his emotions from his clinical observations, he could not. His body
was on fire with lust and desire and there was nothing he could do but
stand back and watch with enviable longing. He turned his head away in
disgust at the sight of Erik, completely consumed and out of control with
lust and hate, and walked over to Lisa's limply sprawled body that was now
loaded with the hormone injection. If she were to be awakened now, he knew
she would be almost as animalistic and uncontrollable as the ape-like Garth
now fucking her aunt half senseless. He reached down and gently stroked at
the opening of her cunt with the tips of his fingers. Immediately the soft,
hair-lined lips twitched in repose, and a soft moan hissed from the young
girl's lips. The grunts and groans of torture and lust coming from the cage
behind him and the slapping of flesh against flesh intermingled with the
indescribable words of obscenity that Erik persisted to shout down at them,
pushed Dr. Quinn's frustrations to their limit, leaving no more room for
scientific reasoning. He could no longer wait, so he decided to take a
chance on the serum and quickly, before he could have time to change his
mind, he injected a double dose of the pink fluid into his arm. He brushed
the sweat from his forehead and shut his eyes, trying to relax the tensed
up muscles in his body as he waited for the serum to fully circulate
through his pulsating veins. Within a few minutes, strange sensations of
liberation pulsed rhythmically through his entire being, releasing his
inhibitions and slowly building up a feeling of powerful lust-incited drive
between his loins. He wanted to reach down and feel for certain if the
hardness of his tormented cock was a reality in fact and not just a mere
wishful dream. Slowly opening his eyes and looking hopefully down at his
crotch, he gasped in surprised delight upon seeing the unmistakable bulge
pushing against the pressure of his trousers. At long last his dream of
virility was coming to pass! His long years of patience and waiting had
paid off, the serum was working! He quickly unsnapped his pants and let
them drop to his feet, gazing in wonder at the bulge still gradually
enlarging beneath the cotton of his underwear. His trembling hands reached
delicately beneath the tight elastic band of his shorts and gently lifted
it over and off the precious bulging shaft, being careful not to disturb
its growing length. The sinewy shaft immediately sprang forward, hard and
erect with its purple veins throbbing with life and vigor. He gasped in
disbelief and wonder at his new found virility, now standing straight out
in front of him like a menacing cannon ready to fire. It twitched and
jerked as he hesitantly grazed the tips of his fingers across its bulbous
blood-filled head, flushing a deeper red under the stimulation of his own
touch. His balls felt like they were on fire and ready to burst at any
moment. A low whimper rolled from Lisa's slightly parted lips, as the dawn
of consciousness stirred through her limbs, awakening her slowly from the
drugged sleep. Her smooth white creamy flesh quivered in anticipation and
stimulation brought on by the powerful hormone injection, and even though
she was not yet fully conscious, her ankles pushed against the hard leather
straps as she tried to spread her legs apart to cool the persistent burning
deep in her eager pussy. Another whimper sounded from between her tongue
moistened lips as her eyelashes softly fluttered open to view the long,
hard cock staring back at her on the other end of the table. Dr. Quinn
eagerly unstrapped the leather from her ankles and lifted his body onto the
table in a clumsy attempt to mount her and plunge his cock into her soft
passage. Lisa's eyes bulged wide with excitement and uncontrolled lust as
she suddenly, without warning, threw her legs wide apart and locked his
head between her hot loins, burying his nose and lips in the wide open,
hairlined slit of her cunt. The thousand tiny demons were back again
building up numberless bonfires all over her body until nothing remained
but one huge unchecked wall of fire, completely possessing her and driving
her uncontrolled inhibitions into acts of animal lust. She groaned out loud
as the exquisite pressure from his probing tongue expanded and released,
playing on the burning bud of her clitoris and dancing around the rough
pink edges of her naked cunt. His long firm fingers reached up and grasped
the fleshy mounds of her firm upraised tits, pulling down on them until the
stretched skin rippled from the stimulating sensations of pain. Lisa
strained against the straps that pinned her wrists cruelly back over her
head, but could not break the cruel, restricting bonds. She wanted to reach
down and push his torturing tongue deeper into her hot expanding passage.
"Let me loose! Let me at it!" she screamed down at him with insane,
frustrated rage. "I want it, I want it! Oh God, I want it!" The doctor
tried with all his strength to tear his head away from her wildly gyrating
crotch but the strength of her thighs, tightly wrapped around his neck kept
his face pressed hard into her squirming pussy. Her strength was that of a
mad-woman and in spite of her desperate, prodding screams for him to give
it to her she could not bear to release his flicking tongue from between
her legs for even the moment it would take for him to crawl the length of
her naked, squirming body. He groaned out his frustration wetly into her
liquid vagina and took his revenge by a faster and deeper flicking of is
pistoning tongue that brought greater and even more desperate cries from
her open, pleading mouth. The sadistic Erik had stopped his lashing of the
still wildly copulating half-wit and the girl's aunt in the cage, his
concentration interrupted by the tortured and pleading screams of the young
girl bound to the table. His cock throbbed under his pants as his eyes
turned on the unbelievable, lewd scene taking place a scant few feet from
where he was standing. The young virginal girl had gone completely mad, her
face contorted into a lust-crazed mask of desire that he had never seen on
any woman, even the wildest of nymphomaniacs he met frequently in his
business. Mechanically, he unzipped his pants and advanced on the
struggling couple, his lust already sparked almost beyond endurance by
watching the proud, haughty Thea's body succumbing to the fucking it was
receiving from the ape-like half-wit thrusting in and out like an animal
between her flailing legs. Now, now he would take his full revenge from the
junky bitch by planting himself deep in her helpless niece's body and later
he would torment her with it for as long as she lived by a blow by blow
description of how it felt to fuck her own brother's sweet innocent
daughter. He dropped the whip to the floor, and walking to the end of the
table where her arms were tightly bound in the leather straps, released
them. He chuckled lewdly to himself as with a deep grunt she dropped them
desperately to her rotating crotch and tangled them tightly into the hair
of the hungrily sucking doctor's head, pulling his face deeper into the
open slit of her throbbing pussy. Goddamn she was going to be good he
smiled evily, a sudden and more obscene thought coming to his sadistically
distorted mind. He would take her all right, but he would take her where he
knew she was still certain to be a virgin, where no one else had taken her
before. The depraved thought excited him even more than he had been excited
before and he stroked strongly at his already hardened penis as he watched
with lust-filled eyes the girl writhing more violently now beneath the wet,
spearing tongue of the doctor still tightly trapped between her legs. His
first impulse was to rip him away immediately and throw himself on top of
her to satiate his own growing lusts but he held back for a moment. He
could see that she was approaching her climax and now he wanted her to have
it so that her first wild release of her pent-up passions would drain her
desires slightly and she would feel her coming humiliation to the fullest.
Lisa groaned out her building passion now in a steady un-ending stream of
muffled pleas to the thrusting tongue of the mouth feasting between her
legs. She gave a gasp and then another as his lips closed up over her hard
little clitoris. She strained her hips up at his mouth, arching her back
and gritting her teeth tightly together. She wanted to cum, she wanted to
reach that magical peak and her entire body and mind strained and bucked to
meet that end. She revolved her hips in a wide, circular motion, thrusting
up at his flicking tongue each time she reached the uppermost position. "Oh
God, don't stop, don't stop," she pleaded through her compressed lips. "Eat
me, eat me alive!" With that, the wildly sucking doctor bit down hard on
her clitoris, making her scream with a strange sadistic mixture of pleasure
and pain. She felt as though her whole insides were going to erupt into a
fiery inferno of white-hot heat-and then it did! "Ooooh, Oooooh," she
panted desperately. "Go on, go on, don't stop, don't stop. Suck, suck
harder!" And then there was a loud roaring sound resounding through the
depths of her tortured brain and she choked, splaying her legs out wide in
the air, her toes curling and uncurling as the spasmodic shocks of her
completion rippled wave-like through her quivering loins and wildly heaving
belly. She screamed again in uninhibited delight and prayed for it to go on
and on, never stopping for the slightest moment. And then it was over.
Lisa's young, and momentarily satiated body quivered and trembled on the
table, her loins jerking in dying spasms as the crazed doctor continued his
depraved feasting between her now limp and collapsed thighs. Then she could
feel, through the dim haze of her satiation, the wet, slippery tongue being
jerked from her vagina and heard a whimpering protest drifting through her
dully conscious mind: "No, no, she's mine, she's mine!" A dull thud echoed
through the room and then the sound abated. Hands were crawling over her
limp but still gasping nakedness turning her on the table. She didn't
resist. Her will power seemed to have been drained out of her with the
cataclysmic orgasm she had just experienced. Strange and thicker lips than
before were trailing moist, hot kisses over her smooth, oval buttocks
lighting new and tiny fires of desire that seemed to crawl snail-like up
underneath her belly and out to the tips of her still throbbing breasts.
The hands drew the cheeks of her buttocks slowly and gently apart and a hot
breath flooded over her there. She jerked involuntarily as the warm,
soothing air was followed by a hot, wet tongue licking up and down the full
length of the crevice between them. She groaned softly as she felt a sudden
strain on the tight, puckered lips of her tiny, virginal anus. Two thumbs
on either side of it were pressing outward exposing it to the strange man's
gasping view. She felt suddenly obscenely naked with the eyes she knew were
there gazing into her secret- most part that way, but somehow it didn't
matter, nothing mattered now but the tiny fires building again deep inside
her breasts and belly. "Spread your legs," an unknown voice commanded from
behind her. Without thought she obeyed whoever it was and opened her legs
as wide as she could until her toes were hanging dowel far out over the
edges of the padded table. "Ooooh," she moaned slightly as she felt a
finger prodding at her open and defenseless rectum. She winced and strained
at it and suddenly it entered with a slight pop. It hurt slightly for a
moment and then the pain faded, making it almost pleasant. The finger
rotated around in her anus, expanding it slowly until the full length of it
was buried up to the palm of the hand controlling it. She moaned again as
the pain returned only to fade just as quickly as he began to gently saw it
in and out in time to his breath that was now coming in small rhythmic
gasps. Another finger joined it, the pain less this time from the opening
the other had created. She clenched her eyes tightly shut and pressed her
mouth into the padded table as she felt him begin to deliberately stretch
her asshole. It hurt momentarily every time he made a sharp sudden move and
his fingernails came into contact with soft, sensitive walls of the inside
of her rectum but now the fires building in her were taking command of her
body again. The pain blended into a strange searing want that she could not
understand or even want to understand. The only thought in her
passion-drugged mind was that it was a desire that had to be filled, a
flame that had to be quenched, nothing else mattered. "Oh God, give it to
me," she groaned, her head turning to one side so that he could see the
flushed tinge of desire registered there. "Fuck me there." His fingers
withdrew from her with a slight sucking noise, the rubbery lips of her
tight, puckered anus clinging to them as though they did not want to let
go. There was a soft, flaccid weight pressing down the full length of her
body as she felt his bulbous form crawling on top of her back. His hands
hooked under her hips where they joined her thighs and he lifted. "Kneel in
front of me," he hissed, a growing desperation apparent in his voice.
Obediently, she lifted to her knees, aided by his hands and presented the
full rounded moons of her buttocks up to him, white and soft in the dim
light of the room. Without thinking, her hands snaked back under
wide-spread legs and belly and closed softly around his balls. He groaned
as she kneaded and stroked at them increasing his desire to fuck and
humiliate the young innocent girl kneeling slave-like before him as he had
never wanted to fuck and humiliate a woman in his entire life. "Put it in,"
he hissed down at her again, confident her sudden unleashed passions would
overcome any fear she had of the possible pain. Her hand lifted from his
balls to his penis. God, it was monstrous. It was far, far bigger than the
fingers that had probed into her before and in spite of the drug and the
flames licking inside her stomach a sudden twinge of fear rippled through
her body. "Put it in, I said," his voice commanded again in a harsher tone
this time, his fingers digging cruelly into her hips. She tried to buck
forward to escape the cruel ungreased telephone pole that was sliding up
the full length of wide-stretched rectum. She moaned and straining her body
outwards guided the huge, bulbous head toward the widespread crevice of her
ass until the soft, rubbery tip was pressed tight against the tiny puckered
lips of her rectal opening. "Oooooh God," she whimpered, trying to pull
forward away from him as he pressed ahead and wormed the point hard into
the resisting rubbery opening. "Aaagghh, God," she moaned as she felt the
tight rubbery ring of her rectum being stretched beyond all her
imagination. But, there was no respite, just a cold, merciless chuckle
behind her buttocks swaying high in the air. "Oooooph! . . . Noooooo! . . .
Nooooo! . . . You're splitting me . . . You're splitting me!" He had
suddenly rammed forward with all his strength and the poor whimpering girl
felt as though a giant ungreased telephone pole were sliding up the full
length of her wide-stretched rectum. She tried to buck forward to escape
the cruel impalement of her bowels but his hands digging into her hips held
her tight. "Oooh, nooo, nooo, you're killing me . . . you're killing me!"
But there was no mercy. The sadistic drug-pusher was not going to let her
go now, not when for the first time in his life he had a young innocent
girl kneeling before him with his rock-hard cock sunk half-way up her ass.
He grinned a lewd, evil grin and rammed forward again with pelvis, at the
same time pulling back against the tops of her thighs. "Ohh God, it's too
big, it's too big. I can't take it," she cried, wriggling her hips in
useless protest. There was no escape from his cruel onslaught, his thighs
thrusting her thighs forward, his arms held her hips back at his. She was
helpless and completely at his mercy. "Lean back, lean back!" he was almost
shouting as the back of her head pressed in piteous torment tightly into
the padding of the table. Her mind refused to work. Her whole body was
wracked with pain and as if in a hypnotic trance she reached up behind her
hips and grasping the cheeks of her ass with both hands, she spread them as
wide apart as she could and bucked back against his pelvis just as he
thrust forward with all his strength. "Aaaaagggghhhh!" She screamed down
into the padding, her eyes almost bulging from her sockets as the final
inch of his giant pulsating cock sunk to the balls deep inside her
enormously stretched rectum. "Oooph! Ooooph! Oooooph!" she gasped. It was
as though her asshole had suddenly become the deep, dark refuge for some
huge, black, crawling monster that had slithered up inside her. Now mewling
and wheezing with lust and delight her tormentor began to saw rhythmically
and without the slightest mercy deep up into the soft confines of her
tortured anal passage, the pain easing slightly with each hard, brutal
thrust. And now, in spite of the remaining pain, the wicked and deadly
hormone Dr. Quinn had injected into such a short time ago began to take
it's toll again. A strange masochistic joy began to reverberate through her
and the pails became weirdly delightful. Her body, without her conscious
effort began to move backwards to meet the forward thrust of the cock
skewering into her. Her body undulated and her buttocks swayed high in the
air behind her in tiny sensuous circles. Her excitement was growing bit by
bit and she reached back under her belly and gently cradled his swinging
balls in her hands, massaging and caressing at them as though they were
precious stones smacking against the still wet slit of her pussy. She
turned her head to her side, hoping she could see the body pounding into
her back passage but it was impossible, her neck would not bend enough.
But, the depraved Erik pummeling into her from behind could look down on
her contorted face, her lips drawn tight back over her teeth and revel in
the effect her expression showed the lewd fucking of her asshole was having
on her. His eyes bulged in obscene satisfaction at the sight of the pink,
tight flesh of her anus drawing back as he withdrew his cock from deep
inside her and then disappearing back inside again as he thrust himself
brutally forward. At first, when he had first rammed it all the way down
inside her the pressure against the hardness of his cock had almost been
unbearable, but now by rotating his instrument around deep down in her
bowels he had stretched it to the point where the soft, sensuous walls
clasped him perfectly. Just right to milk the sperm right out of him when
the moment came. And it was coming! He could feel it building deep down in
his balls as her inspired hands continued to stroke and fondle at him as
though she had gone insane. He began to fuck in and out of her with long,
rapid strokes, battering her quivering buttocks with his soft, paunchy
belly. His hands kneaded her hips and buttocks, twisting and molding the
soft, resilient flesh into weird shapes and forms as he so desired. Strange
animal-like mutterings spewed from his throat and he spat obscenities down
at her humping body as though she were a two-bit whore. His hands raced
further over her behind, pulling and stretching the full round moons of her
buttocks apart until he brought further cries of pain from the open, gaping
mouth he could see opening and closing fish-like below him. Her head
flailed from side to side on the padding, her long, silken hair beating the
table on either side of her head as she twisted convulsively beneath him.
His cock was heavy and weighted with the fantastic load of hot, liquid
sperm building inside of him. And then it came! "Ooooh Christ! Christ," he
groaned, his hands digging at her buttocks, touching her where the base of
his painfully inflated cock entered her asshole. Lisa, kneeling helplessly
but uncaring beneath him, could feel it coming. Incoherent blasphemies
rolled from her tortured lips. "Fill me, juice me, juice me," she shouted
down into the padding as her head turned wildly from side to side. She was
out of her mind and wanted nothing more than to feel him erupting like a
fiery volcano deep up inside her rectum. She wanted it like this, she
wanted to be debased, to be destroyed by this giant cock screwing into her
as though she were a piece of dirt. There had never been anything in her
entire life that she wanted more than her belly to be filled by his
white-hot sperm squirting far up inside her hungry, clasping anus.
"Ooooooh, Ooooooh," his body jerked behind her and he gasped, choked out
another obscenity, gasped again and with one last buttocks-jarring thrust
shattered his hot, lewd sperm in wave after wave into the throbbing depths
of her rectum. "Aaaaggghhh . . . Aaaaaaaaaggghhhhh," she crooned beneath
him, her anus clasping and sucking at his ejaculating penis like a hungry
child feeding on its mother's breast. It lasted a seeming eternity and it
wasn't until several minutes later that his slowly debating cock gave one
last soul-rending jerk and sent the last lewd drop of his now depleted cum
reeling deep up in her quivering belly. He reeled back from her kneeling
body and struggled to keep his balance. His eyes were strained and out of
focus from the exertion he had just been through and he offered no
resistance when a hairy ape-like arm shoved him roughly to one side. The
girl had rolled over on her back now and he could dimly see the shaggy
creature pushing her limp legs apart and crawling up on the table between
his legs and Erik caught but a fleeting glimpse of it's enormity as he saw
it disappear immediately into the gaping hair-lined slit between the young
girl's legs. He waited for her scream as he saw the monstrous balls of the
half-wit suddenly hit bottom and smack heavily into the wide- spread
crevice of her ass. But . . . there was none! He heard a slight muffled
groan from the tiny body covered completely by the thick ape-like creature
and then her long, lithe legs snaking out in the air on either side of his
already pumping body and clamping back tight around his driving hips,
pulling him deep inside her. Her ankles locked tightly together high up on
his back, her arms pressing his head and lips down on her face. She grunted
once and he saw her tongue slip up from her open panting lips and bury
itself deep in the half-wit's mouth. There was another sound in the room
and he turned to the cage. The doctor had obviously opened the door, chased
his ward out and was now busily thrusting his way in and out of the
squirming body of Thea, the girl's aunt. He started to get dressed and
leave, but decided against it. He wanted his turn again, on one of them
anyway, perhaps even both.



              Chapter 13

   The phone ringing unanswered downstairs interrupted Nell's frantic and
unsuccessful search for the drug. For the past two hours she had covered
and uncovered every conceivable hiding place with no luck. Now, she
scurried down the long stairway and into the den to answer the phone before
the party on the other side of the line had a chance to hang up. "Hello,
Brookdale Lodge," she panted, trying to catch her breath. "Hello," replied
a mild masculine voice. "This is George Colby, is Thea there?" "Oh . . .
Mr. Colby," Nell answered, a slight nervous tremor in her voice. "No sir,
she's not. Took her niece away on a trip, but don't know exactly where . .
." "That's strange," he said. "She was supposed to call me several days
ago. I'm in Brookdale now, and Lisa's boyfriend, Mark is here with me . . .
he's quite anxious to hear how Lisa is getting along. Do you suppose I
could talk to Dr. Quinn?" "Why . . . y-yes sir . . . Hold on. He's down in
the lab, and I'll have to go get him." Nell pushed the hold button and made
her way quickly down to the lab, a mixture of panic and confusion ringing
in her ears. She knew Dr. Quinn would not want Colby or anyone else
snooping around Brookdale right now, and would leave it up to him to
elaborate on the lie she had started to cover Thea's and Lisa's strange
disappearance. The lab door was locked, so she used a master key to let
herself in and made her way to the back of the room. She was startled to
hear strange animal grunts and moans coming from the animal section and
tiptoed with caution to investigate what could possibly be going on. The
lewd scene that met her eyes as she peered around the corner, took her
breath away. Ugly, hairy nude masculine bodies were ripping and screwing
away at the two helpless females from every possible angle, with their
large red pricks attacking the sensual points of their body, as she stood
riveted to the spot and opened her mouth in a silent scream of protest, but
she remained unnoticed, and the wild orgy continued undisturbed. She ducked
back around the corner and away from their view, leaning against the wall
to catch her breath. Her hands twitched in nervous spasms and huge tears
brimmed at the corners of her eyes as the shock gradually subsided in her
body. She had to think of some way to rescue Lisa and to destroy Dr. Quinn,
for she hated him so much now that her own welfare no longer mattered. Her
mind raced with thoughts of a possible solution, but soon she realized in
despair that she would not be able to successfully help Lisa escape without
the aid of others. By the time she had reached the den she knew what she
would have to do, there was no other choice. She picked up the receiver
with trembling hands, and paused a moment to regain some semblance of
composure, then pressed down on the flashing hold button. "M-Mr. Colby?"
"Yes Nell," he answered with a note of concern in his voice. "Is something
wrong, you sound upset "I-It's about Lisa and Thea. I have to talk to you,
but not here." "What do you mean?" he asked, with growing astonishment. "Is
something wrong? What is it Nell?" "I-I can meet you in half an hour at the
Brookdale Steakhouse. P- Please don't argue . . . I can't talk now."

              *  *  *

   Nell steered Dr. Quinn's limousine into the graveled parking lot just as
George Colby was getting out of his car. He was with a young handsome boy
and when they saw her pull up, they both rushed over to the car to meet
her. "Now what's this all about," George Colby demanded. Has something
happened to Lisa or Thea?" "Let's go inside," Nell said. The hot sun burned
at her eyes, still swollen from crying, and she knew she would have to have
a stiff drink to gather up the courage to tell the tale of horror and of
what she had just witnessed. George Colby ordered a round of drinks and
waited patiently for Nell to begin, while the boy, Mark, sat nervously on
the edge of his seat, silently observing her with anxious anticipation.
When the drinks were served, Nell grabbed her glass and gulped down the
burning liquid as if it were ice water, then, in a low voice, began the
story at the beginning, starting with the experiments. She knew that if she
did not ten them all of the facts, they would never believe the horrible
incidents that were now taking place at Brookdale. As she spoke, she could
see the expression on their faces change from shocked disbelief to anger,
and when she got to the part about Lisa entrapped in the cage, Mark
suddenly shoved his chair away from the table and ran for the door. Colby
hurried after him, and finally caught up with him in the parking lot.
"Wait, Mark," he commanded. The situation was so grave that he didn't want
Mark involved at all, if possible. He was too upset to be of any use. He
moved in front of Mark, blocking his way to the door of the car. "Get out
of my way," Mark shouted, his eyes burning with rage. "Not until you calm
down. You're not going to be of any help the way you are now." "We have to
get her out right now," Mark said, shoving him aside. "Just how can you be
so calm . . . Don't you care what's happening to Lisa?" Colby grabbed his
arm and spoke in a cold determined voice. "I care . . . about both of them.
But I won't be able to help them with you storming in there and tearing up
the place. You could get them both killed!" Mark slumped reluctantly
against the car, realizing that Colby was light. "What can I do," he asked
in a low voice. "Here's a dime. Call the Chief of Police . . . His name is
Garrison, I've known him for a long time. Tell him, briefly what's going
on, and to meet us with some of his men at the entrance gate to the Lodge.
I'll have Nell go ahead and unlock the gate, and we'll be ready for them by
the time they get there." He paused, seeing that Mark was on the verge of
tears. "Try to keep a cool head, Mark . . . with any luck, we'll have them
out of that mad-house in no time." Colby went back into the bar, and
brought another drink over to the table where Nell was still waiting,
nervously sucking on the ice at the bottom of her drained glass. He set the
new drink down in front of her and pulled a memo pad from his coat pocket,
placing it on the table in front of her. "Alright, Nell, I want you to
sketch me a rough layout of the grounds around Brookdale Lodge . . . and
the interior of the lab. And while you're at it, tell me the rest of the
story before the boy gets back ... we've got little time to loose.

              *  *  *

   The young intern stepped quietly into Room 104 and nodded to the nurse
on duty, then studied the chart attached to the foot of the bed. His eyes
expertly scanned the cold medical facts that were listed on the paper
giving him the current status of the patient's condition. When he had
finished, he set down the chart and studied the young girl sleeping on the
bed before him. The chart bad no special blocks or spaces to list the
personal tragedy caused by unthinkable tortures and degradation that the
girl had most probably gone through, he thought. He remembered when they
had brought her in through Emergency Receiving less than a week before, and
the shock and anger that he felt when examining her body in the Emergency
Room. At that time the girl had been semi-conscious and physically battered
to a whisper of life, but now after his treatment of prolonged sedation and
undisturbed rest, a faint tinge of color had slowly returned to her cheeks,
and her breathing appeared to be normal. He stepped to the side of the bed
and gently pushed back the plastic name tag attached loosely to her wrist,
counting the seconds from his watch to the beat of her pulse. When he
glanced back again to his patient, he was mildly surprised to see her
looking back at him with sleepy eyes. "Well, Miss Carter," he said with a
smile. "Have you enjoyed your rest?" "W-where am I?" Lisa asked, looking
around the room, trying to find an object which she could identify. The
room had the unmistakable, sterile look of a hospital room, but the doctor
and nurse were total strangers. "You're at Brookdale General Hospital," the
doctor said, "and you've been here for almost a week, young lady. How do
you feel?" "I-I'm sort of hungry . . . Do you suppose I could have
something to eat?" "Well now, I guess that answers my question, doesn't
it," he said, smiling over to the nurse. "Nurse Benton, here will bring you
a snack, and if you feel up to it later, there's a visitor outside that's
been quite anxious to talk to you." Forty-five minutes later Lisa sat
relaxed against her propped-up bed pillow and greeted George Colby with a
smile as he stepped into her room. The afternoon sun streaked down through
the Venetian blinds and onto her shiney golden hair, now freshly brushed
and tied back with a thin satin ribbon. "You're looking your lovely self
again Lisa," he said, leaning over and brushing his lips against her
forehead. "Thank you, Mr. Colby," she replied, "I do feel better,
considering . . . considering what . . ." Her sentence hung suspended as
the thoughts of the horrible nightmare reached her conscious mind. "Never
mind what happened Lisa," he interrupted gently, "all that's over with, and
believe me with the charges slapped against Quinn and Holz, I doubt that
they'll ever breath air outside a prison wall again." Lisa breathed an
audible sigh of relief, then listened to him without interrupting, as he
told her the rest of the story. "It was Nell who is really responsible for
leading the police to the lab that day. Because of her cooperation, they
were able to catch both Quinn and Holz before they had any warning or a
chance for escape. Nell's in jail now because of her prior involvement, but
I'm doing everything I can to see that she gets an even break. I promised
her that much, and I think I'll be able to help her . . . but I'm not sure
right now how much I can do for Thea. "I-Is she alright?" Lisa asked. "Yes,
she's well enough now. As a matter of fact, she's just a few doors down
from your room. Up until a couple of days ago, though, she was in a deep
coma, brought on by a combination of drugs that had been injected in her
body. Funny, at the peak of the coma, all she kept raving about was a blue
glass vase, but when I asked her about it later, she said she couldn't
imagine what the significance could be, can you?" "No . . . not at all,"
Lisa said, "I saw very little of Thea while I was at Brookdale."
"Nevertheless, according to Nell, she had a deep involvement in the strange
goings on around there. I'm afraid she'll be held as an accomplice, unless
she can prove otherwise." Nurse Benton interrupted their conversation and
stepped into the room. "There's a call for you downstairs, Mr. Colby. It's
Chief Garrison . . . He says its important." Colby nodded to the nurse and
turned back to Lisa. "I have to go now, but in case your interested,
there's another visitor waiting to see you outside. He's been standing by
your door like a sentry ever since they first brought you in, and now he
wants to see how his girl is doing." "M-Mark . . . Oh no I can't see him,"
she sobbed. "Does he know?" "He knows you've been hurt, that's all, and now
he wants to see you." "Yes . . . I guess it's about time that I stop
thinking so much about my own feelings, and start thinking about those who
still care for me," Lisa responded with a new-found tone of maturity in her
voice. "Thank you Mr. Colby," she said, extending her hand, "tell the nurse
I'm ready to see Mark now." Thea pulled at the edge of the bedsheet
nervously, while George Colby talked to her in a lowered voice. "I just
talked to Chief Garrison on the phone, and I'm afraid you're in a lot more
trouble than you think. Garth has just died from the overdose of a
synthetic hormone . . . given to him with your knowledge." "Garth . . .
dead?" she said incredulously. "But I didn't know there was any danger in
the experiments." "Well, that's something we'll have to prove. There's one
chance for a light sentence . . . Garrison wants to know if your willing to
testify as a witness against Dr. Quinn." "Y-yes, I will. Believe me, I had
no idea that Garth was in any kind of danger." "Ok, Thea. I'll do what I
can for you, but first you've got to prove to me and the courts that you
are willing to voluntarily commit yourself for drug addiction treatment."
"When?" she asked, trying to conceal the panic mounting in her drug starved
body. "As soon as possible. The doctor says he can release you in a few
days, and if you are willing to sign yourself in, I can get you a room at a
private clinic. That will at least prove to the courts that you're willing
to cooperate . . . Well, what do you say?" Thea shrugged her shoulders in
apparent reluctant acceptance. "Alright, I'll go . . . but before I do,
there are a few small things I'll have to pick up at the Lodge. Is that all
right with you?" "I see no harm in that," he answered, standing up from his
chair to leave the room, "Oh, by the way, did you ever remember what the
connection was between the blue vase and your nightmares?" "No," she said
lowering her eyes from his gaze and smiling inwardly at the knowledge no
one had found her secret hiding place. "Goodbye, George, I'll see you in a
few days."

               The End