                               THE TRIP
                        By Charles Baudot
                          June 19, 1991


                           ...........
                           .CHAPTER-1.
..................................................................


I think, sometimes, that I was born 100 Yrs too late.  You ever
get that feeling?  It's happened more than once to me.  I sub-
scribe to the K.I.S.S. (Keep It Simple Stupid) method when it
comes to my daily task of going through the day.  I don't like to
complicate my life anymore than I have to.  But I just can't seem
to get it together.  I am usually an easy-going person, but some
tasks that shouldn't be, are now complicated.

Take for example just going to the local Burger Doodle for a
simple, quick, light, snack.  There is a special going on.  A
Works Burger with large Fries and a Soda, for a special price.  I
don't want the soda.  I want coffee.  I ask for the Special with
coffee.  I may as well have been talking to the wall.  The person
behind the counter told me in no uncertain terms that I could not
do that.  Oh no.  I explained that the coffee was a cheaper item
than a soda was in the place and that they were getting the better
of the deal.  Well, to make a long story short, the manager had to
be called in and a conference was held.  I just said "F" it and
walked out.  I think they were still talking about it as I drove
away.  JUST GIVE ME THE DAMN COFFEE!  Don't argue with the
customer.  These kids have no respect for the generation that
fathered them.  They have no training to survive in the real
world.  STOP THE WORLD.  I WANT TO GET OFF!

That's just one problem.  Modern technology has made us (mankind)
lazy.  If there is an error in your bill or in your order, it gets
blamed on the computer.  You call long distance to a major
manufacturer of goods to get information on a product,  and you,
if you're lucky, get through the main switchboard, chances are you
will be switched to the wrong department or the only person who
knows anything has a high-tech answering machine.  People cut you
off in traffic or run the red lights.....What the hell am I
bitching about?  Things can't be that down.  The only way out is
up.  It can't get any worse.  Relax Charles, relax.

I am going to relax, alright.  I have a little money saved up and
plan on early retirement from my chosen field of endeavor.  I want
to find myself a secluded place to live so I can walk around
naked without worrying about the neighbors seeing it.  "And the
beat goes on."

Months passed.  Two years passed.  I cashed in a few chips and
got my self into a comfortable position financially, to start
looking for my secluded hideaway.  I made my selection just like
the military does.  I put the map of the state on the wall and
threw a dart at it.  I wanted to stay here in the state, so it
didn't matter where it landed as long as it was away from any
major city or town I've heard of.

The dart stuck in the map at a location known as the Tidewater.
The point of the dart was stuck specifically in an area known as
Ware Neck/Mobjack Bay, off State Route 14 on Route 623.  This
sounded good to me.  Mobjack Bay opened into the Chesapeake Bay.
Even better.  So I took off to go look at the area.  I could
always throw another dart if I didn't like this.

The journey was uneventful.  I found Route 14 and Route 623 with
no problem.  One thing I'll say about Virginia roads, is that they
sure are winding and narrow back in this area...Wow!  The day was
pleasant; not too hot, not too cool.  Just the kind of day you
might want to pull off to the side and take a nap.

I began to spot what I thought was the Chesapeake Bay, through the
open gaps in the dense forest.  I knew I heard this area calling
my name.  The road wound around to the right and suddenly doubled
back.  I had reached the point, land's end.  There  was a small
clearing in the trees and what looked like an access road down to
the shore line.  I turned into the road to see where it went.
About a mile down the road, the road ended at the base  of an old
abandon lighthouse atop a 100 Ft. bluff overlooking the Chesapeake
Bay  I couldn't get any further East if I tried.  This was it.  I
looked around the land and the lighthouse and decided that I
wanted it.  No question about it.


Looking at the map, I saw that the town of Gloucester was about
ten miles away, down on the main U.S. Route 17.  Surely there must
be a real estate company around there.  I took off for Gloucester
to make the day complete.  A trip to a "dart selected" area to
find a place to live. falling in love with it, and making an offer
all in the same day.  Am I an impulsive buyer or what?

I found a real estate /grocery /hardware /gas office /store
/station.  That's what I like about the charm of these quaint,
small towns.  The people are so practical.  I didn't have to trace
around all over the countryside.  Everything I needed was right
here.  If they couldn't help me with the real estate information,
I needed gas too.

"My name is Charles Baudot," I said.  "I was wondering if you knew
anything about that old lighthouse down off Rt 623 at the point
near Ware Neck Post Office."

Mrs. Wrenn was her name.  Her husband had come from a long line of
Wrenns' that descended from the English settlers around here in
1607.

"Oh!" Mrs. Wrenn said.  "That lighthouse has been there since
about the late 1700's.  The government turned it over to a private
firm to run and they ran it until the they put so many unattended
lighthouses up that this one became useless.  The private company
was a family run one and they went out of business long ago.  But.
the family has people still around here."

"Good," I said.  "I want to buy it to live in."

Mrs. Wrenn just about dropped her false teeth.  She had never
heard of such a thing.  That lighthouse had been out of sight and
out of mind so many years, that no one ever thought of doing
anything with it.  You can just bet dollar marks lit up in Mrs.
Wrenn's eyes.  Whooooe...She had herself a big-city dude that
wanted to spend money.  Uh Huh.  I had the advantage on her,
though.  Little did she know that I am from country roots too.  I
saw through all of that.  After she reconciled to the fact with
whom she was dealing, things began to smooth out.

I had a feeling that Mrs. Wrenn was an old softhearted romantic
anyway.  She didn't fool me.  She said she would look into the
situation and get back with me.  That's all she could do at this
point.  I gave her my address and telephone number and left for
one final look at the place.  I was confident that I was going to
get it.

On the trip back past the lighthouse, I was just leisurely moving
down the road lost in my thoughts.  I was not paying attention to
anything in particular.  The road didn't have any traffic on it
but me.  All of a sudden, from out of nowhere, a young boy darted
out from the woods across the road in front of my car.  It was all
I could do to maintain control.  I slammed on the brakes, put both
hands on the steering wheel, and brought the car to a complete
stop.  I thought for sure that I was going to hit the kid.

Well I didn't hit him.  That scared the shit out of me.  The boy
had just cleared the car by mere inches.  If he had been any
slower or I had been going faster, I would have hit him with my
driver's side mirror.  I unbuckled my seat belt to got out of the
car and yell at the kid.  I was hot.  Where in the hell did this
kid come from anyway?  Well with my slow ass, by the time I got
out of the car, the kid was gone into the woods on the other side
of the road.  I called him a Shit Head anyway.  Whether he heard
me or not, didn't matter.  I'd know him if I ever saw him again.
The look of horror on his face at the shock of seeing me there all
of a sudden.  His clothes, his shape and his other attributes.  Oh
yes I'd spot him.  The only thing I couldn't figure, was where did
he come from.  I was not aware of anything or anybody around the
area.  Oh well, back to the big city until I heard from Mrs.
Wrenn.


                           ...........
                           .CHAPTER-2.
..................................................................


Mrs. Wrenn called here last Wednesday with good news.  The owner's
of the land where the lighthouse was had agreed to sell the land
to me.  She was going to follow up with all the paperwork on her
end and I would start the ball rolling here and put in for
retirement.  I couldn't wait.  An image of the kid I'd almost hit
flashed in my head,  I hadn't thought of that in weeks.

On August the 6th. all the paperwork had been signed and I packed
up all the building supplies I could get and headed to my
lighthouse...I like the sound of that.  MY lighthouse.  I
contacted Mrs. Wrenn and arranged to meet the owners and collect
the keys to the place if there were any.  I would have to go down 
there every weekend to start fixing up the place inside and out.

One Saturday I was down there working on the lighthouse up on the 
cat walk.  I spotted this motion out the corner of my eye.  An 
image of the kid flashed in my head again.  Why am I connected to 
this kid so much?  This is weird.  Sure enough when I looked up, I 
saw the kid dash out of the clearing into the woods.  The same kid 
I'd almost hit.  I finished what I was doing and came back inside 
to get cleaned up and go back home.  When I got down to the bottom 
of the lighthouse, the only door to the place was wide open and 
there was another set of footprints from sneakers there in the 
dust.  I have had a visitor..... Hmmmm.  Now I was determined more 
than ever to find this kid.  I don't know how just yet, but I'll 
get him.  Maybe I would stay down one weekend and camp out and 
watch for him.

You may know the saying about "the best laid plans of mice and 
men....".  Well that saying was true in my case.  My work schedule 
changed and I couldn't get back down there for quite a few weeks.  
I had enquired with Mrs. Wrenn about the area, whether there were 
any families around there, that may have members that would like 
to earn a little extra money helping me with the place.  Actually 
I was trying to get a line on possible kids in the area that were 
about this kid's age.  This would be a clue to finding who my 
visitor.  She told me that the land for miles around were owned by 
the people that sold me my place and their children were grown.
A third of that was wilderness land by a decree from the State of 
Virginia.  No one could build there for ever and ever.  Well it 
was worth a try.  A few months past by, and I would go down there 
whenever I could on days off, to work on the place.  I was looking 
for my visitor each time, but I didn't spot him.  The evidence was 
there, he had been there, but I didn't see him.  Nothing had been 
taken or there was no vandalism, so I didn't call in the local 
law.  But it didn't make it right for the kid to keep getting by 
with it either.  It was a problem I think I could handle myself.

November rolled around.  My final papers came through for my 
retirement.  The Social Security office was happy, and so was I.  
I was so happy, I went out and bought a boat.  Why not?  If I was 
going to live at the water, enjoy it to the fullest.  I put my 
house in the big city on the market, packed up bag and baggage and 
moved into the lighthouse.

My visitor had been there a few more times, it seemed.  Kitchen 
cabinets were in various states of disorder and some food I had 
there for the times I spent overnight, was missing.

"Shit!" I exclaimed.  "I'm going to catch that little bugger."

I looked around to investigate just how he was getting in.  The 
footprints always appeared to be going outside, They are 
dirty,dusty, footprints in distinct patterns on the floor.  I 
followed the tracks to their beginning.  His shoes must have been 
wet, but this was not dust from the floor or sand from the beach.  
This was the type of residue from some of the clay we have in this 
region of Virginia.  Where in the hell is it coming from?  I 
walked  past the stairs leading to the other levels, and just 
beyond them was the beginning of the tracks.  This couldn't be a 
"ghost".  the tracks were there and I saw him.  Footprints in the 
dust don't just show up from nowhere.    A shaft of cool, damp air 
met my nostrils as I investigated the phenomena.  I leaned against 
the wall just behind the stairway to cuss a little while I was 
thinking and I could hear the waves from the tide changes in the 
bay crashing against the shore below my house.  That's odd.  I 
began to pat the wall and sniff like a crazy man.  I hit upon one 
stone and I heard a "click".

Just to my left, a three foot by six foot section of the wall 
swung open as if on hinges.  It was on hinges.  Beyond the doorway 
was a set of stairs leading down into the darkness.


                           ...........
                           .CHAPTER-3.
..................................................................


The initial shock of finding the hidden stairway was a hard 
situation from which to recover.  Was I dreaming? Was this place a 
Hollywood movie set?  I went to my bedroom to get a flashlight.  I 
was going to follow the steps....

"Wait a minute," I said to myself.  "If I go down there, I'll 
leave my footprints too.  My visitor may not return if he sees 
that, so I shined the light to as far as I could see down the 
stairs and collected my thoughts.  I would have to plan a way 
where it would appear that I am out for the day, and in reality, 
be hidden somewhere in the path of my visitor.

Finding the hidden opening was a fluke, but how did I shut it?  I 
explored the wall to find the panel I had pushed on to open it.  
It wasn't too difficult. The panel was protruding from the line of 
the others.  I pushed the panel again .  And "click", the door 
swung back into place.

I had begun to become obsessed with finding my visitor.  It seemed 
that he was not aware of the time.  I cleaned up the tracks on my 
floor one day, and they were there again the next morning while I 
slept.  SHit!  I'm going to get this bugger.

I had to have my car serviced, so I arranged to take it to the 
garage in Gloucester.  The folks there were friendly and they 
offered to take me back home to do what I had to do while they 
worked on the car.  That was damn nice of them.

When I arrived back home, I checked to see if my visitor had 
returned.  He had not.  I had a good vantage point from the living 
room.  It was near the only ground floor door I had to the place.  
I pulled the sofa out enough  to get my fat ass behind it and 
camped out for the duration.

It wasn't long before I heard that now familiar "click".  I also 
heard the sound from the "pitter-patter" of little feet.  I poised 
myself and got ready for action.  Like a tiger in the jungle, I 
concentrated on the sound of my visitor breathing cautiously, 
trying not to make a sound, while walking to the front door,  
slowly, slowly, oh so slowly.

The sound got closer and closer to me....Easy, Charles....Closer, 
closer,  NOW!  I sprang up from behind the sofa with such force 
that I surprised myself, but not as surprised as my young visitor.  
I charged at him yelling as if I was the Kung Fu master of 
Gloucester County.  Oh the look on the kid's face was priceless.

My body made contact with his.  I grabbed him around the waist and 
flattened him against the wall.  I didn't want to hurt him but the 
force of him hitting the wall, knocked the wind out of him a bit.  
From the feel of him, he didn't seem as solid as he appeared.  It 
must be the clothes kids wear nowadays.  They don't put their 
shirts in their pants like normal people and the clothes they wear 
are so loose, that you don't know what's underneath.  My visitor 
was actually smaller and light, as if just barely into his teenage 
years.  He was about five feet tall and had an angelic face with a 
head of dark brown hair that looked as fine as silk.

In typical police fashion, I held him up against the wall with one 
hand and reached out for one of his hands and bringing it behind 
his back.  Obtaining my goal, I held on to him while I grabbed his 
other hand and brought that back behind him while continuing to 
hold him against the wall.  Holding both his hands in that 
position with my right hand, I grabbed his shirt collar and spun 
him around, slamming him down onto the sofa, not releasing my grip

"Leave me alone, you asshole," he said.

"Hmmmm," I said.  "If that ain't the pot calling the kettle black.  
Who the hell are you?  Why have you been farting around here all 
this time?.....Answer me, kid."

I didn't know just how to approach this problem.  I didn't want to 
use force, but I wanted to make him think that he was within 
inches of the life as he knew it.  As far as he was concerned, I 
was going to put him "under" the jail.  In very firm tones, I 
said,

"Alright, start talking.  What's your name, boy?"

 "Alex," came the reply.

"Well Alex," I said, "you aren't too smart.  You've been leaving a 
trail every  time you come in here.  I had seen you a couple of 
times at a distance.  If I remember correctly, I almost hit your 
little ass with my car on the road a few months back.  How about 
that, boy?  You're not too clean, either."

Alex squirmed under the force of my grip.  I didn't want my prize 
to get away, but I eased up a bit.  And Alex began to shake, and 
then Alex began to cry.

I am a soft-hearted romantic old fart.  Sometimes I get down right 
emotional.  But I didn't need this.  I had to remain firm so no 
one could tell this scene was getting to me.  It could have been 
fake, too. Just to get sympathy from me for his situation and 
maybe I would be easy on him.  No, damnit, shit no.  I won't fall 
for it.

I reached down and unlaced Alex's shoes and pulled them off.

"Ok Alex," I said.  "You can relax.  Put yourself better on the 
sofa."

 I relaxed the grip more, while still holding him face down onto 
the sofa.  Alex moved to put his full length in a more comfortable 
position.  Geees...  His feet were almost as dirty as the rest of 
him.  This is one kid I will see naked in short order.

"Alex," I said in a firm voice.  Why do you come here through that 
door?  What is at the bottom of those steps?

Alex was still shaking from the fear of being caught.  I didn't 
know if it was from fear of me, or the fear of someone or 
something much greater.

"I can't tell you," came the reply.  "I just can't tell you."

The phone within arms reach, rang.  I picked up the receiver and 
answered it with my right hand while still holding on to Alex with 
my left.  It was the garage about my car.  The mechanics found a 
minor problem that would cause trouble when the Safety Inspection 
time was due.  They had to order a part from the dealer in 
Richmond to fix it.  I told them to do what they had to do and fix 
the problem.  Since they had to have the part put on a bus and 
sent down here it was going to be a couple of days.  The dealer in 
Richmond was a slow ass one.  It would probably be 3 days without 
a car.  That's alright.  I wasn't going anywhere.  I had plenty of 
food in the cabinets for my young, captive audience, visitor.  
Alex would be my guest for the duration, whether he liked it or 
not.

Alex was still whimpering a little.  I released his hands and had 
him turn over on his back.

"Now sit up," I said firmly.

I helped him up by gripping his shirt collar briskly.

"Please don't hit me....Please don't," Alex said, as he tried to 
pull away from me and cowering in the corner of the sofa with his 
hands covering his face.

No, No, I wouldn't harm that angelic face for anything in the 
world.  From Alex's reactions, I think he has been hurt sometime 
in his life, badly.

"No Alex," I said.  "I'm not going to hit you, but you had better 
start talking to me or the police.  They would be a whole lot 
worse than I would ever think of being."

I would never turn him over to the cops, but I have read what 
assholes they can be to kids when it comes to getting information.

Alex began to cry again.  "Damn!"  That did it.  My emotions got 
the best of me.  I sat down beside Alex and held him tightly to my 
chest trying to console him.  I thought today's kids were "Macho"
and would never show a sign of weakness like crying.  I guess I 
was wrong.  I'm a trusting soul sometimes, too trusting.  Human 
nature was telling me this was a ruse, but I took the chance and 
bet this was for real.  This kid had been hurt, and I was going to 
get to the bottom of this.   Hmmm, funny choice of words, I was 
going to do "that" too.

"Come on, come on, Alex," I said as I hugged him.  "Calm down."

I rubbed my hand from Alex's shoulders to the small of his back, 
again and again.  finally, he calmed down and started to relax.  I 
guess he could tell that I meant him no harm.  I guess the ordeal 
of getting caught, etc, must have been too much for him, because 
Alex fell asleep.  The scene was so peaceful, that I fell asleep 
for a few minutes too.

Few minutes?  Hell more like an hour.  When I awoke, Alex was 
still on my chest, breathing deeply and so angelic, as if he was 
just as innocent as a new born baby.  The respective heat from our 
bodies had made us perspire and I was wet from it and I'm sure 
Alex was too.  Shaking him gently, I attempted to wake Alex up.

"Alex...Alex, wake up," I said in soothing tones.  Again.  "Alex, 
Alex, wake up."  This time a little more forceful.

"Huh.....huh?"  Rubbing his eyes.

Alex startled me when he woke up.  He jumped a little because he 
was frightened.  I jumped too, because I wasn't expecting it.  
Alex took one look at me and the fact that I had him in my arms, 
and gave a big sigh of relief.

"Feel better?" I said.  "You've had a good nap.  Over an hour."

"Uh huh." Alex said. "Who are you?  Are you a cop?"

"No I am not a cop," I said. "And my name is Charles.  Now that we 
have that out of the way, suppose you tell me a little about 
yourself. I've been running into you, so to speak, too many times 
now.  What do you do when you come through my door there?"

Alex squirmed and answered me in a most evasive way.

"I come up here from a cave that has an opening down below here on 
the beach," he said.  "When the tide is out, I can get to it.  
When the tide is in, it is flooded.

I'd have to find out about the cave later.  These steps have been 
here a long time.  Maybe the former owners know about it.

Alex continued.  "This is my only way out when it floods.  My 
guardian lets me off in the day so I can do things for him.
He is probably waiting for me now.  You have to let me go.  I 
won't do this again.  He'll beat me if I don't get back on time.
Please let me go."

None of this was making sense.  First of all, what was Alex 
supposed to do for the "guardian"?  Secondly, no one was going to 
beat anybody.

"Hold on Alex," I said.  "You're not making sense.  If what you 
say is true, why be so secretive about it?  You didn't have to 
sneak up through here to do what he wanted.  Also, you are here 
now, and he can't beat you if he can't find you.  Tell me more.
What is it you have to get for him that's so important?"

"I can't tell you that," he said.

I was getting pissed, but I didn't let it show.  I said,

"Can't or won't, Alex?  You're are safe now.  There is nothing to 
be afraid of."

I let the issue drop for the moment.  I would get the story out of 
him later.  The situation had to be illegal.  Drugs or something 
like that.  I had to be careful.  His "guardian" may come looking 
for him.  I couldn't have that.

Since I had been perspiring while holding Alex, I needed a bath.  
Alex most assuredly did. How was I going to work this?  I couldn't 
just let him free while I took a bath.  Hmmm.  Alex didn't flinch 
when I took his shoes off.  I will try his shirt for starters.

Alex and I carried on small talk.  I was trying to relax him so  
he would trust me enough to open up and tell me his story.  I was 
loaded with questions.  The typical who? what? where? why? and 
when?, would do.

I placed my hands on Alex's shoulders and gently turned him around 
to where his back was against my chest.  After we found the mutual 
comfortable position, I reach down and unbuttoned his top shirt 
button.  The only reaction I got was more small talk and the sound 
of easy breathing.  I went to the next button.  No reaction.  I 
went to the remaining buttons and undid them.  Alex didn't object 
at all.  I then took Alex by the shoulders and sat him up so that 
I could remove his shirt.  He put his arms up to help me take it 
off.  While I was at it, I reached for his tee shirt too.  He 
facilitated me with that, also.  Alex was really relaxed now.  I 
wasn't going to push the issue just yet, with all the questions I 
had.

I laid Alex back down on my chest again and continued with the 
small talk.  I looked at him for a long time.  He still had a 
small amount of baby hair along his arms.  In fact, it was a fine 
mist of very light blond hair that had not yet turned dark.  I 
wanted to console him a little more, so I rubbed his chest area 
and carefully brushed across his boy nipples.  He grabbed my arms 
with his hands and hugged me tightly.  I responded with the same 
action.  I believe I was gaining his trust.

To qualify my actions, I said,

"Let's get some of these dirty clothes off of you.  I'll throw 
these in the washer. When they dry, you will feel better with 
clean clothes on."

Upon saying that, I reached down and unbuckled Alex's belt and 
took that off.  Then I unsnaped the top button on his pants and 
unzipped the fly.  I would have thought that I would have 
encountered a major objection, but I didn't get one.

I rested both of my hands on Alex's stomach and spread my fingers 
out to encompass the area just under the top of his now loose 
pants.  I rubbed there too, ever so gently.  Alex jumped a little 
bit, because it was a more sensitive area and it sort of tickled 
him.

I took the top of his pants in my hands and pulled them gently 
down around his buttocks and down toward his knees.  Alex helped 
me by pulling his legs up so I could get them all the way down and 
off.  I sat him up and got up myself to gather his clothes.  He 
fell back down on the sofa all the way and stretched out.  Just 
Alex, his about five foot frame, and his underpants.

I did a quick measure on him.  He appeared to have a waist size in 
the 20's.  Gathering his clothes and sneakers, I said.

"How old are you Alex?"

"Thirteen." came the reply.

Wonderful.  It fit.  The age fit the real body that was underneath 
all the loose fitting clothes Alex was wearing when I pounced on 
him.  That pillow-like feeling.  Then joking, I said,

"Don't go away, Alex."

Ha...ha.  Where was he going to go? He just had his underpants on.

Alex took it seriously.  He said in a most serious tone,

"I won't."

I started the water running in the washing machine and dumped the 
clothes into it, shoes and all.  I added soap, and retrieved a 
bath towel from the dryer.  The washer started churning and I left 
to return to Alex in just his dirty underpants.

"Stand up a minute, Alex," I said.  "I'm going to hold this up in 
front of you and I want you to take your underpants off. Then wrap 
the towel around you."

I wanted to afford him a little privacy.  I wanted him to feel 
comfortable with me.  Alex did as I had asked.  He reached down to 
his waist and pulled his underpants off with one quick motion.  
They fell to the floor and he stepped out of them.  They were a 
dingy, dirty, yellow in color and faded from wearing them too 
long.  It must have been the only pair he owned.

"That's ok, Alex, I'll pick them up."  I said.

He wrapped the towel around him and sat down again on the sofa.  I 
went into the laundry, tossed his underpants in the washer, and 
returned to the living room to almost naked Alex.

I sat down beside him and brought him close to me and put his head 
on my shoulder.

"Who is your guardian, Alex?" I said.

"Mr. Jameco is my guardian,"  he said.

I thought to myself, "Mr."?  Alex is not on a first name basis 
with his guardian?

"Mr.?" I said.  "And Jameco sounds made up to me..."Ain't no 
Irishman I know.  Why do you call him Mr.?"

"Because that's what he wants to be called by uh.....eh, me.

He had almost said "us".  There must be more to this than Alex is 
letting on.  Well I didn't pursue it.

"Are you from around here, Alex?  I asked.

Alex began to shake a little, but answered.

"Norfolk."

I guessed the answer, but I asked it anyway.

"What brings you way up here, Alex?"

As I expected, he answered with a tremble in his voice and a 
slight whimper.

"I can't tell you."

I pulled him more tightly to me and bent my head down and kissed 
him on the forehead.  That seemed to ease things a bit.  We 
carried on with more small talk until the washing machine 
finished.  Whewe.  It smelled like bath time to me.  I had worked 
up a sweat messing with Alex and he was not exactly out of a 
perfume factory either.

"Alex," I said.  "Let's go up stairs and take a shower.  I'll 
throw your clothes in the dryer and you will have fresh clothes to 
put on when we get out."

"Together?"  he said.

"Of course together,"  I said.  "I am responsible for you now.  I 
couldn't have you run off while I was in the shower, could I?"

"I wouldn't run away, Charles...honest I wouldn't."  Alex said.

"Well," I told him.  Just the same, I want to keep an eye on you, 
so let's go."

I made the first move to the stairway leading upstairs and nudged 
Alex along with me, stopping by the dryer first.  We went upstairs 
into the bathroom and I turned the water on in the shower and 
adjusted the temperature.

"Is that ok for you, Alex?"  I asked

He stuck his hand under the shower head to feel the spray.

"Yes, it's fine," he said.

"Good.  Here's a washcloth and there is the soap.  Go to it.  I'll 
be in a minute to help you."

I turned and left the bathroom with  naked Alex in the shower.  I 
undressed myself and went back in the bathroom and stepped my 
naked self into the shower with naked Alex.

Alex jumped and immediately brought his hands down and covered up 
his genital area.  I had to laugh at that.  I guess it was a 
natural reaction. I was a stranger to him.  Here I was now, just 
as naked as he was.  What did he have to hide?

"Come on here, Alex," I said.  "We're both men.  There's nothing 
to hide from each other."

I took the soap from the holder on the wall and moistened it.  I 
began circular motions on Alex's chest, carefully brushing across 
the small nipples.  I then to get lower and lower on his chest 
with the soap, but his arms were in the way.  He was still holding 
onto his genitals.  I pulled him back against me, slightly.  And 
in low, slow, gentle tones, I said,

"Relax. Relax. Reelaaax."

Alex let his hands fall to his side.  I could now continue to wash 
his front.  While he was backed up against me, I was getting hard.  
My rock hard penis found the top of the crevasse of Alex's hind 
parts.

I continued to wash Alex's front while alternately lathering up 
myself too.  Each time I applied soap to Alex, I went lower and 
lower down the front of his body.  My next stop was his penis and 
scrotum area.  When I went across that, Alex jumped again, but let 
me continue without any objections.  I put the soap back in the 
holder and returned my hand to his front and spread the lather 
around.  When I reached his genital area, I carefully encased 
Alex's scrotum and penis in my hands and made sure the soap was 
spread all around.  Then I put Alex's penis between my thumb and 
forefinger and began to smooth out the "wrinkles" in his hairless 
genital area.  I couldn't imagine why he didn't jump or fidget as 
much as I would have expected.  Had he been through this before?

Alex's penis was now "wrinkle free".  For his age, it was small.  
He had about three inches in length, and it was about a half an 
inch across.  It had also been cut at birth.  Here I was as hard 
as a rock and it had never crossed his mind to get hard.  This 
must have been natural to him, being bathed that is.  I don't 
know.  It only seemed that way.

"Alex, turn around so I can get to your back." I said.

He did.  He faced me and threw his arms around me and pulled 
himself tight against me.  My hard penis tight up against his 
abdomen.  Damn, I could stay there forever.  I returned the hug 
and then reached for the soap to wash his back.  I began at the 
shoulders and worked my way down to his little firm butt.  I put 
the soap away again and spread the lather around.  I went into the 
crevasse of his butt so I could wash every inch of skin.  It was 
as hairless as the rest of him.  A fine smooth semi-deep crevasse. 
My fingers brushed carefully across his little anus.  My little 
finger penetrated it ever so slightly.  Alex jumped, but didn't 
say anything.  He didn't have to.  I could feel a movement between 
my legs.  Alex was breathing deeper.  Alex was getting hard.

I continued to wash Alex's back and butt.  As I did so, I brushed 
across what appeared to me as old scars or wounds.

"What happened here, Alex?"  I asked touching one of the scars.

"That's where Mr. Jameco hit me with his razor strap."  He 
strained to say.

"Why did he do that?"  I asked.  "Did you do something wrong or 
was he drunk?...By the way, as long as you are with me you don't 
have to call him Mr."  Just who is this Jameco anyway?  Is he a 
relative?

"I didn't do what he said for me to do on time." Alex continued. 
"And he had been drinking.  He took that strap and hit me hard.  
He is not really a relative, he's just......"

His voice trailed off.  He wasn't going to tell me all yet.  I 
could see the scars.  He had been hit hard.  Several times, in 
fact.  I hugged Alex tighter and kissed him on the neck  This boy 
had seen some pain.  I reached up and turned the shower spray more 
toward us as we stood there naked and hard under it.  I nudged 
Alex and we washed the soap off together.  as I washed the soap 
off of him, I couldn't help to notice that Alex was indeed hard 
and his penis looked as if it had grown  another inch.  There is 
was in all it's splendor, like a flagpole on the front of a 
building, slender and erect at a twenty degree angle.  I gave it a 
gentle tug to reassure Alex that everything was going to be ok.  
He smiled, turned his head towards me, and  asking me to bend down 
a little.  He gave me a return kiss on my face, as if to say "I 
trust you now".

Alex and I stepped out of the shower and dried off with big bath 
towels.  I wrapped Alex up in one and I wrapped up in the other.  
We then headed for the bedroom.  I said to him,

"Alex, sit here on the bed while I go down to the dryer and get 
your clothes."

I went down to the dryer, retrieved his clothes, and headed back 
upstairs.  When I got there, I saw Alex spread flat out across the 
bed.  He must have been worn out, because he was fast asleep.  I 
removed the towel from him and lifted him up into my arms.  He 
didn't wake up.  His little hard penis had gone as limp as he was.  
I chuckled to myself while I maneuvered Alex around so I could 
pull the bed covers down.  I placed Alex's naked body in the bed 
and put the covers over him.  I removed the towel around me, went 
to the other side of the bed, pulled the covers down and climbed 
naked into bed next to naked Alex.

                                    
                           ...........
                           .CHAPTER-4.
..................................................................


It was about eight thirty P.M. when I awoke.  I looked over at 
Alex and he had not moved.  He was in the same position that I 
left him in.  I reached over and rubbed his stomach, calling his 
name.

"Alex, Alex, let's get up now.  I'm a little hungry, aren't you?"

Alex opened his eyes and stretched his arms with a big yawn.  He 
reached out, turned and threw his body on top of mine, sobbing.

"Thank Goodness you are still here,"  he said.

I returned with a hug and kissed him while rubbing his back and 
butt.

"This is not a dream, Alex,"  I said.  "I'm still here.  Let's go 
down to the kitchen and get something to eat.  Your clothes are 
over there," pointing to the chair.

We got dressed and, for the life of me, I don't know why.  I had 
been naked in the shower with him, I had been naked in the bed 
with him, so why the sudden interest in clothes?  I knew without a 
doubt, that we would be naked again, later.  We headed downstairs 
to the kitchen and I opened up a few can goods and frozen things 
to eat.  It wasn't much, but it filled an empty spot.

Alex and I chatted some more, while we ate, with small talk.  I 
was avoiding the who, what, when, why, and how, question session. 
I figured that he is ready to tell me things that I may or may not 
want to hear.  He would tell me in his own time.

"Charles." Alex began.  "....Uh, MMMis..uhm ....Jameco is a bad 
man.  He runs the island for his company.  We...we all live there, 
me and twelve others.  There are many others that live there, but 
they belong to other guardians.  Are you still going to turn me in 
to the cops?  Jameco would find out and come get me.  He always 
does.  Then he would kill me.  It happened to one of the others on 
the island."

His voice trailed off, showing the emotion of loosing a young 
friend.

"Alex," I said.  "For the short time we have been together, I feel 
that we have developed a little trust between us.  Otherwise, you 
wouldn't have told me what you did.  No I am not going to turn you 
over to the cops.  I have seen you clam up in fear.  They would 
make it worse for you.  I think that we can work this out, don't 
you?...These others you talk about, are they kids like you?  What 
do you do there?"

Alex was a little relieved that I wasn't going to give him up to 
the cops.  He continued with the answers to my questions.  The 
twelve others were kids like him.  If anybody asked, they worked 
in the fields tending the tomato and other crops that grow there 
too.  Slave labor perhaps?  And the kids, like Alex come to the 
shore here, to recruit other kids for this operation.  They bring 
them to Jameco at the pickup point and they return to the island.  
It seems that Alex persuades the other kids that there is a better 
life away from it all, school, parents, etc., on the island and 
convinces them to run away with him.  A hell of an actor, that kid 
is.

"Alex, do these kids stay there forever and ever?" I asked.

"No," he said.  "They come and go all the time.  Only a few of us 
older kids stay.  One day a big boat comes into the harbor, and 
the next day it leaves.  And a few kids aren't there any more."

"How old is older?"  I asked.

"Oh, In my group, Matt is the oldest.  He's sixteen." Responded 
Alex.

"Are you a runaway too, Alex?"  Continuing as much as I dared with 
the questions.  "How did you get mixed up with Jameco?  Certainly, 
you must miss your parents."

"Nn-no."  Stammering a little.  "My folks were killed in a car 
accident.  We were on the way to the Navy base to watch the ships 
come in and some drunk ran the red light and hit our car.  I was 
banged up, but they were killed.  I woke up in the hospital.  
That's all I know.  One day after they patched me up, a nurse at 
the hospital told me I could go, because a relative had paid the 
bill and he was going to take care of me.  He took me to the 
island, the rest you know.

"Didn't your parents have any brothers or sisters around, their 
parents, anything?"  I said.  "Someone that could have been 
notified?"

"My mom had a brother that lived in Ohio, but she didn't speak to 
him," he said. "I don't know much about him."

"So there's no one for you now?"  I asked.

No, only Jameco." Came the reply through the tears.

That's going to change.  Shit.  This isn't right.  I've got to 
find out about that island.  I'm going there to personally kick 
Jameco's ass.  In order to protect myself, I asked Alex,

"Does Jameco know about the cave under this place?"

"No." Alex said."  I haven't told him about it.  I found it a year 
ago when he let me of on the beach.  It was too early to go and 
get kids for him, so I explored it as far as I could go into the 
dark.  The next time, I brought a flashlight.  Jameco asked about 
it, and I said that it got dark early.  He fell for it.  I found 
the stairs and have been using the door since then.  There is a 
handle on the other side of the door to open and close it.  It 
sure makes it easy to get in and out.  It beats climbing the bank 
up here with all the thorny vines and things."

I'm glad he told me that.  I didn't want to be looking over my 
shoulder for Jameco or his friends.  Alex continued on.  From what 
I was able to gather out of all of this, was that Jameco was 
running a child prostitution ring or slavery camp or something 
brings big money in the taking of these kids.  I'll bet that half 
of the pictures of kids I see on the backs of milk cartons or the 
advertising that come in the mail that say under them "Have you 
seen me?" are pictures of kids there on the island or somewhere 
that Jameco knows about.

"How do you live over there?" I asked.  "In a dormitory like thing 
or tents or what?  Is it clean?"

I was trying to find out why Alex didn't react too much to having 
his clothes taken off or showering with others.  I guess I was 
more concerned with hygiene for their sake.

"We have a big room in this big building to sleep in." Alex said.  
"It has twelve beds in it.  Off to the side there is the bathroom 
and showers.  There are no curtains and the shower has eight or 
ten shower head in it."

It sounded to me, that it was set up to be a dormitory where 
privacy was not a concern.  Now I understand why nudity was not a 
stranger to Alex.  But why did he let me take his clothes off so 
easily?  Maybe it was the fact that he knew his clothes were dirty 
and it made sense to him.   I don't know, but I'll find out.

We finished eating and I decided that we should go in the other 
room and watch a little T.V.  I thought that Alex would let me 
have more information.  I wanted to find this island and free all 
the kids and get them back to their family.  It wasn't right to do 
that to kids.  Jameco was sick.

Some things that Alex did in front of me were from the force of 
habit.  Mankind is a creatures of habit.  We watched as much T.V. 
as we could stand.  I planted the suggestion that we were sleepy 
and it was time for bed.  Immediately he jumped up and took all 
his clothes off.  I was surprised, but I enjoyed it just the same.

"What's the occasion, Alex?"

"Oh," he said.   "I was getting ready for bed."

"You sleep that way?" I asked. "Me too."

"No." He continued.  "One of Jameco's men comes around and 
collects our clothes after our chores are done and gives them back 
in the morning.  He says it is so we don't slip out in the middle 
of the night.  There are guards in the daytime and some at night, 
but not as many."

"Well Alex, this is November and it is a little cool for you in 
here."  I said.  "So let's get upstairs quickly and get under the 
bed covers.  I wouldn't want you to get chilled."

I hope his dormitory was well heated.  Where the hell were the 
kids going to go naked on an island?  Where were they going 
anyway, naked or not?  I just thought of something.  This was 
almost the winter season.  There were no tomatoes growing around 
here.  There was more to this island that I thought.  Child porno 
ring.  That's it.  It had to be it.

I followed Alex up the stairs watching his cute, nicely rounded, 
bubbly, firm, little butt, all the way.  It was probably the real 
reason I was attracted to Alex in the first place.....Naw, I loved 
his whole body, his whole mind, his whole soul.

I stood there in the bedroom.  Alex had jumped into the bed under 
the covers and sat up to talk a little.  I undressed to the same 
extent as Alex and jumped in bed too.  Alex slid closer and 
snuggled up beside me.  It was ok with me.  He turned on his right 
side and kissed me.  Then he turned on his left side with his cute 
butt towards me.  I turned on my left side too, and snuggled up 
close to him, our forms blending together as one, so that my now, 
getting hard, front end found the full crevasse of Alex's cute 
little hiney.  Then I put my right arm across him, hugged him, and 
kissed him on the back of the neck.  Then I put my hand on his on 
his penis and scrotum, cupping them in my hand.

It didn't take us long to fall asleep in that position.  I woke up 
about four A.M. to answer Natures call.  When I returned, I 
decided to get my Polaroid out and get a picture or two of naked 
Alex for my collection.  I pulled the covers down and snapped 
several pictures.  The flash didn't wake him up.  I got back into 
bed, pulled the covers back up, and positioned my right hand over 
Alex's scrotum and penis, putting his penis between my thumb and 
forefinger, gently pulling on it to massage it.  I took my left 
hand and found Alex's little hiney hole.  It was moist with 
perspiration.  I positioned my little finger just above the 
entrance to his rectum, and inserted it slightly, with ease.  Alex 
didn't wake up.  He merely let out a baby sigh and rolled back 
toward me, making it easier for me to have my finger in his 
rectum.  I could feel in my right hand, the familiar motion of a 
little penis getting hard.  It was.  I pulled on it for a while, 
until it was harder and I could get all four of my fingers around 
it with comfort.  I could tell that Alex was able to cope with his 
nudity well.  But, I had a problem of my own to take care of.  I 
just have two hands.  I took my hand out of Alex's ass and grabbed 
the hand cream I had on the nightstand.  I put a little bit on my 
abdomen and spread it around onto my now hard penis.  I stroked 
and stroked until I could feel the blood boiling up in the head of 
my dick.  Just a few more strokes....Whewe.  My life force erupted 
out onto my penis and dripped down into my pubic hairs.  I grabbed 
the towel I had thrown on the floor to sop up the mess.  Naked 
Alex, lying next to me, with my hand on his little hard penis, 
never woke up.  Apparently for me, the trip to pee a few minutes 
ago wasn't Natures only calling.  I fell instantly back to sleep.

I awoke later in the morning.  In fact it was Alex that woke me.  
He was stirring around in the bed muttering "NO!..NO! don"t do 
it."
My eyes sprang open and I looked in his direction and put my hands 
on his back to console him, calling his name.  He was soaking wet 
with perspiration.

"Alex...it's ok, Alex.  I am here with you."

Alex came out of his dream naturally, and turned to look at me.  
He greeted me with a smile and a "good morning Charles."  Needless 
to say, there was some butt breath too.  It didn't matter, I 
probably had it too.  Ugh.

He sprang over on top of me and grabbed me hard as he could.  He 
kissed me hard on the neck.  I returned the hug and patted him on 
the butt, strategically resting my fingers along the crevasse.

"Oh such a greeting,"  I said.  "What did I do to deserve this?"

"Just being here when I woke up."  Alex said.  "I was just 
dreaming about Jameco chasing me with his belt."

"Do you trust me Alex?"  I asked.  "Do you trust me enough to 
answer all the questions I ask you and tell me the truth?  I trust 
you. now.  There is no way I'm going to let anything happen to 
you."

"Ok. Charles,"  he said. You're going to have to promise me one 
thing.

"What's that?"  I replied.

I don't want to you to think bad about me."

"Never, Alex.  Never,"  I said.

I was gooey in my pubic area and Alex was wet from perspiration.  
I nudged him and we both went into the bathroom.  Nature had 
gotten to him too.  He took the longest pee I have seen a little 
boy take in years.  I found a new toothbrush still in the box and 
handed it to Alex.  I retrieved my own from the holder, applied 
toothpaste and proceeded to brush my teeth.  Alex mimicked me.  It 
smelled like a good idea.

After that was over with, I turned to the bath tub and began to 
fill it.  This time it was going to be a sit down bath.  Alex and 
I carried on more small talk.  Mostly the talk was about me and my 
life leading up to finding the lighthouse to live in.  He couldn't 
share too much small talk, because he hadn't that much experience, 
thanks to Jameco.  It is obvious why I hate that name?  He has 
taken the happy years away from a little boy.  The tub filled to 
the overflow pipe and I cut off the water.

"Come on, Alex," I said.  "Let's get in."

Alex climbed in and I scooted him down a little and climbed in 
behind him.  I started wetting down his chest and back area with 
water and then soap.  I did the same for me.  Again, my penis was 
getting hard.  I slid down a little and my hard penis rested tight 
against Alex's back.  Then I reclined back and rested against the 
back part of the tub.  I gently pulled Alex back against me, where 
his shoulders were on my chest and his head was on my left 
shoulder.

Taking the soap again, I put more on Alex's chest and went down 
below the water and applied the soap to his abdomen and penis 
area.  This time I pulled on his penis a few times to straighten 
out the "wrinkles".  I continued on and applied the soap below his 
scrotum and around his butt.  I gently caught his knees and lifted 
his lower torso up out of the water so I could get to the rest of 
his butt with the soap.  Each time I went up and down his 
crevasse, I would brush across his little anus, stopping briefly 
to put a slight pressure against it with my little finger.

Alex giggled each time.  It tickled him.  I looked down at his 
penis.  Not only did it tickle him, it made his penis rise to 
attention.  I eased him back down in the water and brought my left 
hand down around the left cheek of his butt.  I couldn't stand it.  
I was hard as a rock and Alex was getting that way.  I brought 
both hands down and lifted his lower torso up while I slid under 
him.  I position myself so that my rock hard penis was resting in 
the beautiful crevasse of Alex's firm butt and his soapy penis was 
up in the air.

I began to spread the soap around and around Alex's chest and 
abdomen.  Kissing him from time to time and rubbing across his 
little sensitive nipples.  Neither of us said anything.  I washed 
and Alex let me.  I made circular motions. outward towards his 
penis.  It was beginning to go limp again, so I brought my left 
hand around Alex's left butt cheek and gently massaged it.  When I 
did, my hard dick fell all the way, deep into Alex's crevasse.  It 
was like a hot dog bun around a "Ballpark" wiener.  The warmth of 
my blood rich shaft rested against his relatively cool anus and 
Alex's penis began to get harder once more.

The soap suds were fading so I applied more soap to get the suds 
level up.  I was paying attention to Alex's little hard front end.  
Each time I washed across or pulled on it, the harder it got.  I 
kissed Alex a few more times and wrapped the four fingers of my 
right hand around Alex's hard penis, gently "washing" it in an up 
and down motion.  He responded, on every up stroke, by tightening 
his butt muscles around my penis.  I was going to ejaculate any 
minute.  I needed my bathtub toy.  I needed something in my rectum 
to push me over the edge.

The thought waned as I was brought back to reality by Alex's 
breathing pattern.  His little penis began to pulsate in my hand.  
I could feel the building pressure.  Just a few more strokes...
It didn't take but two.  Out of the end of Alex's penis erupted 
the sweet, white fluid of a young man's life force.

I watched Alex spurt a few times naturally, and then helped him 
get the last few drops out by gently putting his penis between my 
thumb and forefinger and pushing up a few more times.  He squeezed 
his butt muscles one more time around my hard penis as I let go 
with my life force too.

I repositioned us back down into the water to a more comfortable 
position.  Alex and I sat there in the water not saying a word.  
Just holding each other tightly with a few kisses in between.  
finally, I broke the spell and asked,

What do you think, Alex?  do you trust me now?

"Yes I do Charles."  Came the reply.  I've never had anyone wash 
me like you did before, so gentle.  You do really care about me, 
don't you?"

"Yes Alex," I said "more than you'll ever know....more than you'll 
ever know."

"Tell me more about the boys in your room."  I continued.  How 
does Matt, for instance, cope with his boy/manhood?  Obviously it 
is uncomfortable for him to run around in full view like the rest 
of you and have to explain to the younger kids why his front end 
is hard and standing at attention, or why he washes it faster than 
the rest of his body."

"Oh Matt has explained that."  Alex continued.  He says that one 
day it just happened.  It gave him a good feeling to touch himself 
there, and we would learn to like it too when the time came.  
Sometimes he lets the younger ones touch it or play with it when 
he is in the mood.  He has hair down there too, just like you."

"I'll bet you didn't know it was time for you, did you?"  I asked.  
How did it feel to you?"

"Good," he said.  "Real good.  I never thought about it being my 
time.  I figured I would discover it like Matt did.  But he never 
did tell us just how we would know.  Can we do this again later?"

The words were music to my ears.  Yes, yes, a most emphatic, hell 
yes.

"Of course, Alex,"  I said without hesitation.  "But there is more 
room on the bed and we don't have to be in the tub every time.  
Perhaps you can help me in "that" department too.  I sometimes 
feel like Matt, where that I need attention too."

"No problem," he said.

Little did he know, that he had just helped me a few minutes ago, 
there in the tub.

The water was getting a little cool now, so we washed off all the 
soap film and semen film, and got out of the tub.  We dried off 
and went into the bedroom.  We laid across the bed naked and 
talked some more about the kids on the island and how the island 
was laid out.  I wanted to get in my boat and find that island.  
Jameco was NOT going to get away with this for long.  I would see 
to it.

"Charles."  Alex said.  You know what I told you about the crops 
and stuff?"

"Yass, go on,"  I said.

"I think that is not all we do."  Alex continued.  " Some to the 
kids I help Jameco with, leave with the boat that comes in from 
time to time.  I think Jameco sells them to others."

"What makes you say that, Alex?"  I asked.

"Matt heard one of the guards talking to another one."  He 
continued.  "Jameco makes big money from that."

It was my suspicion all the long.  I didn't quite buy the lie 
about the tomatoes anyway.  Tomatoes don't grow in the winter 
around here.  The island couldn't be far from here.  Alex was on 
the shore here much too often.

"When you come ashore, how long does it take you from the island 
to get here?  Any idea?"  I asked.

"I don't know."  Said Alex.  "The only way I can tell you, is that 
the sun is low down across the water when we start out, and it is 
about midway up when we get here."

That would put it about ten A.M. if they left at sunrise.  About 
three hours for the ride.  Smart kid.  When I was his age, I made 
observations like that too.  I turned on my side to face Alex.

"Alex." I said.  "How would you like to be free from Jameco and 
the island?  How would you like to see all the other kids get free 
of him too and back to their parents?"

I had made the decision to find that island with Alex's help.  It 
would take a lot of planning.  I would have to enlist the cops at 
the last resort, but it would be worth it to see Jameco and his 
cohorts, be given a taste of their own medicine.

Alex's eyes got wide with excitement.

"That would be great!"  He said.  "Can you do it, Charles, 
please?"

"Are you brave enough to help me find the island?"  I asked.  You 
may have to stay here a little longer just to be safe.  Jameco is 
probably madder than shit by now.  I don't need to be looking over 
my shoulder."

Alex snuggled up close to me, as if to say, "yes."  He didn't need 
to speak.

The telephone rang loudly in my ears.  It was the garage with my 
car.  The mechanic told me the charges and said he would be out 
with the car in about an hour.  He has a friend that will follow 
him, to take him back to the garage.  That is damn nice of him to 
do that.  The mechanic responded with "that's just part of the 
service."

I made sure that Alex was out of sight when the mechanic came by.  

I didn't want any unnecessary questions being asked.  I carried on 
pleasant chit chat with him and gave him a check for the amount 
charged.  I did slip in a few words about the lighthouse, just to 
see what I could get.

The mechanic told me that the house had been here a long time.  
Rumor has it, that it's owner, during the Civil War, used to aid 
the slaves that were running away.  Sort of like the underground 
railway during WW II.  Interesting.  That explains the hidden door 
and the cave.

The mechanic left to go back to Gloucester and I went back to 
Alex.

"Alex,"  I said.  "get your clothes on and come with me to the big 
city.  We are going to get you something else to wear, plus a few 
more doo-dads to help us live for a while."

Yes, a few more doo-dads.  Like finger cots, hand lotion, "Fleet", 
sweet smelly stuff for our bodies, Polaroid film, blank video 
tapes etc, etc.

The trip hardly took an hour. Alex and I hardly spoke.  We just 
enjoyed the view.  I guess it was a refreshing change for him.  I 
had driven down to Norfolk and hit the biggest mall they had.  On 
the way back home, Alex started asking about what we did in the 
tub.  The part about washing his front part.  He wanted to know 
what the white stuff was.  In fact, he wanted to know all about 
it.  I told him as much as I could without getting too medical for 
him.  He didn't know for sure if it was bad or good.  I reassured 
him that it was good.  No question about it.  A kid his age, yes 
it was good for him.

"Charles," he said.  "One morning I woke up and the cover sheet on 
the bed was stuck to me down here," pointing to his crotch.  "It 
was a mess.  "What was that.?"

"Well Alex."  I said.  "It happens sometimes when you are asleep.  
It is called a Nocturnal Emission.  It is natural for little boys 
to have this.  Somewhere in your head there is a sensor to tell 
your body to relax and dream.  Dreams are an escape.  It's like 
when you go pee, your brain relieves itself of all the days 
pressures, too.  Sometimes this pressure is released through your 
penis....what do you call it?...your shaft or thingme.  You know 
what I'm talking about.  Anyway, some of the same white fluid you 
saw this morning, came out while you were asleep.  It's natural.  
All little boys do this.  It just stuck you to the sheet."

"Thingme, thingme.  Ha ha, that's neat,"  he said laughing a 
little.  "Do you have these e-emissions from your thingme, now?"

I chuckled a little at his response to "thingme".  All little kids 
like to joke about their private parts instead of calling it by 
the real name

"Oh, every once in a while.  I don't think anything about it." I 
replied.

I was getting hard again, just thinking about the situations we 
talked about.  I had to do something about that.  It couldn't have 
been more perfect timing, if I had tried.  Alex turned to me after 
a spell of silence, and said.

"Charles.  You remember what we did in the bathtub this morning?  
Can we do it again?  I liked it.  Let's do it again."

I almost went off the road to do it right then.  I couldn't wait 
to get back home.  Being careful not to talk myself out of this, I 
said,

"You want to take another bath?"

 "Maybe afterwards," Alex said.  "Let's do it in the bed.  There's 
more room in the bed."


                           ...........
                           .CHAPTER-5.
..................................................................


Alex raced me out of the car to the front door of the lighthouse.  
We stopped in the kitchen for a cool drink, but I couldn't finish 
it fast enough, for Alex was up the stairs like a shot.

"Well!"  I said.  "I believe you want to learn more about your 
body."

"Can you show me, Charles?"  He asked.  "Show me please"

I went into the bathroom to pee and get a few items.  Some I had 
to get while in Norfolk.  I hadn't used finger cots for years.  
The few I had deteriorated.  I spread an extra large bath towel 
across the bed and had Alex take his clothes off and lay across, 
face down, on the bed.  I took my clothes off too.  I think I've 
been naked around here as much as I've been clothed.  Alex too.  I 
had noticed with Alex that he was passing gas quite often this 
morning.  I suggested that he might go into the bathroom and 
"Poop" before I start.  It didn't take him long to realize that 
what I was saying was true.  He went in the bathroom and did just 
that.  "Pooped". The truth is, that I didn't want any surprises.  
I wanted our session to be as unrestricted as possible.

"First, Alex, I'm going to start with a back rub.  So just relax,"  
I said.  "You will feel a cool liquid on your back.  It's ok, it's 
just alcohol."

I collected the alcohol, the hand lotion and the finger cots, and 
sat down on the bed next to Alex.  I put some alcohol in my hands 
and spread it on Alex's back.  It was cool to the touch and it 
made him jump a little.  I let the alcohol air dry.  Then I placed 
a finger cot on the middle finger of my left hand and applied the 
hand lotion sparingly all over.  Alex's back was shining from the 
lotion.  I spread the lotion across the shoulders and down his 
arms.  Then I spread it down his back, down to the small of it, 
just above Alex's crevasse, applying pressure to all the tense 
muscles and nerves I could get to.  I took the lotion and applied 
more across his cute, beautiful, firm, little, bubble bottom, and 
began to spread it around there too.  My penis was getting harder 
by the minute.

I bunched his butt cheek muscles up in my hands several times and 
released them as one would do in a massaging action.  I would 
spread them apart and squeeze them together, each time spreading 
the lotion, "over, under, around, and through". as the saying 
goes.  I must have rubbed across Alex's anus every other time.  
Alex raised up and put his hand under him.  He had to straighten 
out his penis that was getting hard, uncomfortably under him.  I 
then spread more lotion down his legs and ankles, not staying 
there long, so I could concentrate on the object of my attention.  
Alex's beautiful, hairless, rear end.

I massaged in Alex's hiney area a long time, touching his anus 
every chance I got.  I rubbed his crotch and that piece of skin 
between his anus and scrotum that always itches a young man.  I 
went back to his anus and centered my rubbing close in that area.

The time was right.  I stopped the rubbing and placed the point of 
my finger with the cot on Alex's anus and left it there, not 
moving.  I could feel Alex's muscles releasing their tension.  The 
lips of the anus open ever so slightly.  The pressure of my finger 
allowed it to progress further into the anus.  And, as if by 
magic, Alex's anus opened further.  It almost sucked my finger in.  
I was into Alex's bowel cavity with my middle finger.  I inserted 
it up to the first knuckle.  I didn't want to hurt Alex.

I let my finger stay in Alex's anus for a few minutes.  He 
naturally squeezed my finger with the muscles around the anus.  I 
knew that his penis was moving to the same rhythm.

Neither of us had spoken a word.  The sound of Alex's breathing 
did it for me.  I didn't need to coach him as to what was going 
on.  It seemed instinctive to him.  I needed to do his front.  He 
needed me to do his front, so I removed my finger from his anus, 
patted him on his butt, and said,


"Time to do your front, Alex, turn over."

Alex quickly turned over and I reached down to kiss him.  Kiss him 
on the lips.  I repeated the application of alcohol and hand 
lotion on his front as I did his back. I then began to pay 
attention to the pubic area and to his flagpole penis.  I 
contained myself.  I knew I was going to ejaculate any minute so I 
held back.

I rubbed Alex's hairless penis and scrotum with the slippery hand 
lotion and paying attention to his four inch, hard, slender shaft.  
I placed my left hand under his scrotum and proceeded on to his 
rectum.  I rubbed his hard penis shaft gently with the four 
fingers of my right hand, up and down.  I  gently inserted the 
middle finger of my left hand, to the first knuckle, in to Alex's 
little, waiting anus.  His anus muscles were tightening and 
loosing around my finger.  Alex's penis was pulsating in my right 
hand.  I pushed a little more on his anus and gripped his shaft a 
little harder, stroking first, up and then down.  Up, down, up, 
down.

Alex's breathing became deep and fast.  My breathing was in sync 
with his.  Up...and then no more down.  Alex's penis erupted with 
another supply of his life force.  First one, then another, then 
another.  I couldn't stand it.  I held back as long as I could.  I 
laid down on my back next to Alex while still holding on to his 
little hard shaft.

"Quickly, Alex, lie down on top of me.  Hurry!"

Alex did as he was told and laid face down on top of me.  I gently 
arranged his penis down on my abdomen, and placed my rock hard 
shaft against his.  I brought his mouth to mine and kissed him 
hard, passionately.  I brought my right hand around and hugged him 
hard.  My left hand found Alex's anus once more, and I reinserted 
my middle finger.  This time it went past the first knuckle and 
midway onto the second.  Alex wiggled around on top of me.  My 
penis was up against his slippery body.  Our breathing was heavy.  
We repeatedly kissed, on the lips, on the face, on the neck, as 
far as our heads could stretch to one another.  I moved my finger 
in and out of Alex's anus.  Each time he pushed his abdomen 
against mine, putting pressure against my rock hard penis.....and 
my manly life force exploded all over our mutual bodies.

Tomorrow, when our life forces rebuild, I will teach Alex the 
pleasures of anal stimulation.  Also how to enlist a reaction in 
himself when no one is around to help him, as I did.   Yes,
tomorrow is going to be an interesting day.  I said, when "our" 
life forces rebuild?  Perhaps I was talking about myself.  Alex 
was probably ready to go again, as young as he was.

We had fallen asleep in that position.  I don't know just how 
long, but it was dark out.  I woke up first.  I was hot from our 
mutual body heat.  Perspiration was pouring off me.  Alex too.  
His hair was matted to his head from the sweat.  I could feel the 
gooey slippery hand lotion between us. And there was also the 
semi-dry semen sticking us together.  I rubbed Alex's back and 
butt, quietly calling his name to wake him up.  It took him a long 
time to wake up.  He had been in a deep sleep.  If only I could 
have tapped into his dreams.

Alex rolled off of me and we both let out a sigh of relief.  The 
cool air hitting the front of our bodies was refreshing.  He 
turned to kiss me again and did.  Then he jumped up and went into 
the bathroom and turned on the shower.  A few minutes later, he 
said.

"Coming?"

I thought to myself, "I just did, Alex.  I just did."  I got up 
and joined Alex in the shower.  This time he applied the soap to 
me first, and bathed me as if I was a young boy of four.  I 
reciprocated.  There was no stroking of our penis's.  There was no 
penetration into our anus's.  It was just a normal, everyday, bath 
with my beautiful, naked, friend, Alex.

We dried off with the large towels and wrapped them around us.  We 
were getting a little hungry, so we went down to the kitchen for 
something to eat.  Alex and I had built up quite an appetite. 
Thank Goodness I had plenty of heating oil in the tank.  This 
place was a little cool in November.  If we were going to be naked 
most of the time around here, I should crank up the heat some.

We finished eating, what seemed like everything in the house, and  
we watched a little more T.V., naked as a jaybird now, under one 
large towel.  Damn, it was eleven P.M. again.  Twelve P.M. again.  
Two late shows later, Alex and I went back to bed.  Ain't that the 
life?  Eating and sleeping, eating and sleeping, all day long.  
Oh, and an occasional J/O.  Let's not forget that.

                                   
                           ...........
                           .CHAPTER-6.
..................................................................


Alex and I awoke naturally this morning.  He had been with me now 
for four days.  It was time to think about Alex and his welfare.  
I had to gather the Coast Guard charts of the area and plot out 
three hours worth of distance from here to an island somewhere out 
in the Chesapeake Bay.  It was unlikely that the island was on the  
Atlantic Ocean side of the bay, because of the time element.

"Alex," I said.  "We have to get serious for a while here.  I'm 
going to find that island and I need your help.  Any idea what the 
name of it is?"

"Us kids called it Naked Butt Island,"  Alex said.  "I don't know 
what the real name is.  I heard the Ship to Shore radio in 
Jameco's office one day while I was cleaning up, and somebody was 
calling Jameco.  I think 'they' said something like "Bird Island, 
"Bear" Island.  Something like that."

"Bear" Island.  That sounded more logical.  Maybe they spelled it, 
more aptly, "Bare" Island.  I looked on my charts for an island, 
three hours worth of distance at average speed from here, named 
Bear.  I swung my compass around in an arc that encompassed the 
Chesapeake Bay.  I estimated exactly what three hours time from 
here would be and drew an arc.  The line crossed a spot in the bay 
marked on the charts as "Hare Island.  In parentheses it had Watts 
Island.  I guess that was another name for it.

"Hare Island,"  I said.  "Alex does that sound like what you 
heard?"

"Yeah...Hare Island.  That's it,"  he said eagerly.

"If went by there, would you recognize it?  I asked.  "Do you 
remember any landmarks?"

"I think so." He replied.  "Every time Jameco brings me over here 
we go by some kind of marker floating in the water.  I clanks like 
a bell when the water is rough."


I thought a minute and concluded that he was talking about a Bell 
Buoy.  They are used to mark the channel.  In fog they can be 
heard across the water or on Sonar if you were on a Navy ship.  I 
looked on the charts I had for one.  There was one about two miles 
South of Hare Island.  It marked the channel for the tug boats 
that brought oil barges to supply oil for Virginia's Eastern 
Shore.  That's the only big craft that could get in that close to 
shore.  Everything else had to stay further out in the bay in 
deeper water.  The Coast Guard puts a lot of information on their 
charts.

"I'm going down to where my boat is moored and get it ready for a 
trip across the bay,"  I said. "But for your own safety, Alex I 
must insist that you stay here and out of view.  Don't go up to 
the light and walk around the cat walk.  Jameco may be watching 
for you.  I trust you, son.  Please be here when I get back."

"I trust you too, Charles,"  Alex said.  "I'll be here.  I don't 
want anything to happen now....not now."

The boat was moored a few miles from here and easy to get to.  
Next spring I will start on getting a stairway down to the beach 
and apply to the proper people to build a pier.  This way I could 
save the mooring fees and it would be convenient for me too.

I arrived at the dock and said my hello's to everybody that worked 
in the little store and diesel fuel stop there.  I told them that 
I wanted to get the boat ready for a trip across the bay.  I 
needed fuel and gas for the cook stove, toilet paper (the most 
important item) and other odds and ends.  It pays to be friendly 
to the natives of the area, since I was going to live here the 
rest of my life.  It was no sense being an asshole.  I wasn't an 
asshole anyway, but I have seen it too many times, where out of 
town people come into areas like this one, make trouble for 
everyone, and leave, without a "hello", "how ya doing", "go to 
hell", or nothing.  I was a trusting soul and I wanted those I 
come in contact with, to treat me the same way.  If they knew my 
business, so what?  I didn't care.  It made them feel more 
comfortable with me around in the area.  I gave them no reason to 
distrust me.

The boat was easy to fix up.  I haven't had it out many times 
since I bought it.  Basically I needed the provisions and fuel.  
The radio still worked and all the lights too.  "Blaaat."  And 
don't forget the horn.  All fueled up, I was satisfied and went 
back in the store to tell them what time I was pulling out.  I 
said my goodbye's and drove of in the car back to the lighthouse.

"Alex!  Alex!"  I said bounding through the door.  I'm all set.  
We're going on a little trip tomorrow.  Alex!  Alex?

My heart flew to my throat.  It was pounding.  I could hear it 
pumping blood to my brain.  Had Alex run off?  Had Jameco found 
him.  Maybe he called the cops....."Slow down, Charles."

"Alex? Alex?"

No answer.  I had to sit down and think a minute.  Then I heard 
it.  A snickering noise coming from behind the sofa.  That little 
monkey.  Alex was playing a trick on me.  Hmmmm.  I've got his 
number.  I was so relieved that he was still here, I'll turn a 
trick on him.  I pretended to show concern in my voice and called 
him a few more times.  I went into the kitchen and got the broom 
and returned to the living room.  Walking around and calling 
Alex's name, I stopped at the end of the sofa and looked behind 
it.  Alex had gotten dressed in some of the new clothes we bought 
and was there facing the other end with his hiney towards me.  I 
took the broom handle, called his name, poked it at his little 
ass, and goosed him.  Alex rared up as much as he could and 
squealed like a pig, then crawled out the other end away from me.

"Hide from me, will ya?"  I said.  "G-Damn Alex you gave me a 
heart attack."

Alex was laughing his ass off.  He thought it was funny.  I did 
too, but I let him go a little longer before I showed it.

"You're going to get punished for that young man,"  I said.

Alex stopped laughing at that remark and distorted his face into a 
frown, and one of fear.

"Wha..what...how...I'm sorry, don't punish me."  Alex pleaded.


"Oh yes." I said.  "I'm going to make you take a bath with me."

And then I laughed too, grabbing him around the neck and 
pretending to give him a knuckle rub on his head.  We both fell 
back on the sofa laughing.

"I had visions of Jameco when you said that, Charles,"  Alex said.  
"You scared me there for a minute."

"Hell no, Alex," I said, soothing his nerves.  "Hell no.  I could 
never hurt you like he did.  Never.  Never.  You have earned my 
love, Alex.  To do that, you have to be somebody special.  You are 
a special kid.  You have come through a lot so far and you don't 
seem to be too screwed up from it.  From now on, your luck has 
changed.  When this is over, you are free.  Free to sleep with 
whomever you choose, go anywhere you want, do anything your common 
sense tells to do that is correct.  I hope you understand what I'm 
saying to you, Alex.  Do you?"

"Yes."  Replied Alex.  "I've been thinking about it a lot while 
you went to the boat.  If what we talked about can be done, I want 
to stay with you.  There's nobody to take care of me anymore.  
I'll help you get the other kids where they belong, but I want to 
stay with you.  Can I, Charles?  Would you like that?"

I didn't want to talk myself out of this, but I had to be fair to 
Alex.

"It's MAY I, Alex, and YES I would like that very much.  I 
replied. "You know how old I am, don't you? I'm not exactly a 
playmate your own age.  I have adult moods and adult needs  you 
may not understand yet.  If you do stay with me, things will have 
to change around here.  People will see you and ask questions.  
You would have to go to school to comply with the law.  That may 
be good for you.  You don't want grow up an adult dumb ass, that 
is, a dumb ass adult?....Oh shit, you know what I.m saying."

Alex laughed at my mix up and kissed me.  He was most emphatic.

"YEs, Charles, no matter what.  Anything is better than Naked Butt 
Island.  Anything."

Alex jumped up from the sofa and started to run upstairs.

"Where are you going, Alex?" I said.

He said, giggling every step of the way,

"Let's go.  I ready to take my punishment now."


                           ...........
                           .CHAPTER-7.
..................................................................


The bath went well.  Alex and I washed, kissed, cuddled and 
rubbed.  There was no stroking of our respective penis's.  both of 
us were hard as a rock in that department, but we has agreed that 
the bed was a better place to do that.  After our bath, we dried 
off went into the bedroom.  I pulled the covers down on the bed 
and placed a large beach towel across it and summoned Alex to get 
in.

"Alex,"  I said.  "I want to show you a few things you can do for 
yourself when I'm not here....You know, with your thingme and 
butt."

"OK!"  Alex said.  "I want to learn."

First I put alcohol on his chest to help dry any remaining water 
from the bath.  Then I spread the hand cream all over as before,  
circling down until I reached his little hard penis.  I applied 
more lotion, there, as well.  While holding on to his penis, I 
raised up on one elbow and kissed him.  I had found an old 
"bathtub" toy that I had used many years ago as an anal 
stimulator,  It was too small for me now, but just the right size 
for Alex's anus.  I placed my hand around it and put a thin film 
of lotion on it.

"Now Alex."  I said. "Raise your right knee and turn over on your 
left side."

Alex did not question me at all.  I rubbed his butt with lotion 
and took the bathtub "toy" and inserted it into Alex's anus as far 
as I dared.  He jumped a little and giggled from the tickle, but I 
could feel his anus muscles around the toy, opening to accept it.  
Then I had Alex turn back over on his back.  He lowered his knee 
and I could see a big smile on his face, and naked Alex's, rock 
hard, cute little penis was straight as an arrow out at a twenty 
degree angle.

The "toy" was a plastic tube about 2-1/2 long and rounded to a 
dull point at one end.  The other end had a rubber bulb on it.  I 
think it was a large medicine dropper used to give babies 
medicine.  It was almost as large as my little finger, about 1/2 
inch in diameter.

Alex was fidgety with this new sensation.  He had sensed my finger 
there, but only up to the first knuckle.  This was permanent and 
more comfortable than my larger, by comparison, middle finger.  It 
was into Alex's rectum much further.  Plus it had a plastic bulb 
at the other end to press on the nerves around the outside of his 
anus, giving him the feeling that a finger and hand was back 
there.  It wasn't his or mine.  He could do this for himself at 
anytime.

"Next, Alex," I said demonstrating with my hand.  "Take your hand, 
which ever feels more comfortable to you, and place it gently 
around your thingme like I did for you yesterday."

Alex was right handed and so he placed his right hand on his 
little penis and cupped his fingers around it.

"Now gently squeeze your thingme until it feels good to you," I 
said.  "Rub it up and down.  You will know what to do from then 
on."

I watched Alex gyrate his lower torso up and down in sync with the 
opposing strokes of his fingers.  I couldn't stand it any longer.  
I had been hard from the start of the session in the bathtub, and 
had to do something about it.  I got out another bathtub "toy" and 
placed it into my anus.  I borrowed some of the lotion from Alex's 
body and rubbed it on my "thingme."  I mimicked every move that 
Alex made in direct sync.  Our minds meshed.  Alex started to 
breathe deeply in sync with me.  I knew that it would be only a 
matter of time before our life force exploded from our "thingme's.  
"Thingme."  Ha.  Alex now used that word.  And when we talk about 
our bodies, as juvenile as it sounds, I use it too.  We share so 
much when we talk that I want the fun to remain in Alex's life as 
much as possible.  We consider this bedroom activity fun, and I'm 
going to try to keep it that way.  It breaks the monotony, so that 
I don't sound so clinical.  Besides, I enjoy the moment.  It makes 
me feel young too.

"Are you ready, Alex?" I asked.  "You must be.  Let it go, Alex.  
Let your life force flow.  It's ok, it' natural for you.  Don't 
hold back."

I knew he was ready.  His breathing got deeper, as did mine.  I 
could feel my life force boiling up the shaft of my penis.  I 
looked over at Alex as he took his last stroke up.  A stream of 
pure white sperm erupted from the head of Alex's penis.  I had 
taken my last stroke up as well.  My life force streamed out too, 
at the identical moment.

Alex exclaimed, "I did it!  I did it all by myself.  Thank you, Charles,
for showing my this.

"I just wanted you to have a little confidence in yourself, that's 
all," I said.

Alex sat up  and turned his body towards me, hooked my left leg 
with his, brought his upper torso over, and laid face down on top 
of me at an angle across my chest, holding me hard to the bed.  I 
couldn't move anything but my arms and one leg.

Alex kissed me once hard on the lips then laid his head on my 
shoulder saying,

"Did I tell you that I love you, Charles?  If I didn't, I'm going 
to say it now.  I love you, Charles."

It was an emotional scene and not an act.  I turned my head to 
face his, and found his lips.  I placed my right hand on Alex's 
little, firm, butt and moved the "toy a little in his anus.  I 
bunched the hair on his head, gently with my left hand, to steady 
it, and  returned the hard kiss.  This time his lips parted 
slightly, and my tongue found the opening, and the opening between 
his teeth.  Our tongue's met inside Alex's mouth and I explored 
his oral cavity.  I was beginning to know every inch of Alex.  He 
winced with surprise.  It was a new experience for him.  He had 
never had anyone care enough for him, as I did, to show him all 
there was to know, about his body.  He grabbed me as hard as he 
could, returning my tongue with his, into my mouth and exploring 
it.  He then forced his abdomen down harder against mine.  Our 
respective, pulsating, blood rich, penis's slammed harder between 
us.  And with one last burst of energy, they pulsed again, and 
released the remaining supply of life force between us.

Alex removed his tongue and pushed against my hand holding his 
head.  I released my grip and Alex kissed me again on the lips, 
then laid his head back down on my shoulder.  Through the tears, 
he said,

"Don't ever leave me, Charles.  I love you."

Before I could respond and reaffirm my love for him, Alex sighed 
and fell to sleep.  I let him stay in that position and moved to 
reach for the bed covers and pull them up over us.  My mind was 
replaying the scene over and over until I felt sleep coming on, 
for me, also.  I reached down and removed the anal stimulator from 
Alex's hiney, and removed the one from mine.  I let out a final 
sigh.  And like the proverbial light, I was out.


                           ...........
                           .CHAPTER-8.
..................................................................


I awoke again later.  It was three A.M.  Shit. The bedroom 
activities must have taken my energy away.  My body must have need 
the sleep to recover.  Alex was still on top of me.  By now, this 
must have been a little uncomfortable for him.  Today was the day 
to find "Naked Butt (Hare) Island.  We needed an early start, 
because I couldn't risk having Alex seen by anyone.  It was still 
dark out.  If I got up now and took a shower, woke Alex, got him 
bathed and have breakfast, we could get to the boat and start out 
before daybreak.

"Alex, Alex, oh, Alex.  Wake up my beautiful friend," I said 
shaking him gently.  "Time to get going."

Alex awoke, but he was like a limp dish rag.  He was a hard kid to 
wake up.  I hugged and kissed him gently to stimulate him, and 
finally, he stirred.  He stretched and moved around while still on 
me.  I heard the sound of creaking, cracking joints from Alex's 
young body.  He rolled off of me and laid on his back.  I reached 
over and rubbed his chest, kissed him again, and pulled the covers 
down from us.  The cool air hit our genitals, and it was a mad 
race to the bathroom to see who would get to pee first.  I let 
Alex win the contest.

We got in the shower together and took a normal one.  There was no 
time for our previous bath play.  We finished and dried off.  Then 
went down to the kitchen and fixed breakfast.  We needed a good 
start this morning, for it was going to be a long day.

"Let's get dressed, Alex, I said.  "we must get to the boat while 
it's still dark.  I'm not taking any chances with Jameco not in 
check.  Oh, you will have to stay out of sight down in the cabin 
too when it gets light.  I hope you understand.  It's for OUR own 
good.  You, me, and all the poor kids on that island."

"Yes," he said.  We can't have anything happen to us now.  I'll do 
anything you ask."

We arrived at the boat while it was still dark.  I carefully 
scanned the area for other cars or people at the dock.  I had Alex 
hide in the floor board of my car while I checked it out.  I 
opened the door and got out.  The dome light came on like the sun, 
there in the darkness.  Alex could not be seen.  I walked around, 
carefully searching.  Was I paranoid or what?  Then I went to the 
boat and unlocked the hatch.  That's  a "door" to non-nautical 
people.  I went back to the car to get Alex, locked it and boarded 
the boat

Consulting the charts once more, I started the engines and pulled 
out of the harbor.  Next stop, the Chesapeake Bay.  I arrived at 
the mouth of Mobjack Bay near the dock just, at dawn, and set my 
course North Eastward.  The trip was uneventful.  I saw only the 
commercial fishermen tonging for Oysters.  Alex had stayed below, 
like a good little trooper.

About three hours into the day, the bell buoy I marked on the 
charts, came into view off my Starboard (Right) side.  Hare Island 
was only a few more miles across the water. 

"Alex," I said.  "Look out the portal (window) and tell me if you 
see anything familiar."

"Yes," came the reply.  "You see that radio tower over on the 
shore just to the left of the buoy?"

"Yeah."

"The island is near here," he continued.

I got out the binoculars and scanned the horizon.  A fast 
approaching boat come into view.  Shit.

"What kind of boat does Jameco have," I asked Alex.

The boat was coming fast towards me as Alex described Jameco's 
boat.  Yes I WAS paranoid.  It was Jameco's boat to a tee.  I 
could see the boat numbers on the hull and wrote them down.  
VA-4688.  Yes, I would remember that number.

"Keep down Alex," I said.  "There's a boat heading our way and the 
pilot has a set of binoculars on us.  Don't look out the portal."

I didn't have to tell him twice.  I heard him open the head 
(bathroom) door and slam it behind him.  If it had a lock, he 
would have used that too.

Within minutes the VA-4688 boat pulled to my Port (Left) side and 
hailed me.  The pilot looked, to me, like the epitome of every 
slimy crook I've ever seen on television or in the movies.  He had 
another man with him, that wore a uniform, badge and gun.  A 
"rent-a-Cop" from the Thornton detective agency out of Norfolk, 
the patch on the shirt sleeve said.  The uniform was probably 
stolen.  I knew the Thornton Agency.  They were the biggest of 
that type in the State of Virginia.  He didn't look the part.  He 
definitely was not Thornton material.
My guess, the whole thing was a show.  They wanted to look 
official.  Bullshit.

"Hey, friend," the pilot said.  "What brings you to these parts?"

Fire flew in me.  It was none of their G-damn business.  I was 
ready for a fight, but I thought of Alex and the other kids, so I 
remained cool.

"This is a restricted area," the pilot continued.  I'm going to 
have to ask you to leave, but first let's see a little I-D."

I was madder than shit, but I didn't show it.  I handed my drivers 
license and boat registration over and the "rent-a-cop" took it.

"Doing a little fishing, eh..ah...."

"Baudot," the rent-cop said.

"Baudot?"  The pilot said.

"No, I said.  "I'm going over to Crisfield to visit relatives."

"Well it's a pleasant day for it," the pilot said.  Please carry 
on with your journey, but stay out of these waters.  You should be 
about two miles West of that buoy.  Have a good day, errah, Mr. 
Baudot."

The rent-a-cop returned my I-D and the pilot shoved off from me 
and started back towards Hare Island.  This was bullshit.  It was 
awful dumb of them to come out like that and run me off.  I 
started up too, and went Westward and then North again, in case 
they were watching me.  I would go all the way to Crisfield, 
Maryland and stay a few hours, just to be sure of things.  
Paranoid? Naw.

"You can come out, now, Alex," I said.  "They're gone."

"Charles, that was him. Alex said coming out the head.  "That's 
him....Jameco.  I'd recognize that voice anywhere.  The other 
voice was one of the stupid guards.  We call him the Great
Stone Face.  He never smiles."

"That fits, I said.  "Jameco wasn't much better."

We pulled into Crisfield and had lunch at a local diner and talked 
about my plan to bring Jameco down.  I would have to call on all 
my friend's, their friend's, their friend's, friends, etc.

"Alex, I said.  "When we get back home, I'm going to call my 
friend Chris."

"Who is Chris?" He Asked.

"It's a long story," I said.  "But he was a friend of mine a long 
time ago.  He was about your age, or maybe a little younger when I 
met him.  We hit if off.  He was always interested if what I was 
doing and was eager to help me with anything.  Sometimes he would 
just hang around.  I had forgotten what it was to be a boy his 
age, and he reminded me.  He had likes and dislikes as you do, but 
one of his likes was to do things a little different.  That 
included wearing his mother's underpants.  He would show me when 
ever he could.  One thing lead to another, and he showed me that 
little boys like to have their bodies touched in certain places.  
I accommodated him.  He taught me everything I know today, about 
the pleasures a little boy seeks.  Anyway, he is a hot-shot lawyer 
now.  If anybody can help me, he can.  He has connections."

We finished lunch and headed back to the Gloucester area and home.
It was getting dark when we arrived.  Alex stayed out of sight 
while I tied up the boat and went in the little store to let them 
know I had returned.  A few of the locals were sitting around a 
glowing wood stove drinking a beer.  I needed to stall for the 
darkness so I got myself a beer.  I joined them for small talk.  
They enlightened me with some little known facts about the area I 
lived in and the history of the lighthouse.  When I finished my 
beer, it was dark out.  I said my goodbye's  and went back to the 
boat to collect Alex, and head for home.

I arrived home about seven-thirty P.M..  Alex and I were hungry 
again.  Hmmm.  Must have been the salt air during the boat ride 
back that made us that way.  I fixed the all time favorite...hot 
dogs and beans.  Mmm-mmm that's good eating.  I really show my 
talents in the kitchen, Yass sur.  Anyway, it filled an empty 
spot.

While Alex finished eating, I called my friend Chris.  I related 
the story to him and asked for help to get this Jameco.

"When do you want to do it?" Chris asked.  "Can you give me a week 
to get people together?"

"That would be fine, I said.  "Just keep me informed."

I gave him my phone number and we talked about old times.  He 
asked about Alex and what he was like.  Chris wanted to know if 
Alex and I had played in the tub like he and I used to do.

"Chris," I said. "I am passing on everything that you taught me a 
little boy wants.  Things that you liked.  He is calling the 
shots.  By the way, I've told him about you.  You'll meet him next 
week.  He's just as curious about his body as you were at that 
age."

We chatted on for a few more minutes about other things and then 
said goodbye.  Next week, Jameco.  Next week.  "Don't you go way 
now, ya hear?"

Lunch, the trip back, the beans and hot dogs were working on Alex 
and me.  He was farting every five minutes.  Each time he made the 
noise, I would pretend to look under the kitchen table or 
somewhere like I didn't know where that noise came from.

"Mice," I would say.

Alex laughed.  When I passed gas, he would perk his ears up and 
say,

"More mice?"

"I think something is going to happen to you in a few minutes 
Alex, I said.  "You'd better go upstairs and take care of it."

He didn't need anyone to tell him what the problem was.  I crossed 
my legs and fought the pressure while Alex was in the bathroom.  
When he came out, I went in.  Pueee.  Damn kid, what a stinker you 
are?  Something crawled up in you and died.  I came out quickly 
and found the spray can of air freshener.  I sprayed it and extra 
long time in the bathroom.  Then I went in and shut the door.  
Alex was giggling the whole time over the show.  The next thing I 
knew, Alex came bursting through the door and sprayed the air 
freshener at me.  Oh the things I put up with from today's kids.
I gave him a funny look like old bear growling and scared him into 
a laughing fit.  The kid took advantage of me at a time I was most 
vulnerable.  How's that for respect?

"I got your number, kid," I said.  "Taking advantage of a man with 
his pants down.  You just wait until I get out of here.  I'm going 
to catch you and kiss you until you holler uncle."

Alex taunted me the whole time.  He ran around the bedroom as I 
pretended to not catch him.  He jumped on the bed and his foot 
caught the synthetic silk comforter.  He slipped and fell down on 
his little ass, flat on the bed.

"Now I've got you, I said.  "You ain't gettin away now."

He didn't try.  I fell down in the bed next to him and flipped 
over top on my hands and knees.  I bent down to kiss him as he 
pulled himself up to meet me.

Alex released his grip and laid back down on the bed with a sigh.  
His bedroom brown eye's looked up at me.  I sat back on my 
haunches and began to unbutton his shirt and pants, and then unzip 
them.  I shoved the tee shirt up, bent down and kissed him from 
his head to his belly button.  It tickled him and he wiggled 
around.  I reached up and helped him take his shit and tee shirt 
off.  Next came the shoes and sox, then the pants "and last, but 
not least," Alex's white, tight fitting, Jockey underpants.  Alex 
was naked once again, in my bed.

"Get under the covers," I said.  " wouldn't want you to catch a 
cold."

I jumped up quickly,  took my clothes off, and jumped in with 
naked Alex next to me.  I placed the cheeks of his butt around my 
hard penis and reached over him to caress his genitals.  I placed 
my lift arm under Alex's neck and shoulder and pulled him closer.  
He moved his left arm next to mine.  His right found my butt 
cheek.  He pulled me more tightly to him, then left his fingers 
rest in my crevasse.  Our bodies were one.  His form melted into 
mine.  We were one.  Naked Alex, and me.

Alex had stirred during the night.  Sunlight from the next day was  
streaming through the window,and awakened me.  I looked over at 
Alex.  He had turned completely over and was facing me.  My right 
hand was still draped across him and the other one was under his 
neck and shoulder.  His right hand had fallen down between us and 
the fingers were cupped around my now soft penis.  When I realized 
that, my penis started to show signs of life again.  How did he do 
that without waking me up, I don't know.

I gently squeezed his butt and said,

"Good morning, Alex."

I kissed him on the face cheeks.  His eyes opened and focused on 
me. Then with a sleepy reply, I heard,

"Good morning.  Are we going after Jameco, today?"

"No, not today," I said.  Chris is going to get some people 
together and we are going to raid the island at night.  I had to 
give him a week to get everybody together."

Ugh.  Butt breath.  I was a mess and I hadn't shaved.  I kissed 
Alex one more time, got up and went into the bathroom to pee and 
brush my teeth.  Alex followed my leadership.  While I was 
standing there naked in front of the mirror shaving, Alex came up 
behind me and grabbed me around the waist, pulling himself tight 
against me.  He reached down and fingered my penis playfully.

"Will my Thingme get as big as your's someday, Charles?"

I never considered mine to be big.  I could never approach the 
attributes that some men profess.  Mine was just a comfortable 
palm full.

"Yes it will, my friend," I said.  "In fact,  I see that you will 
grow up a lot taller than you are now and your body will broaden. 
Your Thingme will get a little longer and thicker.  You don't have 
to worry.  When I was your age, a group of us played a card game 
called Strip Poker.  You bet with an article of clothing.  If you 
lost, you took your clothes off.  I had a girl call me "Pencil 
Dick" once.  What the hell did she know?  It's not exactly a 
pencil now, is it Alex?"

"Pencil Dick?....Pencil Dick?....Ha ha ha ha ...Pencil Dick," he 
said laughing his ass off.

I could feel my penis stretching out as Alex played with it.  I 
could feel his up against me getting harder.

"Let's go back to bed, Charles," Alex said.  "Please?"

He kissed me on the back.  I quickly stopped shaving and washed my 
face.  I spun around in Alex's arms to face him and kiss him.  I 
held him hard and kissed him on the mouth.  I then guided him 
lovingly back into the bedroom.

We laid our naked bodies down on the bed.  We kissed, hugged and 
explored each other with our hands.  Alex never did "that" much, 
before. this was new and nice experience.  Nice for me, and new to 
Alex.  I parted his lips with my tongue.  His mouth opened 
slightly to allow my tongue inside.  I found Alex's tongue and 
then explored his sweet, toothpaste tasting, oral cavity.  My 
right hand rested on his cute, little hiney.  I pushed my middle 
finger down through his crevasse and rested it on the opening to 
his anus.  We stayed like that a few minutes more and then I came 
up for air.

"Alex," I said.  Do you want to experience something new?"

"Oh yes, Charles," he said.  "What is it?

"It's the most beautiful natural act between two people, but the 
word sounds so crass and dirty.

"What?" Alex asked.

"If you must know, it's Fucking," I said.

"Oh, I've heard that word before." Alex said. " Jameco says that 
when he gets mad at something."

"That's why it sounds so dirty." I said.  "Getting mad and using 
the word, has nothing to do with the beautiful act it 
describes"

"Show me, Charles, he said.  "Show me."

I reached over to the night stand and took out the small anal 
stimulator for Alex   I took body lotion and had Alex move around 
so I could get the front of his body with it.  I put lotion 
everywhere.

"Now Alex," I said.  "I'm going to turn over on my front.  I want 
you to spread lotion all over my back, everywhere."

I turned over and adjusted my penis to a more comfortable 
position.  Alex spread the lotion as he was told.  He playfully 
poked my anus with his finger to make me jump a little, laughing 
each time.  The little monkey.

"Now straddle me," I said.

I reached back and found his hard penis and pulled on it gently to 
guide him on top of me.

"Now lie face down on top of me."

I guided Alex down and placed his little penis in my crevasse.  I 
pulled my butt cheeks apart slightly to let his penis fall down 
tight against me.  I released my cheeks and Alex's cute, hard four 
inch shaft was resting in my ass, like the hot dog in the bun.

Alex spread his arms out to match my position and laying his head 
on my shoulder.  I took the anal stimulator and reached back to 
put it in Alex's anus.

"No," he said.  "Let me.

I didn't have to tell Alex what to do.  As soon as the anal 
stimulator went in to his anus, Alex began to slip and slide in 
vertical motions, up and down on me.  He was rubbing his little 
penis up and down my crevasse. My butt cheeks applied the pressure 
his fingers would.

"Stop Alex!"  I said.  "This is not right."

I was almost to the point of releasing my life force right then, 
but I held back.

"Quickly, get off me and put this on," I said reaching into the 
drawer for a finger cot.

At first Alex was hurt and confused.  He didn't know what to do.  
I quickly turned to him and gave him a reassuring kiss.  I reached 
down, took his slippery little penis, and placed the finger cot on 
it.  His penis had filled out with it's hardness, and it fit the 
finger cot, like a hand in a glove.

"Quickly, Alex," I said. "Get back on top of me."

As he did, I reached for his hard, little, cute, protected, shaft 
to guide him.  This time, I positioned myself so that my anus was 
right to accept Alex's penis.  I relaxed my anus muscles to the 
extent that the mere touch of Alex's penis at the entrance, would 
open my anus to accept it.

I guided Alex's cute shaft to the rim of my anus and gently pulled 
him down.  I could feel the head of his penis touch the inner 
walls of it.  Alex was in me slightly.

"Now relax, Alex," I said. "Let it happen."

Alex brought his hips closer and let his weight urge his penis 
deeper into me.

"Now, Alex.  Pretend the pressure you feel on your thingme from my 
hiney hole is the same as your right hand and fingers.  Move your 
hips around a little."

Alex began to move vigorously.  First, side to side, then up and 
down.  Up and down.  His slender penis rubbed the walls of my 
anus.  I could feel every nerve tingling around my anus  It would 
get more shallow in my rectum and then deeper.  I could feel it,   
shallow, deep. Shallow, deep, massaging everything I had back 
there.

The blood was boiling in my penis.  I was about to release my life 
force.  Alex's arms flew out and grabbed mine.  He put a death 
grip on my wrists and forearm while vigorously pumping my anus 
with his little, hard, cute four inch, penis.  I could feel Alex's 
heart beat against my back.  His breathing got heavier.  The 
nerves in my anus were so sensitive, that I felt the blood pulsing 
hard in Alex's penis.  He seemed to gasp for air.  He grabbed me 
harder.  And with one great thrust of his hips, deeper than ever 
into me, Alex released his life force into the finger cot.  I had 
been in sync with him from the first time that he grabbed me.  My 
life force erupted, unassisted too, out onto the bed under me.

We laid there, breathing steadily now, not saying a word.  Alex 
began to cry from the emotion.  He was a sensitive kid, and very 
special to me.  A big lump came up in my throat.  I was just as 
emotional as Alex.  We continued to lie still and in that position 
until Alex calmed himself.  Naked Alex and I, with his little hard 
shaft still deep into my rectum.  I needed to hug and kiss him, 
but I didn't dare move until it was correct to do so.  The best I 
could do for him was to control my anus muscles and giving his 
little shaft a gentle squeeze.

The remainder of the week would be interesting.  When we did this 
again I would have the Video camera set up to record and preserve 
this beautiful relation between man, Charles, and boy, Alex, in 
history.

I thought for a minute.  What if Alex wanted me to fuck him.  I 
couldn't do it.  That would hurt him badly.  I wasn't about to put 
my big "Goesinta" up his little ass.  No!  That's where I draw the 
line  I would have to be satisfied with his cute hiney buns around 
my wanting wiener, and he would have to be satisfied with my 
finger or the anal toy.


                           ...........
                           .CHAPTER-9.
..................................................................

The week past quickly.  Alex and I had many naked sessions on 
tape.  Not once did he ask me to fuck him.  Thank Goodness.  I 
didn't want to face the emotional scene when I told him no.  Most 
of the time we cuddled, which seem to fit the bill.

Chris called.  He was ready.  He had law people, he had business 
leaders, he had "none of your business" people.  He had about 
fifty people, boats, and a bunch of (shall we say) "toys that go 
bang".  This was going to be quite an operation.  I hadn't seen so 
much action since Viet Nam.  I didn't ask anything about it.  
Chris was a smart guy and I trusted him.  Fucking around with me 
and our "playtime" activities when he was a kid, didn't hurt him 
growing up.

Chris came by the house with a few of his friends to finalize our 
plans.  We were going out about midnight to just south of the bell 
buoy.  Then we would surround the island with our boats.  And in 
true commando style, get onto the island in black rubber rafts, 
complete with all the equipment.

I had Alex stay up in my room while they were here.  I trusted 
Chris, but I wasn't sure of the others yet.  The men with Chris 
went on to make final preparations.  Chris stayed behind, with me, 
for a little longer to carry on idle chit chat about more old 
times.  He was really stalling.  He kept looking and waiting until 
the other's got out of ear shot.  Then he asked,

"Where is Alex?"

"I thought that's what you were staying around for." I said.  
"Remember, you taught me all about yourself."

"Yes, I suppose you're right, he said.  "May I meet him?"

"Of course," I said.  "Alex...Alex.  Come down and meet an old 
friend."

Alex bound down the stairs to the living room.

"Alex, this is my good friend Chris."

"How do you do, Alex," Chris said extending his right hand.  "I've 
heard a lot about you.  Charles says you have a talent similar to 
me when I was your age."

Alex reached out with his right hand to shake Chris's.  It 
surprised me.  Alex shook his hand with confidence and firmness.  
It was just as if I had taught him.  The perfect little gentlemen 
he was.

"What do you mean?" Alex said releasing Chris's hand.

"Oh, I mean the fact that you find everything interesting, 
especially your body."  Chris said."

"Oh yeah," Alex said with an impish, toothy grin.  "Especially 
that."

"How do you feel about it, Alex?"  Chris asked.

"I Think it's neat," Alex said.

Alex looked at me and gestured towards Chris, saying

"Can I tell him?"

I didn't know exactly what Alex was going to tell Chris, but we 
were all friends here.

"Go ahead," I said.

Charles told me about you too, Chris.  I am glad you did what you 
did when you were my age.  Otherwise, he couldn't show me all the 
things I know now.  Thank you Chris,"

Alex stepped towards Chris and threw his arms around his waist, 
hugging him.  I thought we all were going to cry.

"If Charles doesn't mind, Alex," Chris said, "May I see some of 
the pictures he took of you?  I want to see just how similar 
things are."

Alex looked at me and I looked at him.

They are pictures of you, Alex," I said. "I don't mind if you 
don't.

"Sure, Chris," Alex said.  "I'll go get them.  Oh, Charles, can we 
show the tapes too?"

I shrugged my shoulders in a way to express "what the hey, go for 
it."

Chris and I sat down on the sofa and talked more while Alex went 
for the pictures and tapes.  When he returned, Alex sat between us 
and handed each picture, one at a time, to Chris, denoting each 
new experience that followed.

"May I see some of the tape?" asked Chris.

Alex jumped up and put the tape in the V.C.R.  Alex had arranged 
the pictures in order.  Each picture was followed with a new 
experience on the tape.  I'll never under estimate that kid.

I looked over at Chris.  His eyes were glued to the T.V. screen 
and he was fidgeting, with the crotch of his pants.  He was making 
an "adjustment".

"Charles," Chris said.  I'll tell you how you can square this 
deal, here."

"Oh?" I said.  "How is that?"

 "I have grown up now, Charles," Chris said.  I want you to do to 
me, what Alex is doing to you on that tape.  You would never do 
that to me, Charles.  You always said it would hurt me.  But over 
the years, I have changed in that department.  Help me, Charles.  
This one last time."

I was a little surprised that Chris would ask such a thing.  I 
thought he had grown out of that activity too.  Actually, Chris 
was now TOO old for my liking.  Chris was fourteen when his dad 
was transferred to Florida.  I hadn't seen him to love him since 
then.  However we had kept in touch by letter or phone.

How could I do that for him?  I owe my allegiance to Alex in his 
time of need.  He might not understand.  I thought carefully 
before I answered.  Chris was correct though, I owed him one.

"I don't think that would be fair to Alex, Chris," I said. "You 
know what my age limits are."

"If I included Alex?" Chris said.

He turned to Alex and said,

"May I have your permission to let Charles do for me what you do 
for him.?

"Well, Chris," Alex said, "I don't do that FOR Charles.  I do it 
WITH Charles.  We are together on this.  I do it for US."

"Good for you kid," I thought to myself.  The kid had plenty of 
common sense and what he said to Chris was spontaneous.

"I realize now that you two have a special relationship," Chris 
said.  "It was silly of me to ask.  I'm sorry.

"No, No." Alex said.  "You and Charles had a special relationship 
too.  I understand that.  It has helped me see things a lot 
better.  Please go ahead and do what you need."

I didn't detect a jealous note in Alex's voice.  His response was 
truly genuine.

"Would you like to watch us, Alex?  Chris said. "Or participate?"


"I would like to watch, if I can," Alex said.  "I can record it on 
tape."

Alex, Chris, and I went upstairs to the bedroom.  Chris went into 
the bathroom and purged himself of waste matter.  I heard the 
opening and closing of my towel closet.  I knew what Chris was 
looking for.  He was looking for one of my old toys he and I used 
together.  I still had it.  It meant too much to me to throw away.

Sometimes Chris would come over to my house with terrible cramps.  
The toy was a home made device I had used for Chris to soften  
waste material stuck in his lower bowel.  It  was made up from a 
plastic medicine dropper, rubber surgeon's tubing, and a squeeze 
bulb from a doctor's blood pressure cuff.  I would fill the bulb 
with warm water and insert the plastic end into Chris's rectum.  
Then I would gently squeeze the bulb until all the water was out, 
refill it, and squeeze again.  I would continue this until his 
lower bowel and Colon was filled with water.  From then on, I 
would bubble air through the warm water until Chris told me to 
stop.  I would let him stay like that for a few seconds more , 
then have him run to the bathroom to get rid of the water and air. 
The hard waste material had loosened, so it would come out with 
the water.

I heard the water running.  Chris had found the toy and was using 
it, just for old time's sake.

When Chris returned from the bathroom, he was naked.  Alex and I 
got that way too.  All three of us.  Naked Alex, naked Chris and 
naked me.
Chris was smooth.   He had shaved all his body hair, even the 
pubic area.  His penis had grown to, I guessed, to about five 
inches in length and about 3/4" in diameter.  Chris had filled out 
nicely.

"You see Alex," I said pointing to Chris's penis, "you will fill 
out like that in a few years"

Alex's eyes open wide.  I could see he was excited.

"Do you want to touch it, Alex?" Chris said.

Alex came across the room to examine Chris's penis.  He cupped his 
hands around it as he did his, but he didn't stroke it.

"Wow," he said.  I can't wait to grow up.

"Stay the beautiful kid you are, as long as you can, Alex,"  Chris 
said.  "Don't rush it.  Everything will come to you naturally.

Chris went over to the bed, laid face down, and adjusted his 
penis.  I went over and applied lotion all over his smooth back 
and familiar butt.  I reached in the drawer for my condoms and 
slipped one on me.

"Protect yourself, and those you love, at all times, Alex," I said 
pointing to the condom on my on my penis.

It had been a long time since I've been with Chris.  All the 
familiar hiney bun motion, his gait and general overall smell, 
came back to me.  He was there naked in front of me for the first 
time in twelve years.  I sat on my haunches across the bottom of  
Chris's hairless butt, poised, ready to enter the sanctity of his 
adult rectum.  I reached down and massaged his butt, then spread 
them apart slightly at the entrance way to his cute, old as it 
was, anus.  There was slight inward indentation in Chris's anus 
about as big as my small anal stimulator.

I took aim and touched the rim of the crater with the head of my 
penis.  Chris's anus open up and almost swallowed my shaft.  I 
fell flat on top of him.  Alex came over and inserted one of my 
anal stimulators into my rectum.  It startled me for a minute, but 
it was very perceptive, I didn't expect that from Alex.  It was a 
welcome improvement to the situation..

I pumped my shaft up and down, with all my heart, in Chris's 
rectum.  The feeling was pure extacy for me.  This certainly was 
better than my hand, Alex's hand or his buns, but It had been a 
long time ago for me.  At the heat of the moment, I had become a 
little emotional.  I grabbed Chris, shifted my weight, and pulled 
us both onto our left side.  Our legs were intertwined.  The 
smoothness of Chris's legs spurred me on, as I continued to pump 
his rear.  I kissed him wherever my lips could physically reach.

I could feel the tension in our respective bodies.  I reached 
around and removed Chris's hand from his hard shaft and replaced 
it with my own.  I stroked Chris's shaft with all my might, in 
sync with my pumping.  Chris's breathing was faster and deeper, as 
was mine.  The sounds of extacy from Chris were more frequent.  We 
were both ready to ejaculate.  Our respective life force's would 
release at any moment.

And then it happened.  I could contain the energy no longer.  The 
force of my semen was rushing up the shaft of my penis. I could 
feel Chris's shaft pulse in my right hand.  Once, twice, three 
times.  Our respective life force was free.

Chris's eyes had been closed the whole time I was pumping him.  As 
things began to heat up a bit, I had closed my eyes.  We were 
completely oblivious to Alex's presence.  After he put the 
stimulator in my hiney, I didn't know he was there.  Chris and I 
laid there not saying a word, not moving.  A few minutes went by, 
so I opened my eyes to break the spell.  I had become aware of 
another presence in the room.  Alex.  Naked, sweet, precocious, 
beautiful, Alex, was standing at the foot of the bed with the 
video camera positioned over one eye, recording the whole 
beautiful scene of love between man, Chris and man, Charles.


                           ............
                           .CHAPTER-10.
..................................................................


"Chris," I said. I hope I was as you expected.  Sex with you, was 
a very unusual experience for me.  I am a teacher.  The experience 
with my younger friends, is that of being on the receiving end.

"I know, Charles," Chris said.  "I wanted to give you the 
opportunity to experience me first, because I have a young friend 
too.  I want to be true to him when we start a relationship, as 
you and Alex have."

"What do you mean by "start",Chris," I said.  "You can't lie there 
and tell me that I am the first for you.  I don't want to sound 
crass, but your anus just about sucked me into you.

"No, no," Chris said laughing.  "I gave myself to a friend, for 
the first time, at college.  I meant that my young friend is not 
quite ready to be naked with me, but he was hinting the other day.  
He was asking me questions about his body.  He had begun to feel 
changes, and was more aware of an erection than normal.  Oh I 
wanted to show him the answers, right then!  But the time is not 
right.  It will be natural for him, as it was for me, with you."

"Thank you, Chris for telling me that," I said.  "I still owe you 
one. Our deal is not over, until it's over.  Perhaps, if Alex 
wants,  you can bring your young friend down here to meet him.  
After which, the time just may be right.  What say, Alex?"

"I'd like that very much, Charles," Alex said.  "It would be nice 
to have someone my age to talk to from time to time."

"Speaking of the right time," I said, "it is right for us to go 
after Jameco."

This was going to be hard.  I had a great concern for the safety 
of all concerned.  Especially Alex.  This beautiful naked boy 
standing before me, must be protected.

"Alex," I said, "The operation we are about to undertake, is 
dangerous.  I want to leave you here, should anything happen.  At 
least you will be alive.  I...."

"Stop right there, Charles," he said.  "I know what you're going 
to say.  I've been beat, kicked and slapped around by Jameco for 
going on, four years.  I can't sit back now and not help get him."

I started to protest again.  And again, Alex overrules me with 
logic.  Guess what?  Alex was going with us.  His logic overloaded 
my dumb ass.


                           ............
                           .CHAPTER-11.
..................................................................


Chris, Alex, myself, and two of Chris's friends boarded my boat.  
Chris's friend, Frankie had a portable Pathfinder Radar set.  We 
were going to break every rule in the book.  We were going across 
open water with no running lights.  We shoved off to the mouth of 
Mobjack bay and positioned ourselves so that our course would take 
us in sight of WEAM Radio tower, near Belle Haven, Virginia, on 
the Eastern Shore.  Then we would turn North for Hare Island.   
The trip took much longer in the dark, but we arrived with no 
mishap.

"Alex," I said.  "If you do anything at all FOR me, PLEASE go 
below and get in the storage chest under the seats in the cabin.  
There's plenty of space and you will be comfortable lying on the 
life jackets.  Don't come out until you hear my voice telling you 
it's safe"

"But....," he said.  I......"

"No but's about it, I said.  "I love you too much.  I wouldn't 
want you to be caught and used as a hostage against us.  Not after 
coming this far."

I was a little stern with him, but for his own good.  I finished 
my instructions to him with,

"Understand?"

This time, my logic prevailed.  Alex knew I was right.

Chris, his friends, and I inflated the black rubber raft and 
placed it in the water.  We got in and paddled to a strategic 
point on the beach.  Frankie had been looking for guards with a 
set of night vision glasses.  There were none that we could see.  
They were probably closer in, towards the dormitories.  Chris's 
other friend, Joel had been in constant touch by radio to all the 
other participants in our operation.  They hit the beach all 
around the island, the same time we did in our raft.

Alex had done well.  He knew every inch of the place.  He drew 
maps and told us what dormitories had kids in them and where they 
were in relation to Jameco's office.  Everyone arrived at the edge 
of the woods at the same time.  All the guards were in their hole 
playing cards I guess.  There weren't any around.  As I said 
before, "Jameco is stupid."

Each group of Chris's help converged on a separate dormitory.  
Chris, Frankie, Joel, and I took the one nearest us.

"Hold it," I said.  "This place is wired."

Every window had both foil tape and magnetic switches used in 
burglar alarms.  Hmmm.

"Look around under this lattice work," I said.  "See if you spot 
any wires."

The building had been set up on cement post about four feet in the 
air.  There was a decorative lattice work all around at the base 
of it.  We found that the under part of the dormitory had not been 
alarmed.  Neither had any of the other dormitories.  Another 
stupid move, Jameco.   We removed a section of the lattice and 
went under the dorm.

Apparently, listening to Joel on the radio, each dorm was 
identical.  For some reason, there was a two foot by two foot 
section that had been braced.  It was in the floor near the back 
of the building.  I was the first to investigate it, while Joel 
kept in touch with the others.  There were two slide bolts like 
one would find on screen doors and such, that locked the top 
section to the bracing.  I'll bet this is how Jameco got the kids 
out for the other boats to take, without any of the other kids 
knowing what happened.  Damn his ass.  He snuck in and took them 
while they were asleep.  I slid the bolts back and pushed on the 
floor above me, and it gave a little.  I pushed harder and a 
square panel of flooring lifted up and away.

I stood up through the hole and looked around.  I was standing in 
a closet with mops, brooms, and the like.  I quietly lifted myself 
up into the closet and eased the door open slightly.  I looked out 
through the opening.  The closet opened out into a large room with 
twelve beds.  I quietly slipped into the room to look around.  
Eleven out of twelve beds were occupied.  This had to be Alex's 
dorm from the description.

We had to work quickly.  So with flashlight in hand, I went over 
to the closest bed and awakened it's occupant.  He was a petite 
little fellow appearing to be about eleven years old.  I shook his 
pillow and then his mattress.  He was like Alex, a real dud, when 
it came to waking up.  I put my hand under the sheet and placed it 
on the kids little hiney.  It was bare.  The kid was naked.  Alex 
was right again.  Damn, I love him.  More and more, every minute, 
of every hour.  I gave the kid a gentle squeeze on the butt, 
whispering,

"Wake up...hey, wake up."

The kid jumped and started to make a lot of noise.  I quickly put 
one hand over his mouth, and held him down with the other.

"Shhhh, quiet now, shhhhh," I said. I'm not going to hurt you.  
Everything's going to be alright.  Quickly, now.  Help me wake the 
others."

I know I must have scared him.  He must have thought he was going 
next with the visiting boats.  The kid got up and woke his friend 
asleep in the bed next to him.  His friend got more kids up.  I 
took the other side of the room to wake those kids.  Within 
minutes, all the kids were awake.  I shined my light briefly 
around the room to see what I was up against, and found that all 
the kids were naked.  They seemed to range in age from around nine 
or so, to sixteen.  That must have been Matt.  He was the only one 
with pubic hair.  It was cool outside.  Too cool to run around 
naked.  I cut my light off.  I didn't want to bring any guards or 
Jameco.

By this time, Chris and Joel had come up through the hole.  
Frankie remained behind to be a lookout.  The kids were pensive.  
They were huddling around us nervously.  I started off with an 
explanation as to why we were here.

"Your friend, Alex," I said, "is with me now.  He told me all 
about this place and you kids.  You're all going home, away from 
Jameco.  Each of you grab the blanket off your bed and wrap it 
around you.  It's going to be cool outside."

Joel coordinated with the other teams in the other dorms.  One of 
the dorms had been empty.  Empty dorm doesn't make any money for 
Jameco's operation.  He must be planning to fill it soon.  But, I 
am here.  He won't get the chance.

"Joel," I said.  "Have three members of each team wrap blankets 
around the kids and get them out of here back to the boats and 
Mobjack Bay.  Then give a radio to the remaining team member, and 
leave him with me.  Oh, don't forget the fireworks.  Chris.  You 
and Frankie help get the kids out.  I'll need Joel to help me set 
the charges."

"Done," he said.  Good luck Charles."

The kids, one by one, were sent through the hole.  With a quick 
sprint to the woods, they were home free.  Joel and I were the 
last to leave the dorm.  We planted large charges on the cross 
beams under it, with a timer set for one hour.  Chris relayed our 
every move.  The sound of "Team Two, ready...Team Three ready" was 
music to my ears.  The one hour limit gave me time to find Jameco 
and personally kick his ass.

"Joel," I said.  "Radio to the others.  We're going to the guard 
barracks and leave a few charges.  Don't set the timers until I 
say to.  I want to find Jameco first."

I found the guard barracks and summoned a few of the team members 
over.  We each had a .45 caliber automatic pistol.  I pulled the 
breach back on mine to cock it, and knocked on the door.

"Come in," a voice said.


I said nothing.  Again I knocked.

"What the hell?  Come in, damnit, another voice said.

Nothing.  I heard heavy footsteps coming towards the door, and I 
stepped back.  The "Great Stone Face" opened the door to look 
out.

"Who the......."

I didn't give him a chance to finish.  I stuck the barrel of the 
gun between his false teeth and said,

"It's me, muthafucker.  What ya goin ta do about it?"

"AAAAgggg," he said

"Just what I thought.  Now back up, get back inside."

As we progressed, Chris's friends piled in behind me and fanned 
out, to round up anyone they saw, and bring them back to the 
central room.  I kept my gun on Stoneface, and Joel had two more 
Stoneface look alike's.  The other friends had two or three each 
in tow.

"My, my," I said waiving my gun.  "Isn't this a nice kettle of 
fish....How you all doing?  NOW UP AGAINST THE FUCKING WALL, 
SHITHEADS."

I've always wanted to say that.  I took advantage of the 
situation.  I couldn't believe that these old farts for guards 
were so gun ho, that they still had the Rent-a-Cop uniform on.  
And handcuffs.  I took each handcuff set and connected one guard 
to the other.  Joel removed their belts with all the paraphernalia 
on it, and gave Chris's friends and myself an extra gun or two.  
Then he lowered their pants to the floor and made them take them 
off.  I was amazed at ole' Joel.  He could think up some stuff.  
One of the other friends had the guards sit on the floor.  He then 
took the dress belt from the guard's pants and tied their legs 
together.

"That should hold them." Joel said.  "Now lets go get Jameco."

"Easy, Joel," I said.  "Jameco's mine.  You just back me up if I 
need you."

"No problem, man," Joel said.  "No problem...go for it.  I'll go 
with you,  The rest of these guys will wait here."

I found Jameco's office.  Joel checked the area for any stray 
guards while I looked in a window.  Jameco was in his office at 
the desk, reading, so I went around to the door.  And, with a well 
placed #8 foot, I kicked the door open, positioned myself and 
aimed my .45 caliber automatic at Jameco's head.

Jameco was as white as a sheet.

"What the hell," Jameco said.  "Who the fuck are you?

About that time, the first of the now empty dorms went up in 
flames.

"What does it sound like, FUCKSTICK?" I said.

"I remember you," Jameco said.  "You're the asshole I saw snooping 
around this island."

"That was your mistake for showing yourself to me.  If you hadn't 
fucked with me, chances are you wouldn't be looking at the 
business end of a gun.  But on the other hand, maybe I knew 
something you didn't.....Asshole, huh?"

I walked quickly across the room to Jameco and stuck the barrel of 
the gun in his crotch, hard.  Then I smacked him across the face.  
"Asshole huh?

Jameco spun his head around to soften the blow, but I got him 
coming the other way.  I slapped him around  and put my gun across 
the room on a table.  Joel was there keeping an eye on it.  Jameco 
dove towards his desk drawer, and Joel fired off one round of his 
gun at Jameco's feet.

"Don't move Jameco," I said, my friend here doesn't like you."

I kept beating on Jameco.  I kicked him, poked him in his stomach,
kneed him and pushed him down on the floor.  I kept beating him 
until he passed out, then I beat him some more.  Joel had to pull 
me off.

"Don't kill him, man," Joel said.  "save him for the law.

Thanks to Joel, I came to my senses.  I had beaten Jameco to a 
bloody pulp.  I went over to the water cooler he had in the 
office, got a cup of water and threw it in Jameco's face.  He 
shook his head and came out of his unconscious state.

Get up, you bastard," I said. " I don't know whether I should turn 
you over to the boys you had here or the law.  I think  I think 
I'll give you to the kids.  Yeah, the kids."

"No...no don't, Jameco said  "How much do you want?  I can get you 
lots of money....I..I ha..have some right here.  La...Look in that 
drawer."

What a nervous bitch he was.  Joel looked in the drawer, and his 
chin hit the floor.  There was a drawer packed full of one hundred 
dollar bills.

"Thanks, Jameco," I said.  "That will pay for the gas over here.  
NOW GET MOVING.  Joel, get the drawer."

Chris and Frankie were waiting on the beach for Joel and myself 
with Jameco in tow.  The last of the dorms had blown up.  It would 
be a matter of time before the State Police would be there.  Chris 
had been back to the boat once and called them by radio.  He told 
them it was a lab used to manufacture dope.  That lie would set 
the guards free when the cops come to investigate, but it would 
keep them busy answering questions for a long time.

We got back to the boat with Jameco, and I put him down below.  I 
tied his hands together behind him with nylon rope.  Then I tied 
his hands to his feet, and stuffed him in a foreword (front) 
storage locker.


"Ok, Alex," I said, "it's safe now.  Come on out."

It was a beautiful sight.  With all the naked kids I had seen, 
just an hour ago, none were as beautiful than the sight of Alex.  
My mind was on him constantly while I was beating Jameco.
My world was his world now.  Alex would not go wanting for 
anything.  I would see to it.


                           ............
                           .CHAPTER-12.
..................................................................


It was still dark when we pulled into the Mobjack Bay dock  
Chris's friends had arrived about an hour earlier.  When I got 
back to the house, everyone was there.  All of Chris's friends and 
the naked kids.  Gee, where was I going to put them all?

"Chris," Frankie said, If you don't need me anymore, I'll be 
going."

"Ok." Chris said.  "Thanks for your help.  I'll need your 
statement in case we go to court.

"No Problem, Chris," said Frankie.  "I enjoyed it.  Let me know 
about court, I'll be there for you....Ciao, y'all."

The remainder of Chris's friends echoed Frankie's response and 
took off.

"Tomorrow is going to be a busy day, Charles," Chris said.  "I'll 
stay here to help get these kids settled.  Besides, you need to 
put Jameco on ice too."

I was awe struck.  The brotherly love between Chris, myself, and 
his friends was overwhelming.  I hadn't seen Chris in twelve 
years, but I can see that over the years, he has turned out just 
fine.  He has a lot of friends that would give the shirt of their 
back to Chris.  They thought so much of Chris to help him with my 
problem  that....oh shit, I'm just impressed.  That's all.  I 
haven't seen a nicer bunch of people in a long, long, while.  
Perhaps my attitude about today's youth has changed.

I grabbed some more rope and took Jameco up the stairs to the Gear 
Room.  This room houses gears and cogs connected to the prism 
around the old lamp, on the next level above.  I tied him securely 
to some supports there.  Chris found places for all the kids.  I 
had a few extra blankets, but not enough for all of them.  They 
would have to snuggle up in groups under one of the bigger 
blankets I had.  Their individual body heat would help them stay 
warm.  They had their own blanket too.  I think they were safe.  I 
turned up the thermostat and went to my bedroom with Alex.  Chris 
went to my spare bedroom with Matt.  Yes, yes, everything was 
going to be alright.

I was beat.  The best I could do was get naked kiss Alex good 
night and fall asleep.  I don't know if I even heard a response.  
The next morning I was awakened with the noise of kids stirring 
around.  Slamming pots and pans around, slamming cabinet doors, 
and flushing commode.  I managed to get out of bed and 
investigate.  Alex began to stir some, too.

I dressed and went downstairs to see what was going on.  An older 
group of kids was raiding my refrigerator and cabinets and cooking 
everything in sight.  They even got my last drop of peanut butter.  
Uhh.  What's an old Southern boy going to do without his peanut 
butter?

"Good morning y'all," I said, "sleep well?.

Four sets of eyes turned to stare at me.  They had left their 
blankets in the living room and were naked.  I was clothed.  And a 
being a stranger to them, they felt a little embarrassed and tried 
to cover their front ends by ducking behind a kitchen chair or 
covering it with their hands.

I chuckled at the situation, and the kids relaxed a little.  I 
said,

"I hope you find enough to eat.  If not, I go out to the market 
and get more.  I hope most of you will be back home in your own 
beds, by tonight or tomorrow.  Please, continue with the food.  My 
name is Charles, by the way."

"Mine's James," an impish, little blond haired kid said, pointing 
to himself.  "And this is Brad," continuing to point around the 
kitchen, "this is Paul, and that's Andy."

"Nice to meet you, guy's," I said.  I guess some of you are a 
little confused about what is going on  After you eat, I'll tell 
you the whole story."

It took about two hours for all of them to get fed, go potty, and 
clean up a bit, so I waited for all of that to end.  While I 
waited, Alex had come down and I asked him to help and find out 
all the sizes of underwear, sox, shoes, shirts and pants, that he 
could.  Chris and Matt came down ten minutes later.  I wonder what 
they've been doing?  I was going to take some of Jameco's money 
and buy them some clothes to put on.  I liked them naked, but they 
had to have something on when their people came for them
.....Jameco.  Holly shit, Batman, I forgot about Jameco.  Although 
he was a Shithead, he still had to be fed.  I want him healthy for 
the cops.  Chris went up to check on him, take him some food, and 
let him go potty. I really didn't want his shit stinking up the 
place, but what are you going to do?  He was a captured audience.

I settled all the kids down in the living room.  Each and every 
one was naked.  Some were tall, some were short.  Some had flat 
butts, and some had more rounded, firm ones.  Some of the 
obviously older ones were showing muscle outlines and light pubic 
hair.  To make a point, they were all cute as a button.  I stood 
there taking in the view.

"First of all," I said, "my name is Charles, for those of you that 
didn't hear when I told James.  Secondly, will it make any of you 
feel better if I got as naked as you?"

There was a unanimous "YES", so I stripped my clothes off there in 
front of them.  They got really relaxed.  Chris had finished his 
chore with Jameco, and came down the stairs.

"Alex, Chris," I said, "take your clothes off."

There was no hesitancy on their part.  Everyone was comfortable.

"Ok, kids," I said, "listen up.  Alex here, has taken your clothes 
sizes and I am going up to Richmond and buy clothes for all of 
you.  I would like you all to tell Chris everything you know about 
your name, where you live, telephone numbers, and anything else 
that would help get you back home.  Everything's going to be ok 
now.  Some of you thought it would be better on the island, so you 
ran away with Alex or someone.  Some of you were kidnapped by 
Jameco.  It doesn't matter.  I love you all.  You have done 
nothing wrong.  Tell Chris everything you know."

I turned to Alex and asked him if he wanted to go to Richmond with 
me and help get the clothes.  I would have to go to the market to 
get more food too.  He elected to go with me.


"Chris."  I said.  "Are you going to be ok while we're gone?"

"Yes, he said.  "I'll be fine.  If Jameco gets out of hand, I'll 
just let them take care of him."  He gestured towards all the 
kids.

I laughed, but I knew he was serious.  Chris was so mad at the 
situation, that he would keep Jameco tied up, and let each kid 
have a go at him.  It was an unfair advantage, but think of how 
unfair Jameco had been to the kids.  Hmmm.  That would even the 
odds a little.  Go for it, Chris.

Alex and I got dressed and took off for Richmond.  Few meaningful 
words were spoken, until Alex changed the subject with,

"What's going to happen now, Charles...I mean you and me?

"I love you Alex," I said.  "Nothing is going to happen.  Remember 
our little talk one day about you staying with me?"

He shook his head to indicate yes.

"Well that plan has not changed."  I continued.  "You can stay 
with me as long as you like.  I will take care of you.  Feed you, 
clothe you (when necessary), and educate you.

Alex laughed at the "when necessary" part, but still seemed 
worried.

"What's the matter Alex?" I said.  "Why so grimm?"

"How are you going to do all that?"  He said.  It cost 
money."

"Well, Alex," I said, "I have a little still saved up in the bank.  
I get retirement and Social security will come in later, plus I 
have seen some of those kids before.  Their picture was on one of 
those "have you seen me" cards, I get in the mail.  Chances are 
there is a reward, not that it matters, for their safe return, and 
I'm sure Jameco has a price on his head.  We'll be comfortable.  
Don't you worry."

Alex gave out a big sigh of relief and laid his head down in my 
lap.  I reached down and rubbed his head, running my fingers 
through his hair.  I then rubbed his chest and rested my hand 
there.  If there was such a thing as human possession, I belonged 
to Alex.
  

                           ............
                           .CHAPTER-13.
..................................................................


Alex and I finished our shopping in Richmond.  The next stops were 
the I.G.A. Market in Gloucester, and home.  When we returned home, 
I opened the packages of undershirts and pants.  Alex gave out the 
sox and shoes.  I let the kids chose the other styles of clothing.  
I had everything from conservative white shirts to wild tropical 
colors.  It was the same with the pants too.  Some were shorts.  
It didn't take long for the kids to dress, damnit.  The nakedness 
was good while it lasted.  Now I could cut the heat down in this 
place.  It was getting a little warm in here.

I got some water and went upstairs to check on Jameco.  His 
clothes were torn in several places.  He had several wet spots all 
over him.  There were a few blobs of mucus stuck to his hair.  The 
only thing I didn't see was feces.  Chris must have set the kids 
loose on Jameco.  They had kicked him, ripped his clothes spit on 
him and peed on him.  I gave him the water and took him to the 
bathroom for his other needs.  Then I tied him up again in the 
Gear Room.  I don't know the reason I'm being so nice to Jameco.  
He's just the fat, no good, slimly, crooked, slob that I've always 
hated.  Maybe hate is not in my dictionary.  Naw, it was a selfish 
reason.  I wanted Jameco to be presentable when I turned him over 
to the State Police.

I returned downstairs with a shit eating grin on my face.  Chris 
looked at me and I looked at him.  He understood what it was all 
about.  He handed me the paper with all the names and telephone 
numbers on it.

"Have any of them called their parents yet?" I asked.

"No," Chris said.  "We discussed it, and thought you would enjoy 
doing that."

Chris was right on the mark.  I would like that very much.  I went 
over to the phone, and Alex sat next to me to call out the 
telephone numbers while I dialed.  I had each kid talk to their 
parents to prove the call was on the up and up and that I wasn't 
just some asshole calling to deepen their sorrow.  Chris went into 
the kitchen to put the food away and fix a light lunch for us all.

Jameco had been a busy boy.  These kids were from up and down the 
Mid-Atlantic Seaboard, from Delaware to South Carolina.  It took 
me some time, but I was able to reach everyone.  Some of kids 
would be here for another day, so their parents could make the 
trip.  Rather than have them come here, I would rent a motel room 
up on U.S. 17 and meet them there.  I made arrangements to phone 
them again with the information on the motel and how to get there.  
In a few days, all the kids would be safe and sound in their 
homes.  Then it would be Jameco's turn in his "new" home, if you 
get my drift.  I called the motel and made reservations for two   
rooms, adjoining.  Then I called the parents again with the info.  
Chris and I took those kids whose parents were coming right away 
to the motel.  There wasn't enough room in one car.  Remember the 
time when it was a fad to see how many people you could put in a 
Volkswagen?  Well that's how I felt in my car with all of them,  
Chris too.  Alex stayed with the others until Chris could get back 
to help him.

The kids and I piled into two rooms. Some took off straight for 
the bathroom.  The others sat on the beds and waited their turn.  
When they all had finished in the bathroom, I stood in the doorway 
between rooms and said,

"You all told me, on the trip up here, that you were ok.  But I 
would like to be absolutely sure.  I want to have a clear 
conscience.  So, before anybody gets here for you, I need each of 
you to take your clothes off, one more time, for me.  I want to 
look for telltale marks.  Would you do that for me, please?"

"Only if you will, Charles," came the reply from a boy of about 
ten years old."

With pleasure," I said taking my clothes off.

I looked around and all the kids were in various states of 
undress.  My penis was stirring so I sat on the bed.  I had the 
kids line up, single file and come by the bed, one at a time.  I 
had each one lie on his stomach.

I examined their neck for bruises, their back for scars, and butt 
for signs of penetration.  That's the part I enjoyed most.  Their 
cute little naked butts with untouched virgin anus's.  I had them 
turn over on their back so I could examine their front.  I looked 
there for all the telltale signs of abuse too.  When I got to the 
penis area, I noticed that each kid was in various states of 
arousal, from naked me, touching their naked butt, I guess.  I 
took their penis between my thumb and forefinger to straighten out 
the wrinkles, and examined that too.  Some had been cut at birth 
and some had not.  For those that were not, I folded back their 
foreskins to check for that "yellow waxy build up".  The kids 
seemed to enjoy the examinations, because there was some 
interaction between them.  One boy would tease another about the 
shape of his penis or say something about his "pooper" hole, and 
the others would giggle.  I enjoyed it too.  As I finished with 
each boy, I did the fatherly thing, and stood him in front of me.  
I hugged him tightly to me, put my hand on his butt and kissed 
him. "Good luck, kid." I would say, as I sent him off to dress.  I 
was getting anxious.  I couldn't wait until this was all over, and 
Alex and I were alone again, together.

I got dressed and the phone rang.  It was the front desk.  The 
first of the parents had arrived.

"One of you guy's parents are here," I said.

The boys let out a cheer.  They were all excited.  Some ran to the 
bathroom to freshen up and others went to the windows to look out.

"It's mine," one kid rang out as he broke into tears.  It's mine.

There was a knock on the door, and I went to open it.  The little 
fellow almost toppled me over getting to the door before me.  The 
door opened and he grabbed his parents and hugged them.  The 
mother was a typical mother.  She kissed and cried and all that 
stuff.  The father just held onto him tightly.  They introduced 
themselves to me as Mr. and Mrs. Webb.  This was their son Steven.

After things calmed down a bit, I explained the story to them 
about Jameco and the island.  I didn't elaborate as to whether 
Steven was a runaway or not.  In fact, I wouldn't do that at all.  
I wanted the parents to go away with their son, happy, thinking 
him a little hero.  I wasn't going to spoil that for them.  
Steven's parents seemed at ease with my explanation.  I also told 
them they needn't worry, I was going to take care of putting 
Jameco under the jail.

Mr. Webb took an envelop out of his shirt pocket and handed it to 
me.

"What's this?" I said.

"It's the reward for finding Steven." He said.  "I won't take NO 
for an answer.  The money has already been committed.  I can't 
return it.

"I don't know what to say,  Mr. Webb."  I said.

" Say thank you." Mrs. Webb said as she reached over to hug me.

"Thank you," I said.

Mrs Webb kissed me on the face cheek.  She and Mr. Webb said their 
goodbyes.  Steven shook my hand.  One down and many to go.  I 
might last the day if this pace keeps up.  I looked around the 
room at all the kids.  They had just witnessed the truth.  This 
was not a dream.  They were all going home.

I glanced in the envelope.  It was a check for Five Thousand 
Dollars.  I just about dropped my false teeth, and I don't have 
false teeth.  This would jump start the fund I was planning to 
start up for Alex's higher education.  My mind reeled back to 
reality when the phone rang again.  It was another boy's parents.

This continued on for the remainder of the afternoon.  The last 
boy went home by about six-thirty that evening.  I told my story 
to the parents so many times, I would probably hear it in my 
dreams.  Each set of parents, or parent, told me that a reward had 
been posted for their child.  Some gave it to me then, and some 
would have their lawyer send it to me.  Alex was going to be a 
wealthy little kid.  Most of the money was going to his education, 
and the rest was going to his want's and need's, doctor bills, 
food clothing, etc, etc.

I left the motel room and went back home to check on Chris and the 
gang.  Jameco had been fed, by Alex, of all people, and he was 
content.  He'd best be content, because he won't have any time to 
think about it after his fellow inmates get through with him once 
the story leaks out about what he did.

"Is everybody happy?" I asked gesturing like a clown.

A few chuckles came from my audience, and I had them gather around 
so I could tell them the game plan for tomorrow.  I went through 
my list and read off the names of parents that would be here.  
Damn.  Another busy day tomorrow.

I was getting a little hungry.  Chris had fixed something for the 
kids earlier.  I had left overs.  After I ate, we all settled down 
in front of the T.V. and watched a "shoot-em-up Spaghetti Western" 
and the late news.   After the news, I gave the hint to settle in 
for the night, and cut the T.V. off.  Some of the kids had zonked 
out long ago on their blankets, and the other's were ready.  Alex 
and I headed upstairs.  I looked around and saw that Matt was 
still with us,  Chris had him in tow.

The next day, Chris and I loaded the kids in our cars and took off 
for the motel.  I didn't want to leave Jameco by himself for long 
at the house, so Chris made a return trip to watch him.  Alex had 
stayed behind, but Jameco was a strong son of a bitch.  I didn't 
want to take a chance on anything happening to Alex, or Jameco for 
that matter.

I went to the motel room and herded the kid in.  I told them to 
settle down a bit, that I'd be back in a minute or two.  There 
were some hurt looks on some of the faces.  It was the look of 
sadness.  If one were so inclined, one would think that they were 
lambs being led to the slaughter.  I recognized it immediately.  
Matt had by now some trust in me, from talking to Chris in bed.  I 
asked Matt to help them get over their fears, until I got back.
I had to go up to the motel office and reserve the room another 
day, since Twelve Noon was check out time from the day before.  
This would allow ample time for the remaining parents to get 
here.

When I got back to the room, I could hear laughing and giggling.  
Matt must have it under control.  

"Ah Haaaa," I said in a Grouch Marks, Dr. Quackenbush, style.  
"Thought I was gona leave ya, huh, kids?"

They laughed at me for being so silly.  I had them gather around 
me.  I told them about the examination I wanted to do and they saw 
no problem with it.  However, one wiseacre said,

"Can we examine you first, Charles?"

That caught me by surprise, but when I started to take my clothes 
off, they did too.  

"Lie down on the bed," one kid said.  "Face down."

"You're Brad aren't you?" I said.  "It's so many of you, that it's 
hard to remember all the names."

"Yeah, that's right."  Brad said.  "I was in your kitchen when we 
first met."

I thought I had remembered him.  He has a tuft of hair at the base 
of his spine, just above his cute crevasse, if memory serves me.  
Brad was a boy with an olive complexion and was about eleven, or 
so, years of age.  He also had the features like people from 
Middle Europe.  Spain or Italy, perhaps.  When I get to examine 
him, I'll know more about him, for sure.

These kids had an imagination.  They broke up into teams and 
examined me, fore and aft, as they say on Navy ships.  They poked 
a finger in every orifice I had, just about.  They pulled on my 
penis so many times, that I thought I was going to release my pent 
up Life Force any minute.  One young man said I had "Cooties in my 
Underhair".  Underhair?  So he went in the bathroom and got the 
complementary shaving kit, lathered my pubic area and shaved me.

"Now you look like us," he said, "except Matt.  You can shave him.
I never had thought about it.  It might be interesting.

"Look!" another kid said.  "Matt's got Cooties too.  Shave him 
Charles, shave him."

The younger kids were playfully taunting Matt.  Running around him 
pointing at his semi-hard erection, or pulling it gently, and 
yelling Cooties, Cooties, Cooties.  I thought I had left the word 
Cootie in my childhood.  I didn't know the word was still around.


I had my chance to examine them now, and I took advantage of the 
time.  Again, there was the taunting of each other about their 
individual attributes.  The kids were making a game out of my 
seriousness.  When Matt's turn came up, I was careful not to look 
too hard at his penis.  It was already erect from me touching his 
anus in a certain way.  I wanted, so much to stroke it and relieve 
its tension, but I knew, too, that Matt would ejaculate in front 
of everyone.  This was a private thing between a boy and his penis 
or two boy's and their penis's.  These kids would learn soon 
enough on their own.  I turned Matt over and kissed his butt.  I 
never did shave him though.  I told the kids to get dressed, for 
the parents would be here any minute.

There was a knock on the door, and I went to open it.  It was 
Chris.

"Chris!" I said. "What's happened?  Has something happened to 
Alex?  Where's Jameco?"

"Frankie had to come back to get some equipment he had forgotten 
on your boat.  He said he would stay with Alex and watch Jameco 
until we got back.  Is Matt still here?"

Relieved of that situation, I stepped back and waved Chris into 
the room.  Matt was sitting on the bed.

"I couldn't go without saying goodbye to Matt." Chris said turning 
to Matt.  "Matt we have to talk."

I ushered the kids into the adjoining room and went with them.  
Chris and Matt stayed behind.  As I went through the double doors, 
I heard the familiar click of a locking door.  Chris had locked 
the door.  I locked the door on my side as well, and carried on 
idle chit chat with the kids.

The motel manager had tied the phones together, and it rang in the 
adjoining room too.  The parents had started to arrive.  Brad's 
parents were the first.  Brad had been one of the "Have You Seen 
Me" kids.

Brad's mother was from Puerto Rico, and his dad was from State 
Side.  I can conclude why Brad had a little tuft of hair above his 
cute crevasse at the base of his spine.  On my many trips to 
Puerto Rico, I observed a lot of kids like that.  In the 60's I 
helped my company put water and electricity to the small villages 
there.  It was called Operation Bootstrap.  The kids of the 
village would watch us work.  Some of the kids went out to play 
naked.  Boys or girls, it didn't matter.  Their folks worked in 
the sugar cane fields and had a house on stilts with goats in the 
yard, and a color t.v., but not enough money for the clothes on 
their kids back.  Some of the boy kids had this little tuft of 
hair at the base of their spine.  The only other hair on their 
body, was that on their head.

One by one, I reunited the kids with their parents.  Apparently 
each kid had a reward posted for their return.  I couldn't refuse 
the money.  The parents would not let me.  The money had been 
earmarked for that purpose and none other.  I just wanted to see 
the kids get back to their family.  I just wanted to see Jameco 
pay for hurting these kids as he did.  I didn't care about the 
money, but Alex could use it, I'm sure.

The last kid to go was Matt.  His parents had called me from 
Norfolk.  They had been delayed by the traffic around the Navy 
base.  It was over an hour's drive, or so here, after they get 
through the bridge-tunnel at Hampton.  Norfolk traffic is always a 
mess.

About Twenty minutes passed, and I heard a knock on the door 
between the rooms.  A voice from behind the door said,

"May we come in?"

I unlocked my side of the door and Chris opened it.  Behind him 
was Matt.  They were both naked.  It left nothing to the 
imagination about what was going on in the next room.

"Have a nice nap, Chris," I said.  "And you, Matt?"

They both looked at me and smiled.

"We had a NICE nap, Charles," Matt said.

I looked closely at him.  His Penis was red as a beet and still a 
little stiff.

"Charles," Chris said,  Matt here, knows of our relationship.  He 
thinks it's beautiful.  He knows, also that I have a young friend 
back home, and you have Alex.  He had some younger friends that he 
hasn't seen in a few years at his home, and he wanted to be up on 
the latest techniques, as it were, so he could teach them as you 
taught Alex and me."

"It is a subject, Chris," I said, "that has to be sought, and then 
taught.  Not every young boy wants to learn such things.  It has 
to be natural need between teacher and student.  I hope you 
thought carefully about that the first night you took Matt to your 
bedroom."

"I did, Charles," Chris said.  "While you were off buying clothes, 
Matt and I talked at length about the island, how he got there, 
and how long he had been there.  The kid had missed a lot of his 
life.  Here he was just sixteen years old, not knowing anything 
about himself.  Why did his front get hard? Why did he have 
strange feelings he couldn't explain?  Nocturnal Emissions, etc.?
I let him know, that I was there for him, to answer his questions.  
And he was eager to learn."

I couldn't argue with that.  I had done the same thing for Chris.  
I was there for him.  As long as it was a natural education, 
everything was ok.

I looked at Matt's boy/man body.  Things were forming up on him as 
it was supposed to.  His young body was becoming firm in all the 
right places.  I stared at him a minute more before I said 
anything.  I had flashbacks in my head, to the last time I saw 
Chris naked, before he had to move away with his parents.  Matt 
was forming up just like that.....God, kid.  You'll be turning 
them away at the door.  I swallowed the lump in my throat and 
asked Matt what he thought.

"I didn't know, until now, about my feelings," Matt said.  "At 
least I have some information to draw from, as I get older."

"That you will, my friend," I said.  "That you will.  By the way, 
your parents called from Norfolk about a half hour ago.  They're 
on their way.  You two had better get dressed."

"Is there time for a shower?" Matt said.

I looked at my watch and gave an affirmative nod with my head to 
Matt.

"Can we shower together, Charles?" Matt asked.  "I want to show 
the teacher what I've learned."

I looked at Chris, and Chris looked at me. We just shrugged our 
shoulders at each other, as if to say, "why not?".  Chris went 
into the other room and closed the door.  Matt went into the 
bathroom and started the water to adjust the temperature.  I took 
my clothes off and followed him in.  Ordinarily, a boy like Matt, 
is on the outside edge of my category.  By the time a kid reaches 
Matt's age, he is experienced and doesn't need my training.  But 
Matt was a special case.  He had been deprived of this knowledge 
and had to be taught before going into the big world.

Matt was probably going to be over six foot tall by age twenty- 
one.  His hips matched mine in height, now.  We stepped into the 
shower and lathered ourselves all over, together.

"Matt's penis was slender and about five inches long.  Damn.  What 
a horse this guy was going to be when he got older.  Matt stepped 
behind me and pulled me tight against him.  I could feel his hard 
shaft in my crevasse.  He moved his right hand from around my 
waist and brought it down to aim his shaft towards my rectum.  I 
bent forward, slightly to facilitate him.

He found my anus with ease, and forced the head of his slender 
hard, unprotected, shaft in my rectum.  My anal muscles opened the 
path wider, and he was in.  It was a tight fit.  Matt's penis was 
a little larger than Alex's.  It was about 3/4" in diameter and 
solid muscle.  I reached around as far as I could to find Matt's 
anus.  I could not reach it very well.  When Matt was pumping, his 
butt kept getting out of reach.  I guess he was so stimulated by 
having his penis in me, that he didn't need anal stimulation.  I 
could feel my Life Force building up in me.  Matt's penis was 
getting tighter in my rectum.  His thrust were getting longer and 
deeper.  finally, our Life Forces sprang out together.  Mine, into 
the shower drain, and Matt's, out of his unprotected penis, into 
my anal cavity.

We just stood there under the warm water, still together, not 
moving, catching our breath, reveling in the extacy of the moment.  
finally, we pulled apart.  I turned to him, held him tightly in my 
arms, and kissed him on the mouth.  I then inspected Matt's penis 
for extraneous material and insisted that he wash it well.  And 
when he was through, wash it again.  I was most emphatic about the 
importance of protection.  If Matt was going to do this in the 
future or have it done to him, wear protection in this day and 
time.  Never take the chance I just did.  In case anything was 
wrong, I would to dig out that old home made enema device and wash 
my anal cavity out, when I got home.  I kissed Matt again and 
wished him luck in his future endeavors.  He had school facing 
him, and all the social pressures associated with that.

I dried off and went into the other room to update Chris.

"If that's what you want to do," he said, "But I have your enema 
thing.  I brought it with me this afternoon.  Here," handing it to 
me.

"Thank Goodness for small favors," I said, and went into the 
bathroom to wash my anal cavity out.  Chris loved that toy when he 
was a kid.  Actually, it was "his" enema thing, now.  I hadn't 
used it in years.  I had made a better one for myself.

Chris, Matt, and myself had dressed and sat around to await Matt's 
parents.  Ten minutes later the phone rang.  Matt's parents had 
arrived.

"Good afternoon," I said welcoming them in the room.

Matt stood up, and his parents rushed past me as if I weren't even 
there.  Matt's mother grabbed him around the upper torso and 
kissed him profusely around his face.  Matt's dad held him around 
the waist tightly, waiting his turn for that paternal hug and 
kiss.  Matt's father may not have kissed him before he was gone, 
but he sure did now.  I could see that Matt was going to turn out 
alright.  He had the love of a family now.  A love that was never 
gone, a love that will always be.

When Matt's parents finally turned to me, with tears in their 
eyes, I introduced Chris and myself to them.  I had a hard time, 
because Chris and myself, both, were overcome by emotion.  It was 
a scene that, if you haven't experienced it, you couldn't describe 
it.

My name is Tom Griffith," he said extending his right hand, "and 
this is my wife Anna.  How did you find our son?"

I explained the story to them, leaving out only the minor details 
about the nakedness and such.  Matt had been missing for five 
years, his dad told me.  The most important years of Matt's life 
had been taken from him.  I hope that his interface with Chris and 
me, will help return some of that time to him.

The Griffith's stood up to leave and return home with Matt.  Chris 
and I stood up to shake Matt's hand.  And with a "good luck, kid", 
and a pat on the butt, Matt and his parents were gone.  Chris ran 
into the bathroom and splashed water in his face.  His emotions 
had drained him.  I still had the lump in my throat, but it went 
away, when Chris came back into the room and gave me a brotherly 
hug.


                           ............
                           .CHAPTER-14.
..................................................................


I checked out of the motel after everyone had gone.  The motel 
manager was curious as to what was going on, but without getting 
into too much detail, I told him that it would be in the newspaper 
in a few days.  I also told him that he was the first to know 
about these kids being reunited with their folks.  I appealed to 
his sense of money and said that the motel would get lots of 
favorable advertising.  He didn't ask me any more questions.

Chris followed me back to the lighthouse in his car.  When we 
arrived, Frankie met us at the door.  He was getting a little 
concerned about us.

"Hey, guys," Frankie said, "I was about to send out the dogs to 
find you two.  Did everything go well?"

"Yes," I said.  I want to thank you for staying and watching out 
for Alex and Jameco.  It gave Chris a little time to himself."

"No problem," he said,  "I owe Chris a lot, I'll do anything for 
him, that he needs."

Frankie paused as I took in what he said, and updated my feelings 
for Chris.  I was proud.  I like to think I had a hand in Chris's 
development.

"Charles," Frankie continued, "I have to work tomorrow, so I'd 
best get home and get ready."

"Ok, Frankie," I said, "thanks again, and nice meeting you."

He said has goodbyes to Alex and me.  Chris walked out with 
Frankie to personally see him off.


I turned to Alex and said,

"When Chris gets back in, we'll get rid of Jameco."

The look on Alex's face was priceless.  He couldn't wait to be a 
part of that.

"We need to prepare you, Alex," I said.  "The Police are going to 
ask you a lot of questions, too.  There may be some that you don't 
want to answer, or can't answer.  Are you ready for that?  If not, 
I can hide you somewhere until they go."

Alex thought hard about it.  I wanted him to stay with us and be 
in on the glory from capturing Jameco.  He was just as much help 
as Chris and his friends.  But on the other hand, I wouldn't want 
him subjected to the trauma a kid Alex's age can experience with 
authority figures asking pointed questions of him.  Something may 
slip about our relationship, and they will take him away from me.  
I couldn't lose Alex, not now.  While Alex was thinking, I 
explained my feelings in this matter to him.  Then he opened his 
mouth to speak.

"Will you and Chris help me, Charles?  He said.  "I really want to 
be in on this, but I don't want to get you in trouble either.  I 
don't know what to do."

Alex came forward toward me, grabbed me around the waist, and 
began to cry.  I gave him a reassuring rub on the back and 
shoulders and said,

"Easy, friend.  Chris and I will get you through it."

About that time, Chris walked back in through the front door.

"Well, well, well," he said, "what's all this?

"Alex, here." I said, is going to share in the capture of Jameco.  
He wishes our help in preparing him for the cops."

"I've been thinking about that."  Chris said.  Alex had been 
getting something Jameco wanted, right?  Your kitchen had been 
pilfered, right?  Then that was the "something" Jameco wanted.  
Food.  Yes, Alex was stealing food and other goods from all over 
the area. ...Naw.  Jameco would tell another story."

"It would just be our word against his, I said.  "We have the 
story from all the kids.  Who are they going to believe?
Besides, Alex did steal from me, and I caught him.  Right?
My only concern is, that They will know Alex is not mine.  They 
will take him away and try to make him a ward of the state."

"I've got that covered too," Chris said. "I have some friends that 
will be Alex's parents for as long as you need them to, you 
understand."

"I understand, Chris," I replied with a shit eating grin on my 
face.  "You know, I don't even know Alex's last name.  What's your 
last name, Alex?"

Chris sure has a lot of friends for such a young lad.  I didn't 
ask any questions, I just accepted it.

"Martin." Alex said.

Know any Martin's, Chris?" I said turning to him.

"No," he said, "but give me a few hours.  I'll get you some.

I thought he was joking, but he could produce a Martin family.
It seems that as a lawyer, he defended a couple that were document 
forgers.  He had gotten them out of trouble on a technicality, and 
they owed him a favor.  They could be anybody he wanted, complete 
with identification.  Chris made the phone call to his friends, 
"The "Martins", and gave them all the details about Alex.  After 
that was over, I called the Virginia State Police and gave them 
directions here.


                           ............
                           .CHAPTER-15.
..................................................................


It couldn't have been any simpler  In about an hour, the State 
Police arrived in two cars, one standard blue and grey car and the 
other one unmarked.  I started explaining the story first, without 
Alex in the room.  Chris told them his position as a lawyer in 
this situation and they took the statements he had from his 
friends.  At first, one of the policemen, a captain out of the 
Williamsburg office, Captain Cole, was dubious about the whole 
thing.  So Chris then gave Cole the list of names, addresses and 
phone numbers, of the kids and their parents, to which Chris had 
added Alex's and Mr. and Mrs. "Martin's" name.  Captain Cole began 
to change his attitude.

"Well gentlemen," I said, "there you have it.  The last kid to go 
is on the list, there, ahh, Alex Martin.  His parents are due 
sometime later this afternoon.  Do you want to meet him?"

The cops were in agreement and I called Alex.  Alex came out of 
the kitchen with grape jam on his face and a milk moustache.  I 
handed him my handkerchief and he got the hint.

"Alex," I said gesturing.  "This is Captain Cole from the Virginia 
State Police. and these are his men.  Captain Cole, men, this is 
Alex."

Alex nodded his head hello towards the other officers and walked 
over to shake Captain Cole's hand.

"How do you do, sir?" Alex said.

Captain cole was taken in by the sight of this beautiful child
Alex  I could see that he had some sympathy for the situation.  
Beneath that hard exterior, was an old pussy cat. As he released 
Alex's hand, he said,

"How do YOU do, Alex?  Mr. Baudot here, tells me that you've been 
through quite an ordeal.  Can you tell me a little about it?


Chris went upstairs to check on Jameco for the last time.  He 
wanted him presentable for the cops.  "Here we go," I thought to 
myself.  We had rehearsed Alex with the truth, but minus a few of 
the details about his role in Jameco's scheme.  As far as that was 
concerned, Jameco used the kids as bait and did all the kidnapping 
himself.  He didn't look at me for coaching, and the told Cole 
everything, flawless.  I hope Alex was as prepared for the 
"Martins".

Captain Cole spoke after a few minutes with,

"Jameco...Jameco.  Why does that name sound familiar?  Officer 
Eaven, let me borrow your hand held radio."

The officer handed Cole his radio.  The state has a hell of a 
radio system.  The hand held would be received by the officer's 
car radio and then re-broadcast with much more power to a repeater 
system tied to their headquarters.  Cole could talk to anyone, 
anywhere, in the state with this system, right from my living 
room.  Captain cole contacted someone in his Williamsburg office 
and asked about Jameco. They relayed all the details.  It seems 
that Jameco was wanted by the F.B.I. for a lot of nasty things, 
including Child Abuse and Kidnapping.  Hmmm. How about that?

"Where is Jameco now," Captain Cole asked.  "You didn't kill him 
with your fireworks did you?

"To be honest with you, I thought about it," I said.

About that time,  Chris came downstairs and winked at me.  I 
turned to Captain Cole and said,

"Right upstairs, Captain.  Follow me."

One by one, everybody made the trip upstairs to the Gear Room.  
Jameco was clean.  Chris had done well with him.  He explained the 
rips in his clothes to Cole as an accident we had getting him in 
the boat to here.  Cole shrugged, as if to say "shit happens."  
Cole took a card out of his shirt pocket and began to read from 
it.  Jameco was being Morrandized.  The whole time, Jameco was 
cursing me, Chris, Alex, and generally being an asshole.  This 
didn't phase Captain Cole.  Cole continued to read through it all.  
The last words had to be repeated several times.


"Do you understand these rights as I have read them to you?" 
Captain Cole said.

There was no response from Jameco.

"DO YOU UNDERSTAND THESE RIGHTS AS I HAVE READ THEM TO YOU?"
Cole said with a little more emphasis.


One of the officers grabbed Jameco's hair and turned his head to 
face Captain Cole.  Again Cole repeated the last question with

more force.  finally, Jameco was attentive and he responded with,

"Fucking yes, cop, asshole."

I thought Captain Cole was going to punch him out right there.  
His neck was red from anger.  But to my surprise, he held his cool 
and beckoned the other officers to untie Jameco and put the 
handcuffs on him.

"Take his ass out of here," Cole said.  "Put him in your car and 
one of you stay with him at all times.  I'll be along shortly.

When we got downstairs, there was a knocking sound coming from the 
front door.  I went to open it.  There two people, a man and a 
woman.

"Hello," the man said "We're Mr. and Mrs Martin.  Are you Mr. 
Baudot?"

On that cue, Alex ran across the room to the door and almost 
knocked me down.  He hugged the "Martins" and they returned the
hugs and kisses.  I looked at Captain Cole.  He had a lump in his 
throat.  The officer with Jameco excused himself and went out the 
door to put Jameco in his police car.  For Cole's benefit, I 
explained the story to the "Martins.

"Well Mr. Baudot," Captain Cole said, I'll be going back to 
headquarters now.  Thanks to you all.  You have made the world a 
better place to live this past week.  I've got all the information 
I need, and I will turn him over to the F.B.I. sometime tomorrow.  
Before we can touch him, here in the state, he will have to serve 
out the federal time.  Somehow I don't think Virginia will ever 
see him.  By the way, Mr. Baudot, there is a reward for Jameco's 
capture.  I don't know the exact amount, but it's quite large.  
The F.B.I. will contact you about that.  Goodbye, now."

We shook hands all around again, and Captain Cole, his men, and 
Jameco were gone.  Chris and the "Martins" stayed for a couple of 
hours more.  We sat around, talked a while, and had a few mixed 
drinks.  Except Alex, he had a soda.  A few minutes more went by 
and Chris stood up to leave.

"It's been a trying week, Charles," Chris said.  "I do work for a
living, you know?  I left my suitcase upstairs.  I'll go get it 
and take off."

"I'll give you a hand," I said, and followed him upstairs.

When we got to his room, out of sight of the "Martins, I turned to 
Chris and Chris turned to me.  We embraced each other, and I 
kissed him on the cheek.  My eyes were blurry from the tears of 
emotion, as was Chris's.

"Thank you my friend," I said.  "Thank ever so much.  Please keep 
in touch with me, more than you ever have before.  Don't be a 
stranger."

"I won't," Chris said.  Perhaps in a month or so when things calm 
down around here and my job smooths out, I'll bring my young 
friend down to meet you and Alex."

"I'll look forward to it, Chris," I said, "Alex will too.

I grabbed Chris's suitcase and returned downstairs.  Alex and the 
"Martins" were carrying on laughing and joking.  It was a happy 
scene.  The "Martins" stood up, gathered their hats and coats, and 
headed for the door with Chris.  They said their goodbyes to Alex 
and myself  and I thanked them for their participation.  To them, 
it was another day's work.

Chris reached over, hugged Alex's shoulders and told him goodbye. 
A small tear ran down Alex's cheek.

"Don't worry, Alex," Chris said,  "I'll be back soon to visit, 
with my young friend.  Take care now."

With that, everybody had gone from my house.  There was just Alex
and me remaining.  I pulled Alex to me tightly, and kissed him.
Damn, Alex.  You're some kid.

"Alex," I said.  "Do you realize that we have not had a decent 
night's sleep for almost a week?  No time or place to stay naked?  
No baths together?  Nothing?"

"Yeah," he said.  "I missed that."

"Well what say we make up for lost time?" I said.  "Let's go 
upstairs, take a bath, and go to bed?"

Alex unbuttoned his shirt, took it off, and followed with his tee 
shirt.  He then looked at me, grabbed my hand and said,

"Let's go.  I'm ready."


                           ............
                           .CHAPTER-16.
..................................................................


I smelled butt breath and I think Alex did too.  We headed 
upstairs together and brushed our teeth, first thing.  I reached 
over to the tub to start the water.  Alex finished brushing and 
went into the bedroom.

"Alex," I said.  Do you want tub bath or shower?

"Tub," came the reply.

Thank Goodness.  I had been on the go since this morning.  A tub 
bath would be relaxing for me.  I put the stopper in the drain and 
went into the bedroom to undress.  Alex was down to his 
underpants.  He had picked out some of those colored types when we 
went shopping the other day, but it's the first time I had seen 
him in them.  They were Navy Blue with a thin white band around 
the legs and waist.  They fit Alex like a glove.  The shape of his 
cute butt was well defined, and he had a small bit of material 
caught in his crevasse, showing its' depth.  He turned around to 
watch me undress.  I noticed the front of his underpants were form 
fitting too.  In the pouch was Alex's scrotum and extended, 
slender, penis, straight as an arrow, vertical, inching it's way 
up, wanting to get out.  Alex waited for me to pull my underpants 
off, and then he pulled his off at the same time.

There we were, both Alex and I, naked together, again.  I hadn't 
been with him naked, privately, for almost a week.  There was 
always someone around.  And while Jameco was in the house, I 
didn't want to be in a vulnerable position, should anything have 
happened.  I held out my hand towards Alex.  He came to me and 
took my hand.

"Come, Alex," I said, "the water should be about right for us, 
now."

We walked, hand in hand, into the bathroom.  I brought him close 
to me and kissed him, and then we got in the tub.  I took my usual
position behind him, and began to lather his upper body, first.
I then began to lather myself.  I could see that a great burden 
had been lifted from Alex's shoulders.  He was more relaxed than I 
had ever seen him.  He leaned back against me, put his head on my 
left shoulder, and his shoulders on my chest.  He then arched his 
lower body up and allowed me to slip under him.  I maneuvered 
under him and he rested down on top of me with his hiney on my 
abdomen.  My rock hard penis laid in his crotch against his 
scrotum, and between his legs.  I placed my right hand behind 
Alex's head to support it, and turned slightly to meet his face.   
We gazed in each other's eyes, not saying a word.  My face got 
closer and closer to his, and our lips met.  Alex's tongue touched  
my lips and I opened my mouth slightly to accept it.  Our tongue's 
met in my oral cavity and I tasted Alex's sweet flavor  Alex moved 
his tongue around to explore my mouth.  I slipped my left hand 
between our bodies towards Alex's crevasse, the  fingers searching 
for the feel of his little rectum, and to place one, gently, in 
Alex's anal cavity.  My middle finger found it's mark and I 
inserted it just inside Alex's rectum.  Alex's body stiffened.  
His tongue retreated into his mouth and I followed it with mine.  
Neither of us moved.  My tongue lie still within Alex's mouth, and 
we laid there in the tub, passionately kissing, reveling in the 
love we had for one another.  Our respective erections eager to be 
touched.  Alex was the first to pull away for air.

"Let me up," he said.  "I want to do something."

Alex stood up in the tub and turned to face me.  His penis out 
like the flag pole.  I remained flat on my back looking up at him 
with my penis at attention.  Alex sat down again, facing me, 
slipped his body as close to me as possible and put his legs 
around my waist.  I accommodated him as much as possible.  There 
is not much room in the tub.  Alex reached around and pulled the 
stopper from the tub drain and let just enough water out to expose 
our abdomen's and rock hard penis's.  Then he replaced the stopper 
and grabbed the soap.  Alex lathered my hard shaft and then his 
hard shaft.  He let the soap drop into the water and placed his 
left hand around my hard penis and stroked it gently.  I reached 
for his cute, slender, four inch, hard shaft with my left hand, 
and placed it between my thumb and four fingers, gently stroking 
it in concert with the stroking of mine.

Alex and I looked at each other.  Our breathing getting heavier.  
Alex began to apply more pressure to my shaft and stroke faster.  
I stroked his shaft just as fast.  I didn't apply as much pressure 
to Alex. I didn't want to hurt such an important part of his 
future.  Our stroking was in concert, faster and faster.  Finally, 
our respective Life Force's sprayed out into the air.  I held onto 
Alex's penis, leaned back against the tub, closed my eyes and 
gasp.  I was out of breath.  Alex leaned back between the tub 
filler pipe and the corner of the tub and let out a sigh.  I 
opened my eyes to look at Alex and said,

"Have I told you lately, that I love you, Alex?"

"You don't have to, Charles," he said.  "I already know it, and 
I've loved you from the time of our first bath together.  I felt 
then, that everything was going to be alright.  I'll love you 
until I die."

Alex turned the water on and moved the control so that the shower 
head would spray us.  He washed the Life Force and soap from our 
bodies, and stood up.  I reached for the stopper and pulled it out 
of the drain.  I watch Alex stand under the water that was raining 
down on him.  His smooth, hairless naked body glistened before my 
eyes.  I stood up and embraced him, and said,

"I'll always be here for you, Alex.  No matter where you go or 
what you do,  I'll be here for you."

Alex and I dried ourselves and went into the bedroom.  After our 
bath activity, the bed was a welcome sight.  I fell on the bed, 
hard facing up.  Alex crawled on the bed and placed himself across 
it, corner to corner.  He laid his chest on mine and placed his 
head even with my right shoulder.  I hugged him with my left arm 
and kissed him.  Then I rested my hand on his butt.  He reached 
out with his left hand and cupped it around my simi-hard penis.  I 
grabbed the comforter at the end of the bed and pulled it up over 
us.

"What next, my friend?"  I said.

I got no answer to the question.  The only thing I heard was  the 
sound of relaxed breathing from this angelic, naked, child, Alex, 
lying on top of me.  Alex had fallen asleep.  Rather than disturb 
him, I left Alex in that position.  We slept just that way, the 
remainder of the evening.


                           ............
                           .CHAPTER-17.
..................................................................


I could hear Alex stirring, but I didn't pay any attention.    He 
had awakened and begun to rifle through my nightstand drawer.  I 
had nothing to hide from him, so I wasn't worried.  Soon the noise 
stopped.  Alex got back in bed with me, and I drifted back into
dreamland.  I was awakened again by Alex shaking me.

"Charles, Charles," he said.  "Wake up."

I groaned and opened my eyes to face Alex.

"Uh...good morning, buddy."  I said. "What's the problem?"

I reached over to hug him, and my hand slipped on his skin.  There 
was also the strong smell of hand lotion.

"What have you been doing, friend?" I said.

"Getting ready," Alex said.  "Look!"

Alex pulled back the comforter to reveal his hard, little, 
slender, penis with a form fitting finger cot on it.  My penis 
began to wake up and rise to the occasion.  I pulled him to me and 
kissed him.

Alex turned away and picked up the bottle of lotion he had dropped 
on the floor.  He put some in his hand and spread it over the 
front of my body.  My pubic hair was a short stubble where the 
other kids shaved me, and it made the pubic area sensitive to 
Alex's touch.  He laughed at me when I jumped.  My penis was rock 
hard by the time he got to that.  Alex spread an extra thick coat 
of lotion on my shaft.

"Now turn over." Alex said.

I complied with his request, and Alex started to rub my back with 
the lotion, taunting my anus with his fingers.  When he finished 
with the lotion, Alex straddled me, positioning his penis even 
with my lower crevasse.  He reached down to spread my butt cheeks 
apart slightly.  I felt a slight pressure on the lips of my rectum 
and my anus opened to accept its' visitor.

Alex penetrated my anus with one swift motion, and then rested his 
upper body on top of me, pinning me to the bed.  Alex began to 
raise and lower his hips in a pumping motion, pulling and pushing 
his little shaft, up and down inside my anal cavity.  Alex had 
done all of this on his own.  I did not instruct him as to 
technique.  In fact, his only words were those of directions to 
me, and I responded accordingly.

Alex stopped pumping for a minute.  He couldn't have ejaculated so 
soon.

"What's the matter, son," I said.  "Are you ok?"

"Sure.  Lift up a little, here." Alex said, patting my hip area.

I raised up slightly to comply with the request, and Alex brought 
his lotion laden hands under me to form a cradle for my lotion 
laden penis to lie in.

"Ok," he said, "you can relax now."

Alex started to pump my hiney again, while his hands were forming 
around my hard shaft.  I began to pump my penis, up and down, 
within Alex's palms, and in opposition to his thrusting.  My butt 
would go up to meet Alex's downward thrust and it would go back 
down to accommodate Alex's penis retreat.  Up, down, in, and out.  
I wanted this activity to last forever, but I knew it wouldn't.  
Alex started to breathe heavier.  I could feel his cute shaft 
pulsating within my anal cavity.  That was my body's cue to start 
releasing my Life Force into Alex's hands.  The pulsating I had 
felt, from Alex, was his Life Force releasing into the protective 
finger cot around his cute, little, slender, four inch, shaft, 
inserted in my anal cavity.  What a way to be awakened in the 
morning, huh?

Alex and I laid there in the bed, silent, not moving.  Then later, 
I detected a slight whimper.  The emotion at that moment was 
overwhelming.  Alex and I had consummated our love for one 
another.  There was no coercion, there was no violent request or 
abuse.  It was pure and simple consent.

Our respective hard shafts' had gone soft and Alex removed his 
from my anus.  He rolled off of me, and laid down beside me.  I 
turned on my left side to face him.  Alex turned to me and kissed 
me on the lips, and forced his tongue into my mouth.  I reached 
around him and pulled him tight to me.  Then Alex pulled his face 
away, and laid his head between the pillow and my shoulder.  
Through tearful eyes, he said,

"What do you think, Charles, did I do alright?"

I didn't know exactly what to say.  Alex was growing up before my 
eyes, just in the few weeks I had known him.  The kid had a lot of 
catching up to do, the part of his life that Jameco had taken away 
from him.  I could see, now, that this situation would not last 
long.  Alex and I would be together for a long, long, time.  I 
would educate him and train him.  Then, when he was ready, I would 
let him go out into the world to practice his lessons of life, and 
become an awesome individual.

"It was more than alright, Alex," I said.  "It was beautiful."


                           ............
                           .CHAPTER-18.
..................................................................


Alex and I laid together in the bed for a long, long time, 
embracing, not moving.  I knew we couldn't stay there all day, so 
I made the first move.  The bed clothes definitely needed washing, 
and both of us were slippery and perspiring.  I got up and headed 
for the shower.  Alex followed me in.

We washed each other with loving gentleness, only to be 
interrupted by passionate kisses and hugs.  The shower must have 
taken over an hour.

"Alex," I said, " I need to talk to you about your future here 
with me.  It's important."

Alex seemed to understand, and I continued.

"You being here will be new to everybody around us.  As far as 
they knew, I was the only person here.  I am sure that questions 
are going to be asked, so we must play the game.  I will have to 
start you in school soon, but I think I will wait until the 
January semester.  By then, Christmas will be over with, and we 
can settle down.  How do you feel about that, Alex?  I could 
educate you myself, but it is for our own well being that we play 
the part.  Otherwise, some nosey people will make waves and 
destroy our relationship."

"No, Charles," Alex said,  "I want to be with you always. I'll go 
to school.  Don't let them pull us apart.  Don't.


"Never, Alex," I said,  "never."  

I continued to explain about real life situations that people can 
get themselves into.  All about trouble people can make for you.  
I  told him that I would fix up the room Chris slept in, to be his 
room.

"You mean I can't sleep with you any more?" He said.

"No, no," I said.  "It's all part of the show.  You can sleep with 
me as long as you want, but suppose you have some friends from 
school over.  How would it look if you didn't have your own 
bedroom to go to, and play games, or talk boy stuff, do homework 
together, or just be a kid?  Things like that?.  Besides, you need 
privacy from time to time, away from me.  The bedroom is there for 
that, also."

I received a reassuring hug from Alex.  He knew it was the right 
thing to do, for the both of us.  As the saying goes, "Today was 
the first day, of the rest of your life.", Alex.

My cute, beautiful, hairless, petite, naked friend, Alex, and I, 
dried off, got dressed, got in the car, and headed for the boat 
dock.  We took a relaxing spin up the Chesapeake Bay, one last 
time, before bad weather sets in.  Just boy, Alex, and man, 
Charles.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                             THE END

                            "THE TRIP"

           A short story of fantasy, June 19, 1991 by:

....................>     Charles Baudot
