The Mask [01/02]

He takes her to a quiet motel room that he has rented earlier in the 
evening. First they share a little wine; a good white, just one glass. 
There are a bowl of fresh cherries on the table. They have a few 
cherries, then he dips a cherry in the wine and offers it to her. When she
accepts it he takes another cherry and come around behind her. He 
asks her to close her eyes and open her mouth. When she does this, he 
quickly places a red rubber ball gag in her mouth, securing it rapidly with a 
wide velcro band. She is taken aback by this, and before she can react he 
quickly handcuffs her hands behind her back. Then he ties her carefully to 
the chair, using lengths of soft white half-inch Dacron rope. Her calves are 
bound to two of the chair legs, and her upper body is held against the back 
of the chair.

He then removes the ball gag and replaces it with a black form-fitting
neoprene one, which fits her mouth perfectly and is much more comfortable
than the red one, though she can make even less noise through it. He tapes
her mouth closed over the gag with a length of surgical tape, about two
inches wide. He then produces a soft latex mask, like you might wear to
Halloween party, but better quality and with the face of a beautiful woman.
He fits this carefully over her face, working the edges with flesh putty so
that it blends perfectly, and no-one would know that it was not her own face.
The lips of the mask look perfectly natural and conceal the tape below
completely. 

Next he drags the chair towards the bathroom. Placed across the top and bottom
of the open doorway are a pair of light screwjacks with rubber grips, which 
are firmly set in the corners of the doorway without marking them. Each grip 
has a ring welded to it. From a bag he withdraws a set of leather wrist and 
ankle restraints, which he carefully fastens on her. He produces four small 
pulleys, which he snaps onto the rings on the screwjacks. Reaching again into 
the bag, he extracts four lengths of rope with clips at one end. He clips one 
rope to each of her ankle restraints, one to each wrist restraint, and passes 
the free ends of the rope through the four pulleys, securing them to cleats 
in the center of each screwjack. He removes the handcuffs, drawing her 
arms above her head with the ropes, then removes the remaining bonds from her 
legs and body, tensioning the ropes through the pulleys so that she is 
standing spreadeagled in the doorway.

With a pair of shears from the bag, he slowly cuts away her clothing. After a 
while she is completely naked, and he begins to kiss her neck, her breasts, 
her stomach, her thighs. Presently she becomes wet, and he produces a 4 inch 
cordless vibrator from the bag, which he slowly works between her legs. When 
it is well lubricated with her vaginal secretions, he inserts it into her 
moist asshole, finally securing it to a leather belt around her waist with
three thin chrome chains, one chain going in the crease between her buttocks,
and two in the crease at the top of each thigh. Producing a remote control
from a pocket, he says "If you're a good girl, I can do this:". He works a
button on the control, the vibrator starts to hum quietly, and she utters a
slight moan of pleasure. Then he says "If you're a bad girl, I can do this:".
He works another button, and she suddenly lunges against the ropes holding
her, a sound in her throat that would be a scream but for the gag, as
electrodes on the vibrator deliver a short electric shock to her rectum. "I'm
sure you'll be good, and I won't need to use that at all", he says. 

Leaving the vibrator on a low, pleasurable setting, he goes to a closet and 
comes back with another bag. From this he takes several items of clothing, in 
which he proceeds to dress her, freeing one or two limbs at a time as 
necessary. When he is finished she is provocatively dressed in a black latex 
hobble skirt, high latex boots with 3 inch heels, and a tight-fitting top
made of some kind of shimmery acrylic, which exposes a couple of inches of
her flat stomach. "One more thing!", he says, and freeing her arms he fits 
her with a pair of long-sleeved latex gloves, that finish above the elbow. At 
first glance they look like normal gloves, but a close inspection reveals 
that the fingers are joined together, and that the thumb is joined to the 
index finger. There is also thin steel boning inside the hands of the gloves, 
so that she is completely unable to use her hands to grasp anything, for 
example to attempt to remove the mask or gloves.

The top of the gloves above the elbow is reinforced, with small black D-rings
set in it. Taking from the bag a thin black flexible wire, he fastens her 
elbows together behind her back. The wire is long enough that her arms lie 
naturally at her sides, but she is unable to bring them in front of her body 
and is effectively prevented from attracting attention to herself, or rather 
any attention other than that which a sexily dressed beautiful woman would 
normally attract.


-- 
The Mask [02/02]


"Would you like a drink of water?", he asks. She nods her head in assent, 
thinking he would have to remove the gag, but he gets a hollow needle with a 
tube attached, rather like an adaptor for inflating footballs, and works it 
through a rubber valve set in the mask. He puts the tube in a glass of water, 
so she is able to drink like using a straw.

"Now we're going for a little walk.", he says. Unfastening her feet, he leads 
her out of the motel. He takes her by the hand and they stroll downtown. 
Several heads turn to look at her as she struts along in the boots, and some 
men whistle. She finds this mildly exciting, and wonders where they are 
going. Presently she notices one or two hookers on the street corners, and 
notices that the traffic is very slow, with cars stopping occasionally. She 
thinks how sexy some of the hookers look as they try to attract customers, 
then realises that she herself is dressed in much the same style as they are.

"This should do.", he says, as they reach an unoccupied corner. "I want you 
to earns some money. And remember, I still have the remote.". With that, he 
turns and strolls a short distance away, pretending to window-shop in a 
nearby store. She doesn't really believe hat she hears. 'I can just walk 
away', she thinks, walking off up the street. The hobble skirt, high heels 
and wire between her elbows make it impossible for her to go much faster than 
a walk. Suddenly there is an agonizing stab of electricity in her ass. She 
stumbles, and seemingly appearing from nowhere he catches her with an arm 
around her waist. "That was level 3," he says, "the maximum is 10. Now, go 
back to the corner and strut your stuff. If you haven't got anybody in ten 
minutes, I'll have to give you a little jolt to improve your performance."

Shaking, she goes back to the corner and stands there for a while. 
Several men look at her, but none stop. A sharp jolt in her ass, not so 
painful as before, reminds her that he is still watching. Looking at the 
hookers on the other corner, she realises that they are not standing idly, 
but are moving around, showing off their bodies. She tries to copy some of 
their actions, walking back and forth a little way, rolling her hips and 
shoulders. After a few minutes a pickup stops with two men in it. One leans 
out; "Nice!", he says, "how much?". 

Her captor appears beside her. "She can't speak, so I negotiate for her. A 
hundred each." he says. "Fine. Your place?" "We've got a room a couple of 
blocks over." "OK; we'll walk." They park the truck, then all four walk back 
together.

A mixture of emotions flow through her; pleasure at the thought that the two 
men find her attractive enough to pay for her, anger at her captor for getting 
her into this, and a certain anticipation. She finds both the men fairly 
attractive, and the thought of having sex with them is turning her on.
She realizes that without the mask they wouldn't look twice at her. She would 
not be called ugly, but her own features would be described as homely at 
best. No one flaw in her appearance stood out, but nevertheless her face was 
not one to write home about.

When they reached the motel room, her captor released her arms from the wire 
restraint. One of the men led her to the bedroom. SHe pressed herself against 
him, feeling his growing erection through his clothes. He undid her skirt, 
murmuring in surprise as he felt the chains securing the vibrator. He smelled 
the scent rising from her; "God you're hot!", he exclaimed. Rapidly removing 
his own clothes, he pushed her down on the bed, entering her straight away. 
She was so excited and wet that his penis slid easily into her. She clasped 
his buttocks as hard as she could with the gloves, pulling him deeper. He 
thrust rapidly a few times, then suddenly came, spurting  into her, saying
"Christ. The other girls need at least five minutes to get me going." 

After kissing her on the shoulders several times, he left and the second man 
came in. She hoped that he would stay longer than the first, who had aroused 
her but left her feeling unsatisfied. She saw that the second man had brought 
the remote control. He ordered her to kneel on the floor, which she did. He 
worked the remote and the vibrator in her ass started humming faster and 
faster, making her even more excited. He removed his pants and came up behind 
her, entering her slowly. She squeezed gently with the muscles of her vagina,
and he started to thrust rhythmically, one hand cupping her breasts from 
underneath. Presently he moved his hand lower on her body, stroking her pubic 
hair and finally locating her clitoris with his finger and gently rubbing it. 
They were both breathing faster and faster, and she could feel the orgasm 
building in her under his fingers. She shuddered with the climax of it, and 
moaned softly through the gag. Again she felt an orgasm coming, and this time 
she could sense that he was close to orgasm too. Suddenly he thrust deeply 
against her as her climax came, and cried out with a wordless sound of 
satisfaction. He continued to pump for a little while longer, then withdrew 
and went into the bathroom without a word.

She remained kneeling on the floor for a little while, breathing deeply after 
her exertion, then got up and sat on the bed. Presently her captor came in. 
"You were great. Look, we've got a bonus", he said, holding up three hundred 
dollars. "Would you like something to eat?". She nodded her head yes. He went 
out and returned with the rubber tube arrangement, this time with a glass 
containing some sort of milkshake. He fitted the needle through the valve in 
the gag, and she realised that the shake was one of the complete meals that 
are sometimes sold in health food shops. As she drank the shake, she wondered 
how long he would keep her in the mask. Thinking about the events of the 
evening, feeling sexually satisfied for the first time in years, and how men 
that would usually ignore her now couldn't take their eyes off her, she hoped 
that she would keep it on for a long time.
