The Bride
by
S. B. Douglass

1989

This work may be redistributed freely
over USENET and connected networks.

Sarah looked at herself in her bedroom mirror. She was proud of the way 
she looked in her wedding dress.  The glossy white satin clung to her 
slim figure, emphasizing the curves of her breasts and hips.  The floor-
length dress was sleeveless and backless, comfortable for the hot August 
weather, but still modest. It was a modern dress, with no lace or bows, 
and with straight lines and only a slightly flared skirt.

She'd made the backless satin dress herself, and although she liked the 
dress, she was nervous about what to wear under it. It was too hot out 
for pantyhose, although she knew that was what her mother would wear 
under the circumstances, and she'd just taken off a pair of panties when 
she discovered that their outlines had shown clearly through the clinging 
white satin. As she debated what to put on under the dress, there was a 
knock on the bedroom door.

"Can I come in?" her mother's voice asked.

"Sure," she said, wishing her mother had waited until she resolved her 
problem.

"You look beautiful," her mother said, "but your hair needs brushing."

Her mother picked up a brush set to work. Sarah was nervous; her mother 
was assuming she was dressed, but she knew that she wasn't.  She hoped 
that her mother wouldn't notice that she didn't have anything on under 
her dress, and she wished her mother would leave, even briefly, so she 
could slip on a pair of panties.

"You know," her mother said as she worked at a small tangle. "I didn't 
like your idea for a wedding dress when you first told me about it, but 
it's really nice. I guess my idea of a wedding dress was bows and lace, 
but you look really good in a simple dress!"

Sarah smiled at her mother's complement.  "Do you think David will like 
it?"

"I'm sure he will," she said, and then launched into a motherly lecture 
on marriage.  Sarah listened quietly while her mother worked the last 
small imperfections out of her hair.  She didn't pay much attention to 
her mother's words, but the tone was very relaxing, and as her mother 
brushed and talked, all of Sarah's anxiety slipped from her mind.

"Oh my!" her mother said, looking at her watch. "We've got to be going.  
Your hair looks good, step into your shoes and come on!"

Sarah slipped her bare feet into her white heels while her mother called 
to her father and brother. "Get the car going! Hurry up everyone or we 
won't get there on time!"

Only after Sarah was halfway down the stairs did she remember that she 
still didn't have anything on under her dress.  It was hot out, and her 
dress was comfortable against the bare skin of her legs and fanny so she 
decided to forget about underwear. As she walked through afternoon heat 
to the car, she had second thoughts.  What if she got sweaty and the 
dress stuck to her bottom; wouldn't that look indecent?

Her troublesome thoughts subsided as the car air-conditioner took hold, 
but they intensified as she walked through the August sun to the church.  
The shade inside the church was welcome, but it was still warm.  In her 
youth, Sarah remembered that the church had been air conditioned, but it 
was too expensive to cool, and sometime before her teens, they'd stopped 
air-conditioning the place.

Sarah's mind started to wander as her mother helped her put on her veil 
and long satin gloves.  She wondered about the upcoming evening, and as 
she thought, she realized that she might turn her lack of underwear into 
something fun for David.  Just thinking about the idea sent a tingle of 
pleasure through her, but as the organ began to play, all such thoughts 
were swept from her mind.

"Go!" her mother whispered at the right moment. "And don't slouch!"

The advice reminded Sarah of all the times that her mother had corrected 
her posture in the past, but this time, she didn't need reminding.  She 
knew that if she slouched, the top of her dress would fall.  It was easy 
for Sarah to stand tall as she walked into the church.  She was proud to 
be there, she was excited to see David standing by the altar, and at the 
moment, she didn't care who was looking at her.

David was beautiful in his blue three piece suit, but Sarah saw that he 
was sweating uncomfortably as she approached the altar.  To Sarah, the 
service seemed to go quickly, with the minister's words washing over her 
as she stood looking at David. She found herself saying her vows before 
she expected it, and after one wonderful kiss, her mind started drifting 
to the coming evening as the minister gave his homily.

The reception line was torture, an infinite series of limp handshakes by 
relatives she barely knew.  She wanted to look at David, to hold him, to 
kiss him, but instead she had to deal with aunts and uncles who's names 
she'd forgotten.  She was glad to be wearing satin gloves, if only to 
protect her from the long series of sweaty palms.  Sarah wished that 
someone would find something new to say, but everyone seemed to tell her 
that she was a beautiful bride in exactly the same way.

By the time they cut the cake, Sarah realized that her earlier fear that 
her dress would cling to her was coming true, but she noticed that most 
of the women there were having similar problems.  She also noticed that 
the men seemed to be having worse problems in their suits and ties; many 
had taken their coats off and loosened their ties.  As the groom, David 
didn't have that option, and he looked hot.

As she posed with David for one last picture, Sarah felt the wonderful 
warmth of his touch and longed to be away with him. She was starting to 
become acutely self-conscious about her lack of underwear; whenever she 
saw someone looking at her, she found herself wondering if they knew.  
Rationally, she knew her fears were childish, but she couldn't suppress 
them.

When the time came to leave, Sarah was glad to run with David through a 
shower of rice. His car was just ahead, decorated with "just married"  
signs and garlands of crepe paper, but David surprised her by pulling at 
her hand to guide her past the car and across the street.

"Where are we going?" she panted as they jogged. "I can't run very far in 
this dress and these shoes!"

"Here," David said, opening the door of a battered looking small car.

"This isn't your car!"

David laughed as he got in and started the engine.  "I got it for a few 
hundred bucks two weeks ago so we could get away without a parade. Hope 
you don't mind disappointing my brother."

Sarah laughed as she took off her veil.  She knew that David's brother 
was the type who would organize a horn-honking chase as they drove away 
from the church through town.  She and David had talked about it, and 
they both agreed that they didn't want to lead such a parade.

She looked back when she heard other cars start, but they had a head 
start and David seemed to have his escape route planned.  They turned 
down an alley to get out of sight of anyone on the side street they'd 
been parked on, then onto another side street a block away.

As David stopped to wait for an opening in the busy traffic of the next 
street, she helped him off with his suit coat. They had time for a kiss 
before a break in traffic allowed them to head for the edge of town, and 
while David drove, she helped him undo his tie and get his vest off.

Sarah looked over her shoulder as they drove, but their young relatives 
never did find them. "where are we going?" Sarah asked as they reached 
the city limits.

Dav turned to smile at her briefly.  "How do you feel about a honeymoon 
in a secluded farm house?"

"Is it nice?" she asked, feeling a comfortable sensation wash over her in 
response to his glance. He looked comfortable with his shirt open at the 
neck, and his smile made it clear that he was as happy to be alone with 
her as she was.

"It's on Uncle Bob's place.  He got it from his neighbor's estate; the 
heirs were all far away and glad to unload the whole farm, farmhouse and 
all, in one deal.  The place is furnished, I've stocked the fridge, and 
Aunt Jenny and I cleaned it up last week."

"All my luggage was in the other car," she said, thinking of how little 
she had on. "I hope you've taken that into account in your planning."

He glanced at her again. "Your mom told me your sizes, and I picked up a 
few things. Do you mind?"

"No, it sounds fun," Sarah said. She wasn't really ready to trust David 
to buy her clothes, but she imagined that she might find out a bit about 
him from what he bought.  Sarah watched the midwestern farmland roll by 
outside the window and let her dreams overtake her as they drove onward.  
The car wasn't air-conditioned, but the breeze through the open windows 
was enough to keep her comfortable.  She reached over and held David's 
hand while he drove, and as she held him, she thought about the evening 
ahead.

She also thought about the homework she'd done over the past month.  Her 
doctor had given her interesting advice when she told him she was feeling 
a bit nervous about sex.  She'd come away from that meeting with a 
reading list and a handfull of disposable syringe cases. The cases were 
plastic and vaguely phallic in shape, and her doctor had asked a nurse to 
tell her how to use them.

At first, Sarah hadn't been very comfortable with the nurse's suggestion 
that she lubricate the syringe cases and, working up from the smallest, 
use them to stretch her vaginal opening.  The nurse had even suggested 
that she try doing this while masturbating.  Over the last month, Sarah 
had spent many evenings in bed wearing ever-larger syringe cases in her 
crotch while she read the books the doctor had suggested; there were a 
few evenings where she'd even ended up mastrubating, usually after she'd 
read something she found particularly exciting.  Now, as she rode with 
David, she felt that she was reasonably well prepared.

"Here we are!" David said after thirty or so miles of driving; the last 
ten miles had been over secondary roads, and the final two miles were 
unpaved.  He pulled into a driveway that opened between two cornfields, 
then drove up a small hill.

At the top was a classic midwestern Victorian farmhouse with a big porch 
and a tower with a weather vane on top.  The house was shaded by a pine 
grove and surrounded by a lawn that looked like it hadn't been mowed in a 
year or more, but it was beautiful. The barns and outbuildings of the 
farmstead were at the base of the hill; as a result, they complemented 
the view of the the surrounding cornfields instead of blocking it.

"I love it!" Sarah said as she stood by the car and took in the view.

"Let me take you inside," David said, kissing Sarah as he lifted her.

She cuddled against him with her arms around his neck as he carried her.  
The feel of one strong arm under her knees and the other across her bare 
back was exciting, and she could smell the pleasant aroma of his sweat as 
he carried her up the steps and through the open front door.

He kissed her as he set her down, and she responded enthusiastically. A 
comfortable warm feeling swept over her as they kissed, and when he let 
go, she felt disappointed.  "I never got to tell you how beautiful you 
look in that dress," David said.

She smiled and posed briefly for him, then noticed that all the windows 
were open. "Do you always leave the house open like this?"

"I opened it up last night to air out. There's no air-conditioning, but 
with the pines and the windows open, it's pretty nice.  Want to have an 
early supper or look around the place first?"

"I need some exercise to work off that wedding cake," Sarah said.  "Show 
me the house!  You really left it open all night without anyone home to 
close the windows if it rained? What about burglars?"

He chuckled. "I admit I checked the weather report first.  As to locks, 
though, this house hasn't been locked since my uncle got it; I don't see 
why I should lock it now.  Follow me!"

He led her on a tour.  The place was furnished largely as it had been 
when it's previous owners died.  It reminded Sarah of some of her own 
elderly relatives' homes.  David took her up the spiral stairs to the 
tower to look at the view.  The spiral stairs opened in a corner of the 
octagonal room at the top, and there was a big windows on each wall.  It 
looked to Sarah as if there was more window than wall around the room; 
with the windows open, she felt like she was outside.

They stood hand in hand looking out over the pine trees to the distant 
rolling horizon.  Sarah had grown up in the suburbs, and the emptyness of 
the view was new.  As she looked out over the fields through the haze of 
an August afternoon, she realized that nobody was out there to see her; 
she was exposed to the world, but she had as much privacy as in her own 
bedroom.

With that thought, she realized that this was the perfect time for her to 
reveal how little she was wearing. She stepped back so she could see 
David, and she saw that he was looking intently at her.  She felt a warm 
tingle of excitement run through her as she unzipped the short zipper at 
the back of her dress. She shrugged her shoulders so the straps holding 
the front of the dress fell free, then stood straight as the dress slid 
slowly to her ankles.

David's eyes grew round as she stood there in her long white gloves and 
heels.  She stretched as the thin layer of sweat evaporated from her body 
in the dry August breeze, then slowly walked up to David and hugged him.

He backed away when she let go. "You wore that little to our wedding?"

She chuckled. "I'll tell you how it happened later.  Right now, I feel 
like consumating our marriage. Are you ready?"

He looked at her, and as he did she felt a comfortable tingle in her 
abdomen.  "OK," he said, sounding nervous.  "Let me show you the master 
bedroom."

She left her shoes by the dress, then followed him downstairs wearing 
only her long white gloves.

"Here's a surprise for you,"  David said as they walked into the bedroom.  
"The old man had a problem with bedsores in his later years, so they got 
him a waterbed.  The sheets are new, though, and I washed down the 
matress."

He pulled back the bedspread to reveal white satin sheets.  Sarah sat on 
the leather seat along the edge of the bed and looked at David. He was 
looking uncertainly at her, and after an awkward pause, Sarah broke the 
silence. "Is something wrong?"

David blushed. "I guess I'm nervous about all this."

He looked so serious that Sarah almost felt like laughing, but she knew 
that would be wrong.  "Don't be silly, we've both seen each other naked 
before."

"But we always had limits," he said. "I'm not sure what the limits are 
now."

"Don't be shy," she whispered. "I'm all yours, and you're welcome to do 
anything, touch anything, kiss anything. Come sit with me."

He sat beside her and she kissed him, then began to unbutton his shirt.  
Her hands shook as she worked, and she could see his hands shake as he 
undid his pants.  Sarah had seen David's erect penis before, so she was 
prepared for it when it was freed from his pants, but at the same time, 
she felt an echo of his nervousness.

David and Sarah kissed as they sat naked on the edge of the bed.  His 
hands moved gently from Sarah's buttocks to her shoulders while she felt 
the wonderful expanse of his back. When she touched his erect penis, it 
sent a shiver of anticipation through her. It wasn't the first time she 
felt it, but the tingle of her reaction was more intense than before.

Sarah rolled back onto the bed as David kissed her, and as they kissed, 
she felt his penis pressing between her thighs. She was a bit scared of 
it, but it also excited her.  She thrust her tongue into Davids mouth as 
they kissed, and he responded in kind.  As she grew more excited, she no 
longer wanted to kiss deeply, she wanted to kiss him everywhere.  She 
nibbled on his earlobe and kissed his neck, then worked her way down his 
chest to kiss his nipples.

David had once said that his nipples didn't seem as sensitive as hers, 
but she didn't believe him.  She could feel his broad chest tremble as 
she sucked on him, and when she kissed his stomach and groin, the tremor 
continued.

Sarah rolled over and let David kiss her.  The comfortable feeling she'd 
felt in her gut expanded as he kissed his way down her neck, and it grew 
into an ache of anticipation as he kissed her breasts.  She gently held 
his head as he kissed her, and as he kissed his way down her belly, she 
found herself pushing his head towards her groin.

He kissed her briefly above her pubic hair, then on the inside of the top 
of each thigh. The warm tingle in her abdomen was intense, and she found 
herself spreading her thighs and thrusting herself at his face.  He 
kissed his way back up along her body and hugged her again, his penis 
pressing tightly between her legs.

"I want you!" she moaned, frustrated that he'd stopped.

"I'm not sure what to do next," he whispered, sounding embarrassed.

"You haven't done your homework!" Sarah whispered.

"What homework?"

"Studying about sex, silly," Sarah said, kissing him.  She wasn't happy 
to discover that he hadn't taken the time to study the subject, but some 
of the books she'd read suggested that she shouldn't expect much more.  
Sarah thought briefly about what she'd read in the most helpful of the 
books she'd studied, Our Bodies -- Our Selves.

"Roll on your back," Sarah said. "I know something we can try."

She knelt over his hips and kissed him, feeling his erect penis lightly 
brushing her fanny as she kissed, then she sat up and held his penis in 
her hands while she pressed it between the lips of her vagina.  She was 
nervous, but it felt good.  His penis was getting wet, so she pushed it 
back and suddenly it slipped in, surprising her.

She gently and slowly sat down on Davids hips, feeling the oddly painful 
but pleasant sensation of his penis inside her.  He was lying on the bed 
with an intense look she didn't really understand, but his hands reached 
up and gently touched her breasts, and ever so slowly, she relaxed and 
began to experiment with rocking her hips.

Each time her pubic bone pressed against his, she felt a wave of comfort 
wash through her body, and her excitement heightened as she bent forward 
so David could carress her body more fully.  She hugged him between her 
knees as he started pumping his hips against her, and with each thrust of 
his hips, she felt a wave of pleasure wash through her body.  It felt 
even better as she leaned forward so his pubic bone met her clitoris.

She felt the explosion of his climax within her body as she pumped her 
hips up and down, and then her own climax washed over her. She lost all 
sense of time, not knowing if it lasted for a moment or forever.  When it 
ended, she relaxed over him, reveling in the comfortable afterglow of her 
climax, her body still engulfing his penis as she hugged him.

They rested that way for a long time, holding each other.  Sarah could 
feel Davids flacid penis slowly slipping out of her, but when she sat up 
again, it slid back in.  She smiled down at him as she nestled herself 
comfortably over his hips and rested her hands on his smooth belly.

"Virgin no more!" she whispered happily.
