                            THE DEBT  
  
     I was upstairs in the attic when my uncle and his four friends
came to visit.  My stepmother, Karin, was in the backyard, tanning.
I was watching her through binoculars from my hideout, watching the
sweat trickle down the freckled valley between her breasts as she
rubbed tanning oil on her thighs, fingers quietly slipping under
her suit to rub her pussy.  I was startled when my Uncle Bill  
called to her from the back porch.  I quickly moved back from the
dusty window, although I knew my stepmother thought I was at t he
movies.  
     When I looked back out the window, Uncle Bill was going out
to talk to Karin.  I could see that see was as startled as I was.
Her nipples hardened under the taut fabric of her swimsuit as she
sat up and reached for her robe.  Bill friends stayed on the porch,
silent but for their leers.  Bill seemed to sway as he walked, as
though he were drunk.  
     "I've come for my money, Karin," he said as he stood over her,
"You're past due and I've come to collect, one way or another." 
     "Bill, you know that I haven't got five hundred dollars in the
house, or anywhere else for that matter." she stammered.  She  
pulled the skimpy cotton robe around her, the thin material only
accentuating her curves as she tightly clutched it.  "Bill, honey,
you know that I'm getting an advance from my publisher next month. 
Can't you wait..."  
     "I've waited for this 'advance' for five months.  How stupid
do you think I am?  Maybe I should just ask Hank for the money, or
did you neglect to tell your husband that you borrowed money from
his lowlife brother.  It's time to pay your debt, bitch."  
     Karin moved to rise, but Bill pushed back down on the chaise.
Hank was my father, an executive whose business trips often left
my stepmother alone and bored.  During one of these trips, Karin 
went to Las Vegas with some of her girlfriends where she managed
to lose quite a bit of money.  I think she would have told Dad  
about this were it not for several embarrassing details.  I found
some photos her girlfriend, Jan, took that weekend.  I was
surprised that Karin kept them, but I sure she thought they were
safely hidden.  I had long ago found her secret places when I was
an inquisitive teenager.  I was 17 when my father married Karin.
In the three years that separated these incidents I had discovered
a number of interesting facts about my stepmother.  
     In the box where she kept an antique ivory dildo were photos
of Karin "entertaining" two young men.  She smiled at the camera
as a hand snaked up her skirt and another fumbled at the buttons
of her blouse.  In another, she was in her panties, cupping her 
abundant breasts as champagne was poured over them.  In yet  
another, she sat naked on a couch, flanked by her two studs, legs
spread.  She was balancing a set of "groucho nose & moustache"  
glasses on her pussy and they were all laughing.  No photos showed
her engaged in sex, but these were damning enough.  
     "Bill, please don't call Hank. We can make a deal.  We can 
talk this over."  Karin struggled to regain her composure as she
searched Bill's face for the response she knew would come.  
     "How much is your time worth, Karin?  How much does yourpublisher pay you for that shit you call criticism?"  Karin was an
occasional contributor to an obscure national magazine.  She made
quite a show of going to galleries and hosting art parties at our
house.  
     "What does that have to do with anything, Bill?"  snapped  
Karin, though she already knew the answer.  
     "Let's see...," Bill mumbled, pretending to mentally  
calculate, "five hundred dollars...Five hundred dollars should be
about five hours.  I want five hours of your time, Karin."  Bill's
friends smirked and leered to one another during the exchange.  
Bill saw this and theatrically winked to them.  
     Karin suddenly became visibly uncomfortable and shifted in the
lounge chair. "What do you mean, Bill? Cut the crap and get to the
damn point!"  
     "This is the point, you slut.  You will be mine for five  
hours, to do with as I please. Mistress, slave.. call it what you
want, but you will do whatever I ask, willingly and without  
question.  Who knows, maybe you'll enjoy it. I know I will."  
     "What if I say 'No'? What then, Bill?" asked Karin in a final
defiant gesture.  
     "Then I call Hank and ask for my money.  I might also mention
the rumors I heard about that weekend.  Anyway, the choice is  
yours. I'm going inside to get a beer.  If you still dressed when
I get back, then I guess that means you declined my easy payment
plan.  I would then have to look for my money elsewhere." He turned
to face the house.  
     "Wait a second, Bill.  What about your friends and what if 
Charlie comes home?" she blurted as she grabbed his wrist.  
     "If you agree, you're ass is mine.  If my friends want a piece
of it, well, then there is enough to go around.  As for Charlie,
maybe he should know what I've known all along, that his stepmother
is a whore." Bill looked down at Karin and, as if to emphasize his
point, slipped his hand under her robe and uncupped a breast.  As
he looked into her eyes he rolled a nipple to prominent erection.
"It's all or nothing, babe." he said as he turned and left my
stepmother.  
     I smiled at the reference to me.  I was a second year college
student home for summer break.  My father had been gone for five
weeks and wasn't due home for another three or four.  I watched 
Karin become hornier and more frustrated as time passed.  At night,
I could hear the ragged breathing that preceded her muffled cries
of orgasm when she masturbated.  I would look for her dildo the
next morning in the secret place.  The smell of her pussy and
perfume clung to the aged ivory phallus, its velvet bed still moist
from the previous evening.  I watched Karin as Bill twisted her
nipple. Her back stiffened, her breath caught and her legs parted
ever so slightly. As he left, her eyes were fixed on his ass as she
pushed the breast back into its cup.  
     When Bill reached the porch he invited his friends to sit as
he fetched some beer.  Bill was an anomaly in his family, a man who
shed his upbringing and apparently sought refuge in the lower  
classes.  He existed on the margins, moving from one failed venture
to another, never approaching his brother's success.  His friends
gathered the patio furniture in a semi-circle facing Karin and satas if the curtain were about to raise.  
     Karin stared at them from her seat, daring them 
to look at her.  I could not tell if she was flushed from  
excitement or humiliation, but she draped her feet on either side
of the lounge.  The robe was pulled open by her spread legs,  
exposing her crotch to the admiring crowd.  The mound of her pussy
was clearly visible under the tight blue and gold bikini bottom. 
As her fingers traced a path up her belly to unknot her robe, she
smiled up towards the attic. I was rubbing my cock through my jeans
in near delirium by this point.  
     Bill rejoined his friends, laden with booze bottles.  He took
the center seat, bordered by his disreputable associates, and
surveyed Karin, her robe now completely open. "What's it 
going to be, Karin?" he lilted, nudging his friends as they
snickered.  
     Karin stood, shedding her robe, and said, "You have five  
hours, Bill.  Use them well because they well be the last you ever
spend in this house. What do you want me to do?" 
     Karin was an auburn haired beauty in her mid 30's, shapely in
a way that reflected her constant efforts at the spa.  Freckles
smattered her high cheekbones and disappeared down the deep
crevasse between her large breasts.  Her body shone with tanning
oil mingled with sweat, a single large drop catching light as it
slid down her flat belly.  
     "I want you to strip, then sit in the lounge facing me. Strip
slowly, bitch, because I plan to enjoy every minute of my time."
Bill settled in his chair as he were a sultan and began to unbutton
his shirt.  
     In a fluid motion Karin undid her bikini top and tossed aside
the blue and gold scrap that had fettered her breasts. They swung
slightly under the release from pressure. Her nipples were large
and rosy, encompassed by snowy triangles of untanned flesh. She
returned Bill's  stare without blinking.  She licked her forefinger
and rolled a large nipple between her moistened finger and thumb.
She bent over to remove her bikini bottom, breasts wobbling in
harmony with her movements as she stepped out of the swim suit. 
Her pussy had been radically trimmed, with only a single strip of
hair remaining on the mons veneris.  Her labia were exposed as she 
stood and discarded the now useless apparel.  She posed proudly in 
the summer sun, the only sound coming from the bees as the hovered
among the flowers. Karin straddled the lounge and sat. This posture
caused here pussy to gape, exposing the coral and purple inner  
lips.  "Now what, stud?" she asked with a hint of mockery.  
     Bill sat in stunned silence for a moment.  "Rub your pussy,
slut.  I want to watch you jerk off.  That will probably be the 
only foreplay you get, Karin, so you better get that pussy wet." 
The men leaned forward as if to reduce the fifteen feet between 
them.  "I want you to open your pussy, get your fingers good and
wet and then rub your titties till they are dripping with pussy 
juice. I want you to rub your asshole and get it ready, because I
might want to use it.  I'll give you fifteen minutes to cum, or I
will spank your ass."  
     Karin slowly moved both hands down her stomach until her  
shaved pussy was framed by long red nails.  She looked at Bill  
through half lidded eyes and leisurely slid her forefinger into her
cunt.  She drew a deep breath as she buried the finger to the third
knuckle and withdrew it, glistening with moisture.  While one hand
spread her labia, she drew a fingernail across her growing  
clitoris. A shudder ran through her body that caused her tits to
jiggle.  
     The, suddenly, Part One of this story came to an abrupt end.
Leave me a message if you want the rest.  I will publish it if I
get enough mail. 