                               The Group
                               =========


One day, John walked up to Chris, and said, "I know that you are gay,
would you like to join a group?"

Chris said he would, so John told him to come over to Andrew's house at
9:00.  Chris went through the rest of the day in a dream.  His fantasy
of having sex with John and some other sexy people was going to come
true.  He simply couldn't wait for that evening.

Chris drove over to Andrew's house at 8:30 and rang the doorbell.
Andrew answered the door, and told Chris to come in.  He lead Chris to
the bedroom, and Chris saw that John and Nick were there.

The three of them crowded around Chris, and petted his body, saying how
glad they were that he could come.  They told Chris that this was the
initiation night and that he would have to do whatever they wanted him
to.  Since Chris trusted all three, he was glad to agree to this.

Nick lifted Chris's shirt up and off and rubbed his chest.  Meanwhile,
John unbuttoned Chris's pants, and slid them to the floor.  Andrew stood
back and watched.  Soon, Chris stood totally naked before them, his
penis sticking straight ahead.  John said that he liked Chris's body.

John, Nick, and Andrew together rubbed the oil all over Chris's body,
from neck to ankles.  Chris enjoyed the feeling of all their hands
stroking the oil onto his body.  Soon Chris's body glistened in the
light.

Andrew opened up his pants, stuck out his penis, and sat down on a soft
chair.  John and Nick guided Chris towards Andrew's penis.  Chris began
to suck on the penis, toying it in his mouth, rubbing his lips up and
down the warm sensitive skin while his hands massaged the soft fluffy
hair surrounding the penis.  John stood behind Chris and pressed his
body against Chris's, using his hands to rub Andrew's firm leg muscles.
Nick stood behind the chair, lifted off Andrew's shirt, and rubbed
Andrew's back and chest.

Chris used his hands to caress and stroke the area around Andrew's
penis.  Chris could feel John behind him, and felt excited even though
John was still clothed.  Soon the three young men working together to
arouse Andrew succeeded and Chris felt a surge of sticky fluid enter his
mouth.  Chris savored the texture of the semen from Andrew's athletic
body.

It was Nick's turn next, so Chris lifted off Nick's shirt to reveal his
deeply tanned sinewy body.  Chris watched as John carefully unbuttoned
Nick's pants and pulled them down Nick's legs.  Chris grasped Nick's
upper body and helped lower him into the chair.  Chris gave Nick a deep
french before he came around to suck Nick's penis.  Chris pressed his
naked body against Nick's bare legs and rubbed his penis against Nick's
curved muscles.  Andrew lay on the bed recovering from his ejaculation,
and John stood behind Nick, feeling Nick's torso and caressing his face.

Chris inserted Nick's penis into his mouth and began to manipulate it
within his mouth.  Chris's tongue explored the place where the skin was
loose from circumcision, and he nibbled the sensitive tip of Nick's
penis.  Chris glanced up at the alluring view of Nick's firm body
developed from so much running, and to watch John, even more handsome,
cuddling Nick's body.  Chris felt growing excitement as his hands
explored up and down Nick's masculine legs, and felt the side of Nick's
firm behind.  Chris felt N ick place his hands on Chris's shoulders and
help Chris rhythmically stimulate Nick's penis.

John bent around to Nick's face and they pressed their mouths together
and Chris saw their tongues lingering when they stopped to take a
breath.  While Chris continued to stimulate Nick's penis, he imagined
himself sharing in that kiss.  Chris felt Nick's penis expel into his
mouth.  Chris could feel Nick's body relaxing as he enjoyed the tasty
sperm in his mouth.  Chris took some of the semen from his mouth and
rubbed it against Nick's vulnerable chest, feeling the smooth curves of
the pectorals.

Nick moved over to the bed to rest up, and Andrew came back to join
Chris and John.  Chris pressed his lips to John's, and began to unbutton
John's shirt.  He enjoyed the moist feeling of the inside of John's
mouth, and felt John's supple chest revealed to the air.  Their embrace
became closer and tighter, so Chris could feel John's body pressing
against his.  Chris slid the shirt off John's shoulders, and down his
arms.  Chris felt John's large shapely biceps filled with youthful
power.

Then, Chris reached his hands down in front of his naked body, and began
to unbutton John's pants.  Chris continued to enjoy sharing Nick's semen
with John.  Chris opened up John's pants and pressed his penis roughly
against the bulge beneath John's underwear.  Andrew came up behind John
and began to stroke both John and Chris.  After pushing John's pants
down to knee-level, Chris reached his hands behind John's back, and
stuck them between John's underwear and bare flesh.  He slid his hands
around John's butt and slowly eased the elastic down off of John's
virile body.  Chris felt Andrew's hands move down, and feel their
genitals.

They broke apart, and John sat down on the chair.  Chris knelt before
John, and began to suck at John's penis.  Andrew stood behind John and
pressed his body against John's.  Chris could see Andrew rubbing his
penis against John's bare back, while Andrew's hands felt John's broad
chest covered with glistening oil from Chris's body.

Chris worked even harder licking, nibbling, and fingering John's penis
than he had with the other two.  Chris lovingly wrapped his arms around
John's perfect leg muscles formed from swimming and cross-country.
Soon, Chris felt movement up John's penis, and his mouth filled with
semen.

John relaxed on the chair, and Andrew drew Chris up and kissed him,
sharing the semen from John's body.  Nick got up from the bed, to relax
next to John, so Andrew and Chris could roll onto the bed.  Once the
semen was gone, Andrew pushed Chris down, and had Chris suck on his
nipples.  Chris enjoyed the feeling of inferiority to Andrew, resting
his head in Andrew's wide chest, sucking away at Andrew's nipple.  Then
Andrew pushed Chris down further, to get more stimulation of his penis.
Chris enjoyed licking and sucking Andrew's penis from between Andrew's
powerful legs, until Andrew had his second ejaculation.

After a short break, Andrew got up to watch with John.  Nick came over
to the bed, then laid back and relaxed, as he had Chris lick his whole
body from chest to genitals to legs.  After Chris had finished, Nick
laid Chris on his chest and began to butt fuck him.  Chris felt Nick's
stiff penis penetrate his body, and enjoyed the feeling of Nick's in and
out motion.  Nick continued this until he ejaculated and semen spurted
all the way up Chris's back.

John took a different approach.  He put more oil on Chris, and then laid
next to Chris and they embraced.  John circled his arms around Chris and
Chris put his arms around John, and they pressed their chests firmly
together.  The lubrication on Chris's body made them slide around
together and their penises rubbed against each other.  Slowly, their
lips met, and they began a long intimate kiss.  Chris loved the
stimulation of John's chest, tongue, penis, and legs all together.
Finally, they ejaculated together in each other's arms, and laid back
side by side.

After Chris and John had recovered, they all went to have a shower
together.  The warm water rushed around their moist bodies and they kept
kissing each other, and feeling each other's muscular bodies.  Chris was
now part of their group.

After the shower, they watched each other's muscles bulging as they
towelled each other off.  They then all put on gym shorts and worked out
in a weight room together for a couple hours.  Chris strained against a
barbell trying to lift it above his head, and John enjoyed watching the
sweat pour down Chris's face.  Chris sat between John's legs while John
did a bench press, and watched his strong chest tighten.

After the stimulating workout, they ate dinner together, wearing no
clothes.  None of them really tasted the food, since they were looking
at each other so intensely.  After dinner, they could hold off no
longer, so they went to bed together naked.  Chris enjoyed feeling the
warmth of three other sexy bodies as he slowly drifted off to sleep as
he felt all of their muscles.  All four of them enjoyed falling asleep
with the smell of their perspiration.
