THE MANOR

by Lisa Romley
Part I: The Arrival

     It was not without a certain misgiving that M brought her
fiancee Eric to Miss Reage's estate that late, cloudy afternoon.
He knew the consequences of going to The Manor after their
discussion that very morning, but M remained apprehensive. Would
Eric have second thoughts under Miss Reage's appraising glances,
or would he become terrified the moment of his full comprehension?

     Leaving the cab at the gate they walked through a low, ivy
covered archway to the heavy oak door. M smiled inwardly at her
choice of this handsome young man with his perfect features and
strong build. She rang the bell.

     A maid ushered them to a small, carpeted room off the hall and
left them alone, closing the door. The room was empty except for
a chest of drawers, table, and two padded ottomans. A full length
mirror covered one wall. She placed her coat and handbag on the
table. She must prepare him for Miss Reage.

     "Eric, we must remove all of your clothing. Give them to me."
She used a key to open a small, wood-paneled locker while he sat
on an ottoman and took off his shoes and socks. Afterward he stood
and unbuttoned the rest of his garments, surrendering them to her
until at last he wore only undershorts.

     "Those, too," M said, holding out her hand. A flush of
embarrassment swept over him. He hesitated. "Come on," she urged.
He put his thumbs inside the elastic and slid the garment past his
knees, to the floor, and stepped out of them. He was now totally
naked in front of her. She smiled and let her eyes wander over him,
then put his shorts in the locker and turned the key.

     He stood next to the ottoman and she was pleased with the
image of his buttocks in the mirror. Miss Reage would approve. She
opened a drawer and found the handcuffs. "Eric, I must follow Mrs.
Reage's rules. I know it is difficult, but I'll be with you, at
least at first. Please turn around and give me your left hand."

     He hesitated, then faced the mirror. She quickly handcuffed
his hands comfortably behind him, double locking the ratchets. She
turned him around, explaining in a firmer voice, "Now Miss Reage
will want you to spread your legs. You must remember to do it this
way," she said, tapping his inner thigh. She urged his feet outward
on the warm carpet until his legs spread unnaturally, stretching
his thigh muscles taught. His genitals hung free and glaringly
exposed. She moved her hand over his buttocks, feeling and
squeezing. His erection grew rapidly, to her satisfaction. "And
remember not to speak unless asked."

     She returned to the drawer and withdrew a white hand-towel and
a small tube of clear jelly. She opened the towel and lay it on the
table, put some jelly on her fingers and carefully spread it over
the head of his penis, causing it to surge rigidly upward. She
closed the tube and lay it on the towel.

     There was a click of the door latch and it opened for an
attractive woman dressed in a black evening gown with heels and
long gloves. She carried a small leather case. She stepped in and
closed the door. Eric saw her glance fall to his genitals as she
put the case down and walked slowly around him, her eyes moving
over his body from head to toe. "Was the driver on time?" she asked
M.

     "Yes, thank you."

     She continued her appraisal for what seemed like several, long
minutes. Finally, "Have you whipped him?"

     "No, he's new and untrained, a beginner, Miss Reage."

     "You have my admiration for choosing such a specimen. Of
course I will have to examine him."

     "Of course."

     "Shall we begin?"

     "Yes, please."

     "Good." She sat down on the other ottoman. "Bring him closer."

     M took his elbow and walked him in front of Miss Reage, his
erect penis at her eye level, and again tapped the inside of his
thighs, spreading his legs wide. He nervously pulled against the
handcuffs, breathing faster.

     "When you are finished here," Miss Reage addressed Eric, "you
will have become a trained, sexual slave in every respect. You will
be a prize for your owner, rather than another clumsy male." She
looked at M, "Has he been sized?"

     "No, but is it necessary, so soon?"

     "Oh yes, we do it right away. But, in a moment." She removed
her gloves and ran her hand up Eric's leg, beside the scrotum,
feeling the tumescent perineum. Her fingers played with his
testicles, one by one, moving them up and down, feeling their
shapes. Eric emitted a small moan. With both hands she spread the
scrotum, testicles apart, and examined it. She lifted his balls and
looked behind them, feeling the shaft at the base of the penis.
Finally, with two fingers, she squeezed the very tip of the glans,
forcing out a clear drop. "He is a remarkable choice. I think the
others will agree, don't you?"

     "Oh yes. I want to show him tonight."

     "But first we must finish. Bring me the case, please, and if
you have any questions, ask them."

     M set the case in front of Miss Reage and asked, "How long
must he be handcuffed?"

     "Only until he learns not to masturbate without permission.
Some learn quicker than others. The training harness helps. I
believe this will do." She chose a phallus from the case. It was
smooth and black, with a ring attached to the base. "Bend him over
the other ottoman and bring me the jelly," she said as Eric's eyes
widened.

     Eric was positioned with his legs spread, but his head down
on the ottoman and his buttocks raised sharply. He was conscious
of his balls hanging down in full view of M and Miss Reage. He
could not see, but only feel what they were doing.

     Miss Reage squeezed some jelly onto the tip of the phallus.
"Now M, stand beside him, turn his feet inward as much as possible,
and with both hands, spread his cheeks."

     M complied. Eric felt her hands on his buttocks, pulling them
apart and exposing his anus. "But why turn his toes inward, Miss
Reage?"

     "It prevents him from pressing his buttocks together and
resisting the phallus, M. Now watch carefully." The jellied tip of
the phallus felt slippery to Eric as it touched the mouth of his
anus.
     
     "When you do this, M, tease the sphincter with the instrument
as I am doing. It teaches his anus to grasp the tip and makes
penetration easier. You might also pull slightly on his scrotum,
like this."

     She took his scrotum, above the testicles, and pulled gently
down in a milking motion. Eric moaned loudly.

     "This milking action relaxes the males, M. Helps them learn
to take the phallus. Now feel his cock. Is it very hard?"

     M reached underneath his stomach and felt his penis. It was
bone-hard. Another loud moan escaped from Eric. She spread his
cheeks again. "If you looked at the end of his cock, M, it would
be red and flared," Miss Reage continued, still teasing his anus
with the phallus. "Relax and breath through your mouth, Eric.

     "Now M, when you push it in, do it slowly, backing out
slightly, then in again, moving the shaft downward, this way," she
demonstrated, as the tip disappeared and the shaft followed. Eric
gasped. She pushed it in to the ring. "See how the sphincter widens
easily around the shaft? He is taking it well, M. And this is the
right phallus. We won't have to find another size."

     Only the base of the phallus, and the attached ring, was
visible. Eric was panting in short breaths, his hips moving
slightly, causing the ring to bob up and down a few inches.

     "Yes, I see, Miss Reage. May I try it once?"

     "Of course, dear. Remove it slowly, take your time, and you
may do it again." M took hold of the ring and carefully withdrew
the phallus, pausing slightly as the head passed through the anal
opening and Eric's cheeks quivered violently.

     "Before you put in back in, straighten him up and check his
penis, M. But be careful not to touch it. He may orgasm instantly,
if you do."

     M took his elbow and guided him to a standing position. His
cock jutted straight out, pointing slightly upward. "Oh look, Miss
Reage, it IS flared and red!"

     "That's why you don't dare touch it. He could orgasm
immediately in that state. Now bend him over again."

     Once more Eric was forced, head down, over the ottoman and his
legs spread apart, feet turned awkwardly in. M applied more jelly
to the phallus and Miss Reage parted his cheeks. "That's right,
dear. Tease the anus with the tip. Let the anus nibble and learn
to reach for it like a trained horse takes the bit." And indeed,
as the tip of the phallus touched Eric's anus, the anal opening
flexed and nibbled, like Miss Reage said. After a moment, with her
slender fingers grasping the base, M easily slid the shaft fully
in, provoking another desperate gasp from Eric. "In time he will
get used to the phallus, M. There is an alternate method of
insertion Eric should show you, however."

     Miss Reage slowly removed the instrument. Eric's buttocks
quivered and flexed as the shaft withdrew and he moaned again as
the phallic head passed through the anal opening.

     "If you position the phallus below the anus, M, you can force
him to squat on it, thereby inserting it himself." She held the
shaft upright, beneath Eric's anus, and then, grasping the top of
his scrotum between her thumb and forefinger, she pulled firmly
down, obliging him to squat onto the phallus. Again, it slid easily
up to the ring. She released her grip on his scrotum.

     "I think a training harness will do for now, and a leash. Then
we can take a walk to the parlour."

     "Yes, I want to show him off."

     "Do you think he should be gagged?"

     "I don't know." Another long moan escaped from Eric.

     "Perhaps it would be best since he has never been shown
before."

     "I agree." Miss Reage opened a drawer in the small table and
removed a black leather harness composed of a belt and two thin
straps, attached with buckles. She fastened the belt around his
waist and turned it so the buckle was under his navel. The other
two straps hung down together from the small of his back, fell
between the cheeks and slid through the ring on the phallus,
spreading to each side of the scrotum where she attached them to
the belt near his hips. "Now stand him up, M, and we will collar
him."

     M stood Eric upright and he jumped slightly, shaking his
harness. "See him prance? It's their way of fighting and testing
the phallus, M. They all do it, for awhile, until they learn that
bucking the phallus is useless. The phallus always wins." Miss
Reage took a small leather collar, no bigger than the circle of a
thumb and forefinger, with a small ring set in the leather opposite
the buckle, and sat herself on the ottoman. "Bring him here M,
facing me."

     He was placed in front of her and his legs spread. He breathed
heavily, tensing his buttocks until Miss Reage stroked the inside
of his leg, saying "Easy boy. Easy now." He was, after all, bigger
and stronger than both ladies. She skillfully lifted his balls and
slipped the collar behind and around both his scrotum and the base
of the penis, positioning the small ring at the front, on top of
the collar. As she tightened the collar, Eric groaned, panting
noisily.

     "Oh! Is he all right?" asked M.

     "Yes dear. Don't be alarmed. New slaves often react strongly
to the harness and collar. He will settle down. If not, there is
the whip."

     At that, Eric moaned again and struggled slightly against the
handcuffs. "Now bring me the leash and gag," Miss Reage instructed.

     M went to the drawer and found them, a long black leash and
a leather gag. "Kneel," commanded Miss Reage, pushing down on his
shoulders. He fell to his knees and swayed slightly. "I won't tell
you again, but I want those thighs spread, even when on your
knees," she reminded. "Now open your mouth. Wider. Now suck on
this. Yes, all the way back."

     She placed the gag, a soft, compressible leather ball device
scented with strawberry and attached to a strap and buckle, into
his mouth. "It is a tongue suppressor and gag, both," she
explained, pulling the buckle snug behind his neck. "In time, the
scent of strawberry will arouse him." The strap covered his lips
and completely silenced all but the most intense moans. She stood
him up again so that his erection bobbed out in front of her. She
smiled to see Eric quickly spreading his legs.

     She uncoiled the leash, snapped it to the ring on the small
collar and handed it to M, saying, "He should have knee hobbles."

     Miss Reage took two leather cuffs, joined by a short chain,
from the drawer and buckled Eric's legs together just above the
knees.

     "Now M, when you lead him, he is hobbled so you can always
keep a slight tension on the leash. Break him to the leather and
phallus by walking around. Perhaps tomorrow you can exercise him
outside on the grounds."
     
     Hobbled, Eric moved in quick little steps to obey commands
from the leash as M pulled him forward across the room. "You will
need this to keep his attention," Miss Reage said, handing M a
short, black leather whip. "On occasion, smack his buttocks if he
lags or balks. Later I will show you the art of finer whipping to
raise his responsiveness. I think now he needs a mask for his first
showing, don't you?"

     "Oh yes, I nearly forgot."

     Miss Reage produced a silver party mask and placed it on Eric.
"Now you have a mystery-slave. Really, I do believe there will be
some jealousy, M."

     "Yes, Miss Reage. So do I."

     "Now walk him a bit more while I go out and make the
announcement."

     M continued to lead Eric around the room as Miss Reage closed
the door. Once he resisted the leash, standing and squirming,
surprising M. She tugged, but he remained defiant. With a quick
movement, she snapped the whip across his buttocks. A muffled yell
came from behind the leather gag and his knees bent slightly. She
watched his buttocks spasm against both the whip and phallus. He
lurched forward, but she stopped and fastened the leash to a hook
in the wall, at waist level. "Step backwards until the leash is
taut, Eric," she commanded with a new resolve. He obeyed and the
strap pulled up tight on his genitals. "Good. Remember that I still
love you, Eric, but I do want you trained properly and I will use
this whip to be certain you are mine and only mine. Do you
understand?"

     Eric nodded and moaned. She checked the harness and hobbles.
The phallus remained well in place, held by the straps, with only
the ring partially visible between his buttocks. "Soon we will
going out to the parlour so the other ladies may see you. Please
don't cause me to whip you, for I shall if need be, and remember
to spread your legs when you are not hobbled." She took hold of the
phallus ring and moved it slightly up, forcing Eric to his toes and
another long moan from behind the gag.

     Taking the leash again, she pulled him toward the door and
opened it. He followed her down the hall, prancing slightly, his
gait accommodating the hobbles and phallus, his penis straight out
and his balls raised beneath the leash strap. They walked toward
a set of closed, double doors leading to the parlour. Light,
merriment and the loud murmur of female voices flowed from under
the doors. She knocked three times.

Part II: The Whipping of Eric

     "I see you've brought a new slave," said a woman opening the
doors. "Oh, and a fine specimen, too. Bring him in, M."

     She walked ahead of Eric, keeping the leash taught, and he
hobbled into the room. From behind the silver mask Eric saw a well
appointed sitting room filled with ladies in formal evening wear.
They were seated on a sofa and several chairs. Their conversation
fell silent as they saw him, nude, collared, gagged and chained,
with the thin, black straps between his buttocks and the large
erection under the leash. The women all began talking at once,
voicing approval. M paraded him in front of each lady, turning him
around several times.

     "He is marvelous, M."

     "Oh M! You've already sized him!"

     "I should certainly like to see him whipped, tonight."

     "Oh, look at him buck the phallus!"

     "May I feel him?"

     A chorus of responses rose from the group.

     "I do think he should be whipped," Miss Reage agreed with one
lady. "Do you object, M?"

     M hesitated. "I did think it was somewhat early." She looked
at Eric with feeling. "Perhaps just a few strokes."

     "Should we use the horse?" a woman asked.

     "Yes, I'll have it brought in," said Miss Reage. "But first
perhaps some of you would care to examine him."

     Eric heard another murmur of approval and felt the leash
pulling him toward a woman on the sofa. He was maneuvered directly
in front of her, in a profile position. "How would you like him,
Marilyn? Perhaps you want to see him from the rear?"

     "No, M. I only want to examine his balls and penis. Can you
have him face me?"

     "Certainly." She relaxed the leash and unsnapped it.

     "Eric, turn and face the lady, please."

     Eric turned, and again his erection was at eye level. The
woman, a striking lady in her forties, cupped Eric's balls in one
hand and felt them, repeatedly moving them around in her hand and
examining each testicle. They bulged beneath the collar and she
pushed a finger under the strap, behind his scrotum. "You have him
well collared, M. And I like his balls. They're a good size."

     She took hold of his penis at the base just in front of the
collar strap and stroked the underside carefully. The glans flared
and a clear drop appeared at the opening. "Oh M, he is SO ready.
I DO want to see him whipped, though."

     "And so you shall," Miss Reage said. "As soon as the slaves
bring in the horse."

     "Oh Miss Reage, do you think it will be too much for him?"
asked M, concerned.

     "He IS very new, after all."

     "Nonsense, dear. A new slave must learn to taste the whip and
to pace himself for a whipping. Which of you girls would like the
honors?"

     "I have a particular talent with the whip," a woman in the
corner spoke up. "My female slave needs attention as well. Perhaps
I could do them both."

     "A fine suggestion, Angela. Do we want two horses, then?"

     "Yes, that will do."

     "I will see to it. Oh, here comes one now."

     Two female slaves dressed as domestic maids rolled in the
whipping horse, a three foot high, padded block on legs anchored
securely to a platform. The platform moved on castors and was set
with ring bolts at the base of the horse to which were attached
collars and small lengths of chain. The maids rolled the horse to
the center of the room.

     "M, we should put Eric on the horse. Would you like me to do
it?"

     "Yes. I want to watch."
     
     "Very well, bring him here and remove his hobbles."

     She re-attached the leash and Eric was lead beside the horse.
M unbuckled the hobbles and tapped the inside of his leg. He
obediently spread his thighs, brazenly exposing his genitals and
the silver phallus ring. "Remove his gag," Miss Reage instructed.
"We will see how loud he becomes."

     "On your knees," M told him. He dropped down and she saw that
he kept his legs spread. She unfastened the gag and took it out.
"Keep your mouth open."

     Eric kept his mouth open and M pulled up on the leash strap
and put it between his teeth. "Now bite on this." He closed his
teeth on the strap, holding it tense. His erect penis and balls
were pulled up sharply. The end of the strap hung down in front of
his navel. "Now keep your back straight and look ahead. In a few
minutes you will be whipped."

     "Well done, M," Miss Reage said as the maids rolled in a
second horse and, behind them, led a female slave. She was nude but
for handcuffs and a harness with phallus. The phallus was inserted
through her anus. Her leash was attached directly to the phallus
ring and came out front, between her thighs. She had a silver mask
identical to Eric's and he looked at her well formed breasts,
sensuous mouth, and long legs as she was paraded around the room.

     "I would like to examine this slave before she is horsed," a
lady spoke to Angela.

     "Of course, Miss Field. Bring her here."

     The female was positioned with her legs spread in front of
Miss Field. The leash was removed. Miss Field spoke. "What is your
name?"

     "Tanya."

     "I am going to examine your breasts and your clitoris, Tanya."
Miss Field fondled each breast, feeling the weight of each and
rolling the nipples between her fingers. The nipples began to
harden as she lightly stroked them. She reached between Tanya's
legs and felt the outer lips, running a finger between the labia
to release a pool of wetness. She stroked the clitoris and
carefully inserted a finger into the opening of the vagina. More
wetness flowed out.

     "Turn around and bend over."

     Tanya obeyed; she turned and spread her legs, then bent over.
Her wet genitals protruded between the harness straps and below the
phallus ring. Miss Field parted her labia and inserted two fingers
at once, deep into her vagina. Tanya moaned and rocked slightly,
catching herself. "She is tight," Miss Field said. "We should tease
her with the male."

     "A marvelous idea," agreed Miss Reage and Tanya was released
from her handcuffs and ordered to the floor, directly in front of
the first horse, on her hands and knees. Miss Reage unbuckled the
harness. "Tanya, you must relax while I remove the phallus," she
said. "Spread your knees wide and turn in your toes." She took the
ring and slowly began withdrawing the shaft. "Breath deeply," she
commanded as more of the phallus appeared, but Tanya cried out
sharply when the phallic head passed through her anus. "It's out.
Relax and keep your head down."

     Miss Reage approached Eric, took his leash, and led him to the
horse. She unsnapped the leash. "Step up on the platform and bend
over the block," she commanded. Prancing slightly, he got onto the
dolly and faced the pad. "Now place your feet at each end and bend
over," she repeated, reaching between his legs from the rear and
firmly taking hold of his scrotum, pulling it up and backward,
forcing his head down. A startled cry came from Eric.

     He obediently spread his legs and lay across the padded block,
lowering his head. She buckled the collar around his neck and
strapped his ankles, wide apart, securing him firmly to the block
with his buttocks high and genitals hanging down in full view,
below the phallus ring. The two thin, black straps could be seen
going through the ring, as before, and disappearing on either side
of his scrotum, under his stomach.

     "Angela, he is yours," Miss Reage said. "Notice how he is
positioned carefully to allow him, if he looks forward, to see all
of Tanya's charms as he is whipped?"

     Angela produced a short whip, like M's. She stepped to the
side of the horse and touched the whip to Eric's buttocks,
measuring the stroke. "Shall I give him twenty, M?"

     "Oh, no more, please!"

     "Very well. Twenty, then."

     Eric's buttocks quivered and he strained at the collars.
Angela's arm rose and a swish of air announced the first strike of
the whip. Eric heaved violently and screamed as the leather left
a red welt across his naked ass. The neck collar held his head
down, chain tight, barely allowing him a view of Tanya's genitals
displayed a few inches away. Again the whip fell, leaving a thin
welt as his buttocks involuntarily jerked with a new scream.

     After five strokes, Miss Reage said, "Now M, notice how he is
fighting the phallus again? To no avail. The phallus does its work,
regardless, forcing submission."

     And indeed, with each stroke of the whip and each scream the
phallus ring bobbed and heaved relentlessly outside his anus, in
the crack of his spasming buttocks, its embedded shaft riding and
mastering him.

     At last, his ass crossed with red lines, Eric lay quiet, the
whipping over. The handcuffs kept both hands inert, palms up
against his back which glistened with beads of sweat, while his
penis and balls hung helplessly exposed between his spread thighs
and elevated buttocks.

     "Grease his balls and his butt," Miss Reage instructed M.

     "That will relax him before we tease the female."

     "Come here," M motioned to a female slave. The slave stepped
forward and accepted a bottle of lotion. "Rub this into his
buttocks and carefully massage the scrotum. Do not allow him to
ejaculate!" she commanded.

     Eric began making low whimpering sounds as the slave moistened
his hanging scrotum. The phallus ring moved each time he flexed the
muscles at the base of his cock. She pulled his erect penis
rearward and gingerly covered it with cream, avoiding the most
sensitive area behind the head. Miss Field remarked, "Notice how
his scrotum is contracting, pulling his balls up and tight? My male
slave does the same when he is aroused."

     Satisfied when she saw the penile head flare and a drop of
semen appear at the tip, the slave began rubbing cream into his
buttocks, pausing occasionally to gently milk the scrotum and run
a finger underneath the penile shaft, drawing loud moans from Eric.

     Without warning the slave suddenly stopped, lay on her back,
raised and spread her legs, and began masturbating. The ladies all
joined in startled exclamations, but Angela said, "It is all right,
I gave her permission to masturbate at will. Otherwise she would
certainly be whipped for it."
     
     The slave began to moan and masturbate faster, suddenly
reaching orgasm with furious intensity, legs waving in the air,
fanny jiggling. After a few moments Angela spoke to the slave:
"When you have recovered, finish anointing his buttocks."

     Meanwhile, the ladies prepared Tanya for teasing by first
taking her to a raised dais between two pillars at the end of the
room. Leather cuffs supporting metal rings on each side were
buckled to her ankles. She was handcuffed and told to sit at the
edge of the dais, then laid back by the shoulders and pulled
forward so that her handcuffed hands hung over the vertical end,
her buttocks suspended in mid-air. The handcuff chain was attached
to a ring bolt at the end of the bench. "Now raise your legs toward
your chest," they told her and, once done, her ankles were pulled
further back, spread wide, and fastened to the pillars by straps
which snapped to the leather ankle-cuffs. She now lay on the bench
with her vulva gaping open and her buttocks held slightly aloft and
split violently apart. Marilyn applied a strawberry whipped cream
evenly over Tanya's genitals, making her ready for Eric.

     The ladies remarked at the generous size of Eric's cock as he
was led, handcuffed, harnessed and lubricated, to the waiting
female. Again, they noticed him prancing to the phallus. M said,
"Eric, you are to clean all of the whipped cream from this slave
with your tongue. If you do a proper job, the ladies and I will
insert your penis into her vagina. Now begin."

     A pillow was placed in front of the dais, for Eric's knees,
and he dropped down between Tanya's raised and outstretched legs,
methodically licking the cream from her genitals which were moist
and swollen. Loud moans came from Tanya's mouth and, with each
licking, she squirmed and cried louder. Eric pushed his tongue into
her anus, causing more moaning, then concentrated on her clitoris
which was fully erect. Suddenly a violent orgasm overcame her and
she screamed and twisted with spasms.

     The ladies immediately raised Eric by his forearms and pushed
him over Tanya, sliding his penis full into her vagina, causing him
to reflexively thrust, in and out. M held his balls from behind as
he reached orgasm with a yell, and the phallus ring jerked sharply
with each ejaculation until it was over.

     "Tanya will remain here," M said after several minutes. "You
follow me." And she re-snapped the leash to Eric's collar and led
him away, down a long corridor. "You will spend the night chained
in a tower bedroom," she said. "Tomorrow, at tea time, you will be
placed on the dais, completely nude, and whipped in front of all
the ladies and their guests."

Part III: The Whipping of Tanya

     Angela took the short, black whip and straddled the bench,
over Tanya, standing between Tanya's outstretched legs. In this
position, Tanya's ankles were pulled back behind Angela, and
Tanya's raised and opened genitals stared up at her. Angela felt
the skin on Tanya's taught inner thighs, adjacent to her parted
nether lips --still engorged and moist with whipped cream, and
said, "You will be whipped here, between the legs, as well as your
bottom. Screaming will not stop it. It is the most thorough
whipping technique and all my slaves receive it at least once."
"Oh, please!" Tanya said. "Don't whip me like that! I'll do
anything. I can't stand it! Oh, no! Please!"

     "It is no use, Tanya. You must receive the whipping."

     "No! No! Please!"

     "Yes. And now I will begin."

     She raised the whip and brought it down smartly between
Tanya's legs, on the inner thigh, just underneath the fold of her
buttock. Tanya screamed and twisted, to no avail. Again the whip
fell and again she screamed, begging for mercy.  Angela ignored her
and continued the whipping, steadly covering her buttocks and inner
thighs, leaving long, crisscrossed welts. Tanya's struggles became
frantic as she strained at the cuffs and straps, her screaming loud
and continuous, finally giving way to moans and sobs.

     At last Angela stopped. "You will remain here for the night,"
she said, leaving. "Any other slave may have his will with you."

Part IV: The Whipping of Eric

     Chained naked in the tower, Eric remained harnessed to the
phallus, helpless against its probings and discipline. With every
move during the night, as he lay face down on a large bed with his
hands chained to the corner posts, he felt its relentless
reminders.

     Much later he awoke to the voice of M as she undid the harness
straps. "Relax, Eric, so that I may remove the phallus. Open your
legs and turn your toes inward. That's right." And he felt the
shaft withdraw, and the head pass through his sphincter, causing
him to cry out.

     "There, it is out. Now we will bathe you and make you ready
for the dais," she said, unfastening his chains from the corner
posts. He struggled to his feet, unsure of his whereabouts. The
tower room was still dark, but he saw various instruments of
discipline on the walls. She handcuffed his hands behind him and
attached hobbles to his knees again. Then she produced the leash
and collar. "New male slaves must be collared when they are moved,
Eric. Come here." And she placed him before her, as before, gently
lifting his genitals and running the collar strap behind his
scrotum and around the base of his penis, latching it with the ring
on top. She snapped the long leather leash to the collar ring and
noted his penis becoming erect, tightening inside the collar.

     She pulled him out the heavy door and down a dark corridor,
his hobbled knees permitting only short little steps with his
genitals pulled out in front of him, the leash tight, as she led
the way to the manor baths.
                         * * *



