*** The Thief and the Pearl Necklace ***
*** a story by averti August 1991    ***

It was a warm Friday night. Toby and I had enjoyed a barbaric feast at
Meat Is Murder. The beef molecules  plus the two bottles of local red
jostled through our veins and arteries, and I was ready for nothing
more than a couple hours of snuggle on the deck, counting stars,
talking trash, and wasting time. Then I noticed that somebody was in
Toby's place.

Well, ``noticed''... all right, I sensed, I felt. I grabbed Toby by the
arm.  She jumped a mile. ``Wait a minute'' I hissed. ``Anybody supposed
to be in your place this time of night?''

She ran her mental Rolodex. ``No. Is there somebody in there?''

``Keep your voice down, and yes. Your alarm system up to date?''

``Sure. They check it every three months.''

``Well, then, it's somebody sophisticated enough to get in without
tripping the alarm. Which means they might actually be dangerous.'' I
fished around behind my belt, in the small of my back, thinking, I'm
gonna catch hell for THIS, and produced a small pistol. ``Here, take
this.''

Toby's deep, lustrous eyes got big as glass marbles. Then she narrowed
her eyes in a frown. ``What is this? What is this thing? What the FUCK
is this?!''

``It's an over-and-under derringer, and keep your voice down! You can
flail the shit out of me for carrying a gun later. Right now, I want
you to crouch down here by the landing. If whoever's inside comes out
fast, let 'em go right on by. If they spot you or stop, you shoot 'em
right where I taught you.''

Her voice shook. ``I can't _shoot_ anybody...!''

``I know it, baby. You won't have to. This is just in case. Now scrooch
down, and don't make a sound.'' Toby scrooched down, as best she could;
she's six feet tall in her large, flat bare feet, with legs as long as
a giraffe's.

I went around to the back and climbed up the fire stairs without making
much of any kind of sound. I paused on the landing and listened by the
back door.  A few little sounds told me that there really was somebody
inside. I palmed my cardkey, striped it through the electronic reader
next to the door, and eased the door open.

No lights showed inside. I knew the entire layout of the place by
heart. I duck-walked along the baseboard, through the utility room,
into the kitchen.  I paused to listen. Minute sounds came from the
living room.

I flowed along the carpeted hall and around the doorframe, flattened
myself along the living room wall. I slowly slid up until I could reach
the light switch panel. Still hearing noises. I took a deep breath,
then slapped every switch on the panel. The room lit up like dawn on
the great divide.

I flopped to the floor and screamed ``All right, asshole! Drop what you
got and hit the floor, face down, hands empty!'' I used my best command
voice, which is a terrible strain on the throat but is so effective
that I usually scare myself.

When my challenge didn't immediately elicit a hail of bullets in
answer, I rolled over and got up on one knee. Hope asshole don't got
nothing to drop, I thought, since I got nothing to fight back with but
a felt-tip pen. I looked across the room, still squinting from the
brightness, and saw some kind of small, dark figure fly through the air
and bounce off the front door.  This scared the shit out of me! It was
too little and too fast to be a regular human-type burglar, and since I
have read every comic book ever published, I had plenty of imagination
fodder.

Toby yelled through the door, ``Starr! Are you all right?''

``Shut up and stay where I told you!'' I bellowed. The whatever-it-was
launched itself into the air again and zoomed straight across the
living room toward me. I fleetingly thought about blocking it, but had
an extremely vivid mental picture of my arm ripped off, complete with
high-quality blood pumping special effects. I let the damn thing whiz
right past me and down the hall toward the kitchen. I started after at
a reasonable pace. Suddenly a loud, peremptory voice in my head yelled
``Kitchen!  Kitchen! Knives! KNIVES in kitchen!''

I ran into the kitchen and slammed on the brakes. Far from going for a
weapon, the intruder was trying to open the kitchen door. Well, I had
locked that baby behind me when I slunk in, and without a cardkey, the
whatever-it-was didn't have a chance.

I sized it up since I could see it more clearly. It was in fact human,
but very small--under five feet--a child or a midget of some kind. It
was hard to see because it had a kind of unofficial Ninja suit on, all
dust-colored and dark greyish. This suit included a hood.

Bravely, I sneaked up behind it while it was still struggling with the
lock, and kicked the backs of its knees, bringing it to the floor. I
did a half-drop on its back with one knee--I didn't want to kill
it--and shoved its face halfway through the floor with my right hand
while pinioning its right arm with my other hand. It wriggled
violently, taut muscles as strong as a snake's. ``Take it easy,
citizen,'' I said calmly. ``Or I'll send you down to the Cop Shop with
one or two broken parts.''

It stopped struggling and went perfectly still. Not slack, just still.
I know _that_ one since kindergarten, so I gripped all the harder. I
yelled toward the front of the house, ``Toby!! Come on in. Come
straight through to the kitchen! Hold that weapon safely, and don't
shoot me; I'm the big one on top of the little one.''

***

Handcuffs? Boy, have we got handcuffs. I sat on the intruder while Toby
cuffed its hands behind its back and its legs together at the ankles.
Toby got over her scare fairly quickly. ``Stop grinning'' I said. ``Ya
having too much fun. This is business.''

``Take that hood off. Let's see what we got.''

I took a grip of the top of the hood, and felt a bunch of hair under
it.  I changed my grip and carefully pulled the hood off.  Surprise! It
was Asian.  It was female. It looked poisonous.

I looked into her face. ``You're what, Cambodian? Viet Namese?''

``Fuck off and die!''

I grinned. ``Oh, yeah, beautiful scenic Fuck Off and Die. Spent two
tours there myself around the turn of the '70's.''

Now that I looked again, and remembered our recent wrestling match,
there were some little breasts and smooth, rounded buttocks involved
there somewhere. She sat up easily, her cuffed legs folded under her.

``What do they call you?''

She glared. ``Sil.''

``Say again?''

``They call me Sil, awright?!''

``It's all right with me...too bad you didn't sneak in by the window,
then we could call you Window Sil.'' I got a deservedly horrible
expression for that one.

***

For some reason, possibly a law of the jungle, I felt empowered to run
my hands over Sil's clothed body. Normally, I never touch another human
being without explicit permission (or to hurt them badly enough to make
them leave me alone). Well, I could frisk a burglar for weapons, right?
And frisk her, and frisk her, and maybe check between her legs for a
bazooka...  so I groped the thief. She stared straight ahead, deadpan.
``Listen, if you let me go, I could make it worth your while.''

I smiled snottily. ``What could you have that we would be interested
in?''

Sil licked her lips in a patently phony come-on gesture. ``I could make
you feel real good. You and her both. I could fuck the both of you; I'm
hot stuff in the bedroom.''

Toby and I looked at each other, dumbfounded. Then we both burst into
loud, insulting, cackling laughter. Sil glared, then blushed a little,
then glared more. ``Fuck's so funny about that?'' she snarled.

``Oh, forgive me, little bit, but that offer...in this place...made to
us particular people...it's like a non-union house painter offering to
do a quick touch-up on the Sistine Chapel.''

``That's supposed to mean something?''

``Yes, since you ask so nicely. You are a punk burglar, essentially a
failed petty criminal. You don't know _anything_ about sex. You might
think you do, the same way a catfish thinks it's an expert on river
mud, but you don't. The world is full of post-teenyboppers like you who
think lovemaking is like Rap; anybody can do it because anybody can do
it.'' I reached over and took her chin in my hand and forced her to
look directly into my eyes.  ``Sober, you probably couldn't find your
own clit with both hands and a roadmap; loaded, you tend to have all
the sexual subtlety of a squeegee mop.''

Sil glared.  ``I don't do drugs, asshole, and my clit's not a subject
for discussion.'' She shrugged. ``Okay, now that you've insulted me, I
take it sex is out.''

I looked at Toby. She made a face like the cat who was _about_ to
swallow the canary. ``Oh, no indeedy'' I said, taking on the same grin.
``Sex is in. Sex is most expoobidently in.''

***

We went down into the playroom. It's a big place; it occupies the space
normally taken up by the two-car garage in your standard three-story
Queen Anne. Toby's two-car garage was a fake. The playroom behind it
was reachable by no less than six different routes from the upper parts
of the house; but if you didn't know the way in, you were never going
to get in. The previous owners had been manufacturing designer drugs.
They had shown less greed and more smarts than most; packed it in,
dismantled their operation, and took all their nicely laundered
millions off to foreign parts.  Toby got the house in a private bank
sale; once we checked out the fake garage room (and made sure to have
any left-over happy dust vacuumed out and neutralized), a few interior
alterations transformed it into one of the finest privately maintained
`dungeons' on the west coast.

I had taken off the leg cuffs so our visitor could walk freely. I
stopped her by grabbing the other pair of cuffs behind her back. ``You
promise not to break for it if I pop these?''

Sil flashed her first smile. Could use some dental work. ``Of course
not.''

``Good.'' I detached the cuffs. ``I'd way rather be tricked than lied
to.''

I flipped on some lights and she slowly looked around, taking
everything in; the mats, the cross, the horses, the racks of manacles
and restraints. Sil planted her tiny hands on her narrow hips and gave
me and Toby some tough.  ``Okay, I'm going along with this...for now.
What do I do next?''

I grinned. ``Next you take off that home-made Teenage Mutant Ninja
Asshole suit and give us a good look at your body.''

The expression on Sil's face was unreadable, at least by me. I glanced
over at Toby; she quivered one eyebrow, which could mean almost
anything. Thanks a lot, Toby. Sil kicked her soft shoes off, slipped
the cowl-like hood over her head. She skinned out out of her dark
garments and stood, tiny, lean, and muscular, in simple cotton briefs
and tank top.

Sil peeled the briefs down her legs and stepped nimbly out of the pool
of cotton. I feasted my eyes on her heart-shaped behind. She hooked her
thumbs under the straps of the Tee shirt. I said ``Wait a minute.''

She looked at me over her shoulder. ``What?''

``Wait a little while with the top. Turn around and let us look at your
front.'' She pivoted, pokerfaced. Her faultless thighs and belly could
have been carved out of the finest marble. The sweet mound of her sex
showed no hair, just a sort of rosy blush.

I took a breath. ``You are _very_ beautiful, Sil. I know you can't
relate to the sincerity of that kind of statement right now, but you
will.''

>From behind me, Toby said, ``Take off the top now, love.''

A strange expression crossed Sil's face. ``This is where it gets a
little less good, people'' she said, hiding her face. She peeled off
the shirt and threw it on the floor. Her breasts were of a fashion with
the rest of her, amazingly delicate and firm; but one breast terminated
in a sharply pointed dark red nipple, and the other in a ruined,
mangled mess.

I managed to keep an artifical cool. Toby, behind me, was not so swift
to dissemble; I heard her gasp. Sil placed both hands over her face and
stood there.

Her nipple was twisted and divided toward the tip, so that it ended up
looking like it had two tips, or a forked tip. It was also heavy with
lumpy scar tissue. I had been unfortunate enough to see this kind of
injury before; the initial shock of the sight passed off, followed by a
wave of irrational anger. Such injuries are seldom accidental; they are
usually purposeful.  I tried to keep emotion out of my voice as I
asked, ``Torn-out ring?''

She looked up at me in surprise. ``Yeah. How'd you know that?''

I walked over and wrapped my arms around Sil. First she tightened, then
relaxed and dropped her face to my chest.

``You're not the first, cold comfort that that is. Tell us. If you feel
like you can.''

She shrugged, staying within the circle of my arms. ``When I was 12, my
mother sold me to this guy...he sold the privilege to pierce and ring
me to the highest bidder among his filthy friends.''

I looked at Toby. She looked sick. I felt sick.

Sil went on. ``Not long after that, when I wouldn't fuck his dog for
his friends' amusement, he ... he r-ripped the ring out.'' She started
to shake.

``You don't have to say any more'' I said, as gently as I knew how
while wanting to find some faceless sleaze and beat him to death.
Twice.

``There's not much more to say. Before I passed out from pain and blood
loss, I saw that there was a chunk of my nipple still sticking to the
ring.  H-he laughed, and a-ate it. I ran away and taught myself how to
be a burglar.  Just another American success story.''

I heard Toby suddenly leave the playroom and slam the bathroom door
behind her. I myself felt like bursting into tears, or throwing up, or
just crawling into a hole and not coming out until humanity was
replaced by the noble cockroach. Instead I held the burglar tightly,
and said, ``Well, that's some bad shit, but you're about to be able to
close the door on it.''

Sil looked up at me with suspicion. ``Why would you say that?''

``It's my duty to protect and cherish the innocent and beautiful. Just
like Superman, only with lots of kinky sex thrown in.''

*** End Part 1 of 2 ***

*** Part 2 of 2 ***

Naked, kneeling, her hands clasped behind her back and held there only
by the force of will, Sil looked like a piece of statuary from an
ancient temple. Her arms and legs, tiny compared to mine, were roped
and corded with chisled, defined muscles. Her hands, small but strong,
clasped each other tightly, the posture throwing her chest out and
arching her back in a graceful arc.

Her tiny breasts and  hard nipples were particularly appealing to me.
It hadn't taken me long to get used to the bifurcated nipple. I get off
strongly on small, delicate breasts (for example, The Tobe; although
Toby's are located about a quarter mile higher up in the air than
Sil's).

Sil looked up. ``Are you going to cuff me up to that bar?'' she asked,
as if asking if it were cloudy outside.

I gently took one slender wrist and fitted a padded leather cuff over
it.  ``Would you like that?''

``Yes, please.''

I looked into her jet-black eyes. ``Why?''

``Because, for once, I would like to have somebody excerise control
over me that wasn't going to double-cross me...''

I cuffed her other wrist, and began adjusting the bar to a radically
lower height. ``How do you know we're not going to double-cross you?''

Sil looked at me in perfect seriousness. ``Well, you're not gonna harm
me, because that would be breaking YOUR rules. So that protects me,
right there.  And you're not going to sell me out to somebody else,
because you're not like that. And if I'm wrong, then I'll get what I
deserve for being stupid. And if I'm right, I'm in line for some
profound sex, which I certainly deserve.'' She looked down at her body
and grinned sadly. ``I haven't had an orgasm with anybody but me for
two years'' she added. ``Most fun I have is climbing in and out of
windows, and that's cold comfort some nights.'' Sil glanced over at
Toby, who was sitting nearby. ``And you, tall person. What do you get
out of this deal?''

Toby combed her fingers through her long auburn hair. ``All I want from
you is to see what happens when you get off. I intend to look up your
pussy until it opens up all the way up to your soul.''

``Why--ummf--'' Sil paused  as I took her arms up and fastened the
cuffs to the bar over her head. I locked the bar so that her arms were
pulled up a reasonable amount but her feet still rested flat on the
mat. ``Why'' she continued, ``do I believe every word she says, in
spite of how clearly insane and perverted you both are?''

``Because Toby always tells the truth'' I replied. ``Strange way to go
through life, but we like it. How do you feel? Are you comfortable?''

Sil looked from one of us to the other. She closed her eyes, and, very
slowly, bent in the middle until her feet left the mat. She hung from
the bar by her hands and wrists, then slowly continued to bend at the
waist until her legs lined up in front of her face and her feet touched
the bar on either side of the cuff fastenings. I stepped back a pace to
stay out of her way. It was like looking at some kind of alloy steel
machinery doing its thing.

``How about you? Are YOU comfortable?'' Sil said, in a strangled voice.

WHAT fun this burglar was geting to be! Before she could drop her legs,
I leaned in and, prying her tiny buttocks apart, gave one big sloppy
doglike swipe of my tongue from anus through vulva. She went ``Yeep!''
and let her legs flop down, narrowly missing my face.

****

Toby  leaned over and blew her warm breath into the junction of Sil's
crotch.  ``Do you masturbate?'' Toby demanded softly. Her famous
question. I'd seen and heard her ask that question of all classes of
women from street hookers to news anchors and all inbetween. Somehow,
this vaguely latinate and stupid-sounding word assumed a new importance
when Toby used it; it became a question of some dignity and concern, as
if the subject of rubbing one's clit was of as great a moment as the
soul of womankind. Whenever I think of Toby, I most often think of her
masturbating; I feel a fond reverence as I remember the innocent, pure
beauty of this strong, loving woman making love to herself.

Sil nodded, her eyes squeezed shut.

``We do not talk with our heads here'' Toby chided. ``We talk with our
voices and our hearts and our pussies and cocks and assholes, but it's
rude to nod in this house.''

Sil licked her lips. ``Y-Yes, I do. I do masturbate.''

Toby again blew into Sil's vulva. Sil squirmed a little, although she
tried to mask it.

``Did you ever masturbate and let somebody else watch. Have you ever
masturbated for, and _at_, somebody else?''

``Not counting what they made me do?''

``From about an hour ago, you're never again counting what they made
you do.''

Sil rolled her liquid dark eyes. ``If I masturbate for you, will I like
it?''

Toby licked her lips. ``What's a good way to find out?''

***

``Now what do we want to do?'' I asked. I licked down Sil's front, her
hard, ribby upper chest. I took her good nipple in my mouth and sucked,
licked, bit until she wriggled like a reptile. I moved over and licked
the mangled nipple lightly. ``Is this all right?'' I asked.

She looked down, comically peering down her nose at her chest. ``It
lost a lot of the feeling, if that's what you mean. Don't you think
it's hideous?''

``The way you got it is hideous'' I said, between licks. ``It's a part
of you, and therefore precious.''

Incredibly, she blushed. Hanging by her wrists from the ceiling of a
dungeon, naked, with a total stranger tongue-bathing her body, Sil
blushed. ``You talk nice.'' she murmured.

``I repeat, what do we want to do?''

``You wanna fuck me, right?''

``Maybe--not a foregone conclusion.''

``What about Toby? Am I supposed to beat off for Toby?''

I looked over at Toby, draped over a futon, idly running her long hand
over the bare skin of her other arm, staring at both of us with
glittering eyes.  ``Toby will get along just fine'' I said.

***

``I want you to fuck me in the ass'' Sil said, gravely.

``Oh yeah?''

``Yeah. For once I'd like to have somebody put it all the way in who
isn't a criminal, or a rapist,  or a lunatic. I'd like to be able to
_choose_ to be fucked in the ass.''

I idly rubbed my cock between her legs, along the backs of her thighs,
up along the crack of her hard, smooth butt. ``How would you take it up
the back passage?'' I murmured. ``If you take it up the ass I'll let
your right hand free, and you can play with yourself. Can you do that?
Hang like that from one hand and be fucked up the ass and frig your
little precious clit for Toby, all at the same time?''

Sil squirmed. ``Do it!'' she rapped. ``Stick it in! I can take it!''

``I'm sure you can'' I said blandly. I nodded to Toby, and she leaned
over and unlatched the cuff around Sil's right wrist. Sil shook her
hand, then flexed it a few times. It was a dangerous-looking hand.
``That hand's for pussy-rubbing only'' I admonished. ``No
sucker-punching me in the heat of sexual combat.''

Sil rolled her eyes at me and dipped her hand into her small, hairless
slot.  She expertly spread her leafy outer labia with two fingers, then
began tickling the opening of her clithood with a third finger.

I, meanwhile, spread, slicked, and packed her tight asshole with lube,
following the rule of thumb (and four other fingers)  I had learned
from fisting experts; twice as much as you think you'll need, and then
that much again. Sil squirmed and twitched as I loaded her entire
behind. The sight of her hard cheeks shining and dripping with lube
made my whole body harder. I toweled off my hands enough to be able to
apply a condom without having it shoot across the room.

Then, we lowered our little nightbird's suspension bar until her trim
little body sank down onto mine.

***

It was glorious. I was seated on a pile of cushions, my legs spread. I
was holding up the tiny woman who was facing away from me, her feet on
my thighs, pistoning up and down on my cock. In the mirror across from
us I could see my glistening penis emerging from between her buns.
Sil's small, powerful hand toyed and teased in and around her sex, now
plunging slim fingers deep inside (to be clearly felt through her small
body by my cock!), now polishing her small lips and delicate clithead.

Suddenly my body began to tell me something. Since it had accurately
told me earlier in the evening  that Sil was lurking in Toby's place, I
figured I had best listen to its current  message. The message was a
chilling one: ``You are doing something wrong!''

I am? What am I doing wrong?

You are fucking a CHILD!

I almost lost it right then and there. Then I worked it out. I had
never had sex with anyone this small--even when _I_ was small. My body
has a set of parameters as to what feels right and what doesn't;
everybody's does. Over the years, I had retrained my body and
consciousness to accept some pretty off-trail sensations--from
alligator clips on the nipples to a male friend's penis up MY
backside--but I had never ever fucked a just-plain _tiny_ person
before!

So, what I was doing--backfilling a 4 foot ten, 90 pound person, with
beginner's tits and a smooth, hairless body--felt an awful lot like an
act I would never consider doing, and horrifiedly condemn on the part
of others.  Thus does the body reserve the right to mess over the
so-called intellect.

I calmed down and got back into the movement of things without saying
anything to either of the women, but I knew that Toby had sensed my
momentary self-squickness. And I knew she would help me sort it out
later, when all the sex had been said and done.

***

Sil hissed ``Still! Just...don't...move! Please...!'' She seemed to peg
her whole body on my condomed cock, arching her back. Her right hand
cupped her entire vulva and squeezed and rubbed, that magical movement
that looks so elementary to  men but feels so profound to women. Sil
literally writhed in my arms, waves of muscular motion seeming to
travel up and down her little body in several directions at the same
time. She made a tiny, high-pitched cry, and spasmed for several
seconds. I was tremendously turned on, but her rectum had such a clamp
on my cock I wasn't sure I would be allowed to come had I begun to do
so. I had silly cartoon visions of a backfire, with semen shooting out
of my ears in two directions a la Screwy Squirrel.

Sil had a magnificent orgasm. She slumped backwards into my arms,
drenched with sweat and anal lube, her free right hand flopping limply
down to her side.  She turned her small head and rubbed her face along
my collarbone. I licked sweat from her shoulder and cheek and gave her
a thousand butterfly kisses. I kissed her closed eyes--a delicious
sensation--and licked her silky eyebrow filaments.

Sil made a growl that turned into a purr. ``You are the baddest
thief-catcher there is'' she replied. She twisted around to look up
into my eyes. ``Did you get off? I couldn't feel whether you came.''

``No, sweet burglar, not yet.'' I grinned into her little upturned
face.  ``How shall we end this? You have been such a good girl up til
now--what's your suggestion for an elegant finish for Starr?''

I looked across at Toby and once again saw the sight that never fails
to thrill me right to the bottom of whatever soul I have left. She was
leaning back against a large cushion, her impossibly long shapely legs
spread wide, her swollen dark red intimate parts gleaming moistly
through a covering of auburn fur. One hand slowly traced along the fat
outer lips of her flowered cunt, while the other hand bestowed
featherlight finger touches on her hard, erect coral nipples. The
expression on Toby's face when she is all the way into herself is
worthy of capture by Da Vinci or Renoir; an expression that seems to
say, Yes, there is a higher purpose to human life, and I have found it,
and it's name is masturbation...

Sil inclined her head, to show that I should listen closely. I brought
my ear to within an inch of her mouth. The first part of the message
was a shocking, wet, pointed tongue, that practically raped my ear with
a few thrusts. While I was breaking up from this assault, she whispered
``I want...a pearl necklace.''

ZZ Top songs? I was momentarily confused. Then I got it.

Toby leaned forward. ``What was that? Did she say what I think...?''

``Yes, an elegant adornment for an elegant criminal'' I said.

***

Sil was retied across our steel mirror, arms and legs tied out
X-fashion. The bonds brought her taut muscles out in vivid relief.  Her
smooth thighs still gleamed with the juice of our previous bout, and
her pure, precious pussy gaped slightly, showing a hint of moisture all
along the meeting of her inner lips. Her tiny, jewellike clit peeped
out from under her swollen, darkened clithood. Because of the leanness
and tone of her behind, I could see, reflected in the mirror surface,
her reddened, slightly stretched asshole, still liberally anointed with
magic lube.

I kneeled astride Sil's waist. Her body was so small and narrow that I
almost didn't have to spread my knees. I pointed my naked, swollen cock
toward her smile.

``Give it to me, please'' Sil said, not like the bratty street kid whom
we had captured. She said it like a lover. ``Give it to me, Starr. I
want my pearl necklace!''

I reached behind me, down between Sil's thighs, and palmed a handful of
assorted anal lube and pussy juice. I covered my cock with this
slippery stuff and began a slow stroking motion. ``I'm glad our lives
came together, bad girl'' I said, feeling a tremendous surge of feeling
over and above the lust and horniness of the moment. ``You are too
sweet to be wasted on B and E,'' I babbled.

Sil's eyes suddenly welled with tears. The second I saw the tears, my
eyes filled also. That was the nexus we had been waiting for, although
we had not known it. With very little further handling on my part, my
orgasm began.  The sensation was exqusite, just the near side of pain.
In dreamlike slowness I watched the jets of semen leap from my cock and
splash, in a perfect pattern, along the throat and collarbones of my
tiny love. The thick fluid did indeed form a pattern of jewellike
tracery on Sil's ivory skin...

...and the tears trickled down, flowed down past her shy, fierce
smile.  The tears flowed down and mingled with the gems of her pearl
necklace, as did my tears also.

***

Sil doesn't burgle any more. I pulled a few wires and Toby pulled a few
more, and the elf that used to slip intrusion alarms now sells and
installs them. It seems only right. Once every couple of months, we get
together and make an entire wonderful evening of it; dinner, dancing
(at which I am not very good and Toby is worse; Sil dances with, and
outdances, the both of us), and steamy, loving, special playroom sex.

One of the many classes of people that Toby knows and can call in
favors from is doctors, of every known variety. For special reasons,
which I may never be able to relate, we know several of the best
cosmetic/plastic surgeons on the coast. Because of this, the last time
but one that we played, Sil was wearing a small bandage over her
damaged nipple, and the last time we played, the first-round
reconstruction had healed, and it looked pretty good, and had about
half the feeling restored.

The NEXT time we play, I get to be the very first person in the whole
world to gently lick and suck Sil's brand new, good-as-original-issue
nipple. (Toby was offered to be the first, but she's touch-shy. But
Toby doesn't have to touch you for you to know that she loves you.) I
figure that honor and pleasure are worth a pearl necklace any night of
the week.

*** end ***
