Archive-name: 3plus/thomas.txt
Archive-author: T.F.Yank
Archive-title: Thomas- Coming of Age (37 Parts)


From: yank@mala.proteus.qc.ca (Flying Yank)
Organization: Mala's Refuge, Montreal, Canada

                     Thomas' Story: Cumin' of Age
                    ------------------------------
                             by T. F. Yank

  ----------------------------[  Disclaimer  ]-----------------------
  The following story is purely fictitious.  Any resemblance to real
  life simply means I got lucky.  It contains consensual and non-
  consensual sex between minors (High School).  If such things offend
  you, please hit 'N' or however you abort reading messages on your
  system.
                       -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                       ***   W A R N I N G   ***
                       -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

  There is a particularly _UGLY_ rape scene depicted in chapters 23 -
  26.  You may wish to skip these chapters if you find such subject
  matter offensive.
                             -----o0o-----

  Due to the length of the entire story (37 chapters in all), Please
  do not ask me to e-mail you any parts that you might have missed.
  Comments, criticisms (constructive or not), and even flames are
  permissable however. (Hell, I've been here for a while and STILL 
  haven't received even one flame.  Starting to feel left out [grin])
  ----------------------------[    Enjoy     ]-----------------------


 -- Chapter One

   Thomas looked in the mirror.  He didn't really like what he saw. 
"Too slim, almost skinny," he thought.  He wondered if he would ever
start filling out.  He worked out daily with weights in hope of having
muscles like his hero, Arnie.
   Now there was a man.  Big, strong, and confident.  Arnie never had
trouble knowing what to do.  He wasn't afraid of anything, let alone
some silly girl.
   Thomas thought Debbie.  He wasn't exactly sure why, or even how, he
had agreed to take her to the movies tonight.  He really didn't like
girls.  Not that he was queer, or anything like that.  Just they seemed
so silly, always giggling and talking.
   Besides, his mom said girls would only lead him straight to hell. 
He didn't exactly understand how that was suppose to happen.  Something
to do with sex.  But his mom insisted girls were the cause of all the
trouble with men.
   Something about why his father had left years ago, when Thomas was
only two.  Something about men being too weak to resist.  True, his
mother was talking about bad girls.  But Thomas didn't understand how
you could tell a good girl from a bad girl.  His mother found something
wrong with all of them.
   And not just the girls his age.  Even old ladies like Mrs. Meyers
across the street.  Heck, she must be over 40.  She had children older
than Thomas.  Her youngest son, Billy, was a year ahead of Thomas in
high school.
   According to his mother, Mrs. Meyers was a plaything of the Devil. 
Something about her entertaining men overnight.  Thomas wasn't exactly
sure what his mother meant by entertaining, but he knew she placed it
right up there with stealing and killing.
   Thomas had a very protective life.  His mother never talked about
sex, except to say it was going to send everyone to hell.  And he felt
very uncomfortable when someone else talked about it too.  At times, it
seemed all his friends at school ever talked about was sex.
   He was teased by the few close friends he had about how little he
knew.  He ignored their taunts when he could, and pretended
indifference the rest of the time.
   Still he had his weak moments.  Sometimes, he would have an erection
when he watched some girl.  He even had the occasional wet dream. 
Whenever that happened, he would get out of bed real early, and make
sure he washed his sheets and pajamas before his mother saw anything.
   He wasn't certain why everyone seemed so excited about sex.  All he
ever felt was discomfort when he had an erection.  Sometimes it even
hurt.  And he was ashamed when he woke to find himself, and his bed,
covered in sticky stuff after one of his dreams.
   He had to admit the feelings he got when he caught a glimpse of some
girl's breasts or thighs did feel good for a short time.  Or the warm
glow he felt when he first woke from one of the dreams.  But the guilt,
and sometimes pain he felt afterward convinced him such things were
definitely wrong.
   He was sure he was doing something wrong now, too.  He didn't know
why he had lied to his mother earlier.  Instead of telling her he was
going to the movie with Debbie, he said he was going with Dale and
Roger.  Well, he was going with the guys, but they also had dates.
   He knew if he had said he was going with a girl, his mother would be
upset.  She would have wanted to know who the girl was.  Was she a good
girl?  Did she attend church regularly?  And a whole bunch of other
questions he didn't really want to hear, or answer.
   Not that Thomas planned on doing anything bad.  Actually, he had
only agreed to go with Debbie because the guys had been teasing him
again.  And he wanted to see the movie.  Arnie was in it.  Some type of
sci-fi flick that was suppose to be real good.
   Thomas quickly finished dressing, and went downstairs.  His mother
was sitting in the living room, reading.  He quietly slipped into the
kitchen to get something to drink.
   "Thomas?  Is that you?"
   "Yes, Mom.  I'm just getting some milk before I leave."
   "Do you have enough money, sweet heart?  You may want to buy
something at the movies.  Or afterwards, you and your friends might
stop for something to eat."
   "It's okay Mom.  I have enough.  I don't expect we'll stop anywhere
afterwards.  But even if we do, I've got enough money."
   "Well okay.  I'm glad to see you going out with those two nice boys. 
Roger is such a perfect gentleman whenever he visits, and Dale teaches
Sunday school.  You can learn a lot from nice boys like that.  I thank
God, every day, you didn't turn out weak like your father."
   Not wanting to hear more of his mother's lecture, Thomas decided he
could wait until he got to the movies for something to drink.  "I gotta
get going, if I don't want to miss the beginning of the movie.  I'll
probably be late, so don't wait up for me."
   "Well, I do like to go to bed early.  But make sure you don't come
home too late.  You never know what kind of devil's spawn are out there
late at night.  You make sure you come straight home afterward.  And
walk on the lighted side of the streets.  Don't talk to strangers and 
. . ."
   "Please Mom, I'll be okay, really.  I'm not a little boy any more. 
I'm 16, almost 17."
   "You are never too old to be careful.  And Satan tempts all ages."
   "Mom, I promise to be very careful.  But I really got to go."
   "Okay.  But aren't you going to give your poor mother a kiss
goodbye?"
   He gave her a quick kiss, and hurried out of the house.  He headed
over to Roger's house.  The two boys were waiting for him.
   "Shit, man, I thought you weren't gonna show," said Dale.
   "Yeah, we thought you were scared off by Debbie's big tits," Roger
added with a chuckle.
   "Knock it off, will you?  We're gonna be late for the movie," Thomas
answered, trying to ignore the jibes.
   "Yeah, we don't wanna keep the girls waiting too long.  I hear
there's a great fuck scene in flick, complete with naked tits and
everything.  Hope it gets Louanne in the mood for later," Rodger said,
grinning.
   "I don't care about tits on film, when I know I'm gonna play with
the real thing," Dale said.
   "I'm sure Sandy and Louanne would be real happy to hear you two
talking that way.  I worry about you sometimes.  All you ever think of
is sex," Thomas said as he started to walk away.
   "Shit, there ain't nothing else but sex.  And someday you'll wake up
to that fact," replied Rodger as he and Dale hurried to catch up to
Thomas.
   They arrived at the movie theater to find the girls waiting. 
Quickly buying tickets, the three couples entered the theater. They
stopped at the candy counter to get popcorn and drinks, and then went
to find seats.  Rodger led them to the back of the theater, choosing
seats near the wall.  Thomas wasn't very happy with where they were
sitting.  But as no one else said anything, he decided not to make an
issue of it.
   No sooner had they settled in their seats when the house lights went
out.  There were the normal promos for upcoming movies, and several
boring commercials.  Finally, the movie started.
   About twenty minutes into the movie, Thomas noticed the other
couples seemed more interested in each other than the movie.  Rodger
and his date were kissing pretty heavily.  Dale and Sandy appeared to
be watching the movie, but Thomas noticed Dale squirming in his seat.
   Pretending to drop something on the floor, Thomas bent down and
stole a quick glance.  Sandy had her hand on the front of Dale's pants,
rubbing his crotch.  Transfixed, Thomas watched as she took Dale's hand
and placed it between her legs.  Thomas quickly straighten up, and
returned his attention to the screen.
   "He sure is big."
   Except for a brief, timid hello when they met outside the theater,
Thomas and Debbie hadn't said a word to each other.  He was startled by
her speaking now.
   "I'm sorry.  You said something?" he stammered.
   "I was talking about the guy on the screen.  He has to have the
biggest arms I've ever seen."
   "He sure does.  He used to be Mr. Universe before he started acting. 
He's one of my heros.  I hope to be just like him when I grow up.  I
work out every day with weights.  But it doesn't seem to help much."
   "You work out?  With weights, and everything?  Are you into that
stuff?"
   "Well I try.  But no matter how much I do it, I never seem to gain
anything."
   "Can I feel your muscles?"
   "Here?  Er . . . I really don't have much muscle.  Really.  There
ain't anything to feel . . ."
   "Comon.  Just make a muscle, and I'll be the judge."
   Feeling foolish, Thomas flexed his arm, and did his best to make his
muscle hard.  The feel of Debbie's hand on his arm sent shivers through
his body.
   "Ooh, that is hard.  I bet you're real strong too."
   Thomas blushed at her comment.  He was glad it was dark so no one
could see him.  "I'm not that strong."
   "How heavy are the weights you use?"
   "It depends on what type of lifting I'm doing.  Normally, I curl
about 75 pounds.  But I can bench press 135."
   "God!  You could pick me up with no sweat.  I weight 98 pounds.  I'm
so fat.  I know I should lose some weight but . . ."
   "You're not fat.  You just have a large frame.  You don't look like
you're carrying a lot of fat.  Some people are just bigger boned than
others."
   "You really think so?  I dunno.  I'm so top heavy.  And my hips are
way too big.  I think my body's ugly."
   "I don't think you're ugly.  You have a very nice body.  Er . . . I
mean  . . ."
   "Oh, you're so sweet.  And you're not weird either."
   "Weird?"
   "I shouldn't have said that.  But some of the kids think you're a
bit weird sometimes.  Obviously, they don't know you very well."
   Thomas was going to ask her who said he was weird, but Debbie hugged
his arm as she placed her head on his shoulder.  Her closeness caused
his mind to go blank.
   He was afraid to move.  The feel of her hair against his cheek, the
smell of her perfume, made him feel a bit dizzy.
   "Can I feel your muscles again?"
   Glad for the distraction, he raised his arm.  Debbie ducked her head
underneath, causing him to involuntarily place his arm around her
shoulders.  She leaned back in her seat, trapping his arm.
   Thomas wasn't sure what to do.  If he removed his arm, she might get
upset.  But he felt awkward.  He wasn't even sure where he should place
his hand.
   Debbie shifted in her seat, her hand reaching up and grasping his,
causing him to hug her tightly.  She again rested her head against his
shoulder.
   "A girl sure feels safe with someone strong like you," she said,
giving his hand a squeeze.
   Thomas tried to pay attention to the movie.  But all he could think
about was how soft she felt.  He glanced at the other couples.  He
couldn't be certain, because of the dim light, but it looked as if Dale
had his hand in Sandy's sweater.  Rodger and Louanne were low in the
seats, and Thomas couldn't see what they were doing.  But he could hear
their kissing and whispered conversation.
   "Oh yes, baby, that feels good.  Oh shit, you're the best," he heard
Rodger say.
   Between the antics of the other couples, and the closeness of
Debbie, Thomas was having a hard time paying attention to what was
happening on the screen.  And to make matters worse, he had an
erection.  He hoped Debbie didn't notice the large bulge in his pants. 
He tried concentrating on the movie, hoping the bulge would go away.
   But the movie wasn't helping matters.  Arnie was making love to this
good looking blond.  Debbie whispered into his ear, "My God, look at
his muscles.  He must be solid as a rock."
   Her hand brushed his leg, causing him to jump.
   "Ooh, so your arms aren't the only big strong muscle you have,"
Debbie whispered as her hand came in contact with his erection.  She
gave it a squeeze before removing her hand.
   Thomas found it impossible to breathe.  He swore someone had turned
on the heat, as sweat seemed to pour from his body.  Debbie, grasping
his hand, drew it down further, and pressed it against her soft breast.
   "Are your hands as big and powerful as his?" she asked as she
pressed his hand tighter against her chest.
   Thomas couldn't take much more of this.  "Excuse me, please.  I have
to go to the bathroom."  He quickly got up, and almost ran to the
lobby.
   He hurried to the bathroom, and locked himself in one of the stalls. 
His heart was pounding so hard he was certain it would explode.  His
breathing was ragged and his head was spinning.
   His mind reeled in confusion.  Should he go back there?  He was
afraid of what Debbie might do next if he went back.  Or should he try
to leave the theater quietly.
   At the same time, he was afraid of the ribbing he knew he would get
from Rodger and Dale if he didn't return to his seat.  And it wouldn't
be fair to Debbie if he left her like that either.
   His heart slowed, and his breathing became easier.  Even his
erection had subsided.  But he could feel the start of the pain he
often had whenever he had erection for any length of time.  As much as
he disliked it, he realized his only option was to go back in there,
and hope the movie would end soon.
   He left the bathroom, and stopped at the candy counter.  He bought
some more popcorn and soda, and made his way slowly back to his seat.
   "Are you okay?" Debbie asked, once he was seated.  "You were gone
for quite a while."
   "Er . . . yeah.  I'm okay.  Just had to visit the men's room. 
Thought you might want some more stuff to eat."
   "Oh Tommy.  You're so thoughtful."  Debbie put her arms around him,
and hugged him.  Her breasts pressed hard against his arm, causing him
to almost drop the drinks and popcorn.
   Thomas tried to sit as far from Debbie as the small seats would
allow.  But she complained of being cold and asked him to put his arm
around her again.  He did so, reluctantly.  She again pulled his hand
down to her breast.
   He was forced to move closer so his arm didn't feel as if it was
being pulled out of its socket.  Debbie responded by placing her head
on his shoulder.  Her hand moved to his knee, and gently stroked it. 
He felt himself becoming hard again.  He placed the popcorn container
on his lap to hide the erection.
   Thankfully, Debbie seemed happy to play with his knee.  He started
to relax, and was, at last, able to pay attention to what was happening
on the screen.
   Again, Arnie was making love to some girl on the screen.  Thomas
wondered if he would ever feel confident enough to do something like
that.  Arnie made it seem so easy.  Made it seem like something
enjoyable.  Not something dirty and evil like his mother was always
talking about.
   "Ooh, that feels so good," Debbie purred in his ear.
   Thomas realized he had been rubbing her breast.  He tried to snatch
his hand away, but Debbie held it tightly.
   "Don't stop.  It feels good when you do it like that.  You're not
like the others.  All they want to do is grab and squeeze.  It hurts
when they do it.  But you, you make me feel all tingly inside."
   Thomas started to tell her how this was all wrong, that they
shouldn't be doing stuff like this.  But as he opened his mouth to
speak, Debbie leaned over and covered his mouth with hers.  Her tongue
slipped into his opened mouth, and searched out his.
   Thomas had never kissed anyone on the lips.  He realized they were
french kissing.  The sensation was not unpleasant.  He tentatively
imitated her flickering tongue movements.  As her tongue retreated, his
followed until he was sure he filled her mouth.  She sucked hard on his
tongue, and he too made sucking motions.
   Her hands clasped tightly behind his neck as she drew him closer. 
His hands wrapped around her shoulders as he continued to return her
kiss with equal passion.  At first, he held his breath, but soon
realized he could breathe comfortably through his nose.  Several
minutes passed before they stopped kissing.
   They sat there in each other's arms, ignoring the movie.  The arm
rest was digging painfully into his lower rib cage, but Thomas was too
lost in these new feelings to care.
   Debbie took the popcorn container and placed it on the floor.  She
took one of his hands and placed it on her breast.  She pulled his face
to hers, slipping her tongue between his lips as her hand sought out
his enlarged shaft through his slacks.
   Thomas lost all sense of time.  His world became one of touch and
taste.  Thoughts of good and evil were pushed aside as his senses
flooded with pleasure.  He never wanted this to stop.
   "Shit.  Don't you two ever come up for air?"
   Thomas heard the words, but their meaning didn't register.  He was
enjoying this new past-time too much to care about the rest of the
world.
   "Hey man.  Comon, the movies over.  It's time to leave."
   It was Debbie who broke their embrace.  "It's over already?  Boy,
they sure make movies short nowadays," she said as she straightened her
blouse.
   "A double feature would have been too short for you two," Rodger
said, winking at Thomas.  He playfully jabbed Thomas on the arm.
"Comon, let's get something to eat before we go home."


 -- Chapter Two

   The three couple left the theater and headed for the local hang-out. 
Debbie snuggled close to Thomas as he put his arm around her shoulder. 
Debbie slowed her walk until the others were about ten feet ahead of
them.
   "Are you very hungry?" she asked.
   "No, not really.  Why?"
   "I don't want anything to eat either."
   "You don't have to eat anything, if you don't want to."
   "Yeah, I know.  But I don't want to go there."
   "It's kind of early to go home," Thomas said, feeling disappointed. 
"But if that's what you want . . ."
   "I don't want to go home yet, either."
   "But if you don't want to go home, and you don't want to . . ."
   "I thought we could take a walk through the park.  Just the two of
us," Debbie offered, her hand caressing his cheek.
   "The park?  There ain't nothing to do there,"  Thomas replied,
feeling uncomfortable at her touch.
   "Yes there is," Debbie replied coyly, her hand moving down to his
chest.  Glancing around to make sure no one was watching, her hand
dropped to his crotch and gave it a gentle squeeze. 
   Realizing what she intended, Thomas called out, "Hey guys, wait up."
   Debbie quickly removed her hand, and nearly had to run to keep up
with Thomas.  Catching up to the others, he said, "Debbie's not feeling
too well.  And I guess I had better take her home."
   "You're not well?" Sandy asked Debbie.
   "Guess I'm just tired.  I figure I'd better just go home."
   "Maybe we should go with you," said Louanne.
   "No!  I mean . . . that ain't necessary.  Tommy will take me home. 
No reason for the rest of you to screw up your evening.  I'm not sick,
or nothing like that.  Just tired."
   "If you're sure you don't need us along?" asked Louanne, glancing at
Thomas.
   Debbie caught Louanne's meaning and shook her head.  "No, really. 
I'll be okay.  You go ahead.  I'll see you tomorrow."
   Saying goodbye, the others took off.  When they were out of sight,
Debbie grabbed Thomas' hand.
   "Comon.  I'll race you."
   Thomas had little trouble keeping up with her.  He could have easily
left her far behind, but it seemed to make her happy to think she was
beating him.  They arrived at the entrance to the park, breathless from
laughing.  Thomas was surprised, and a bit disappointed, to see so many
other couples walking around.
   Debbie noticed his disappointment.  She said, "Don't worry.  I know
a special place where there ain't so many people.  Comon, follow me."
   She led Thomas away from the main path to a clump of evergreen
trees.  Looking around to make certain no one was watching, she ducked
under the low branches and disappeared into the trees.  He followed. 
He had to crawl for a ways, but finally came into a small clearing. 
Debbie was waiting for him.
   "Isn't this perfect?" she asked.  "No one can see in here, and we'd
hear someone coming long before they got here."
   Thomas looked around.  The clearing was about 6 feet across.  The
ground was covered in pine needles.  The area was lit by one of the
nearby street lights.  Not a lot, but enough so they could see one
another.
   Thomas stood looking at Debbie, not quite certain what to do next. 
Debbie moved closer and wrapped her arms around his waist.
   "I guess you can show me your muscle now."
   Thomas didn't understand why she was so interested in his muscles. 
But if that was what she wanted?  He raised his arm and flexed.
   Debbie laughed.  "That ain't exactly the muscle I had in mind.  But
it'll do for starters."
   Slipping her hands under his shirt, she pulled it up to his chest. 
Her hands caressed his chest as her lips sought one of his nipples. 
The touch of her lips sent shivers down his spine.  His hands went to
her breasts, and in his urgency, he squeezed them.
   Debbie pushed him away.  "No!  Not like that.  Be gentle.  Like you
were before.  Here," she said, pulling him to the center of the
clearing.  "Take off your shirt, and come lie down here."
   Thomas tore at his shirt as Debbie removed her blouse.  She kneeled
on the ground, waiting for him to join her.
   "Now take off my bra.  No, it hooks in the front.  See?  There.  Now
gently remove it.  Okay.  Now gently touch them.  Yeah, like that. 
God, that feels good.  Now kiss them.  No, not like that.  Use your
tongue too.  Yeah, that's it.  Don't stop using your hands.  Do both. 
Yeah, like that.  God, you're good.  Suck my nipples.  Ooh, that feels
good.  Now the other one."
   Thomas followed her directions, enjoying everything she asked him to
do.  He couldn't believe how sweet she tasted.  He marvelled at the
silky texture of her skin.  And when her nipples started to harden
under his touch, he worked even harder.
   Debbie's hands went to his belt.  She struggled to undo it without
success.  "Damn, how do you take this sucker off?  Comon, give me a
hand here."
   Thomas didn't want to stop playing with her breasts.  But her
squirming made it difficult.  He reached down and undid the belt
buckle.  Debbie's hands undid the button of his pants and then opened
the zipper.  She tugged at his pants until he raised his hips to allow
her to pull them down.  Her hands grabbed the waistband of his boxer
shorts and pulled them down too.
   "Now that's the muscle I'm really interested in.  Oh, the poor
thing.  He looks so red and angry.  Maybe if I give him a little kiss,
he won't feel so bad."
   Thomas watched in amazement as Debbie lowered her head to his penis. 
She took the tip into her mouth.  He found it almost impossible to
breathe.  His heart was racing so fast he was sure it would burst.
   "No!  Please!  You shouldn't do that," he managed to say.
   Debbie raised her head and looked at him.  Her hands grasped his
shaft tightly and moved up and down its length.
   "I shouldn't?  But I thought you'd like it.  The other boys always
want me to do this."
   "No you shouldn't.  It's bad.  It's a sin."
   "But doesn't it feel good?  Don't you like it when I do this?" she
asked as she lowered her head once again and sucked hard on the tip of
his enlarged penis.
   "Oh God, yes," he groaned.  "But it isn't proper.  We shouldn't be
doing this."
   "Haven't you ever done this before?" Debbie asked.
   "No," he replied timidly.
   "Are you queer?"
   "I am not queer!  Why does everyone think I'm queer just because I
don't like doing stuff like this?"
   "But you do like it.  You said so yourself.  Are you still a
virgin?"
   "I didn't mean that.  I meant that it wasn't . . ."
   "You are a virgin, aren't you?"
   "Yes, of course, I'm a virgin.  Sex is something you save for
marriage, and than only to have children."
   "You can still have sex, and be a virgin.  I do it all the time.  As
long as you don't fuck, you're still a virgin.  You can do almost
anything else, and still be a virgin.  I'm a virgin."
   "You are?" Thomas asked, astonished.
   "You don't have to looked so surprised.  What type of girl do you
think I am, anyways?  And here I thought you were different.  You're
just like all the rest.  Just because I . . ."
   Debbie started to cry.  Thomas wasn't sure what he should do.  He
certainly didn't want her to be upset.  Taking her gently in his arms,
he said, "Please don't cry.  I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to upset you."
   "But you think I'm dirty just because I like to play a little bit. 
I just wanted to show you how much you mean to me.  I don't do this
with every guy I go out with.  I thought you were special."
   "I'm sorry Debbie, really I am.  I don't think you're dirty.  I
think you're kind of special too."
   "You do?  Oh, Tommy.  You're so sweet.  Couldn't we play just a
little bit?"
   "I dunno."
   "Don't you want to play with my titties again?  You can suck them
all you want.  And you can even squeeze them, if you really want to."
   "Oh, I couldn't do that.  You said it hurt that way.  But I wouldn't
mind just rubbing them a little.  And maybe kissing the tips, they
taste so sweet."
   Debbie pulled his face to her chest, and thrust one of her breasts
against his lips.  Thomas again marvelled at the silky feel of her bare
skin as his mouth closed around her nipple.  Debbie's hands once again
grasped his penis and gently massaged it.
   Thomas knew what they were doing was bad.  But it did feel good, and
he certainly didn't want to upset her again.  So he continued to kiss
and caress her breasts as her hands continued to play with his penis.
   "Ooh, you make me so hot," Debbie moaned.
   Concerned he had done something wrong, he raised his head and said,
"I'm sorry.  I didn't mean . . ."
   "No, don't stop," she pleaded as she pressed his face back to her
breasts.  "You are so silly sometimes.  I meant you make me feel good. 
Especially down here between my legs, good and hot."
   Thomas didn't quite understand what she was talking about.
   Seeing the questioning look on his face, Debbie asked, "Haven't you
ever seen a pussy?"
   "No.  It's not right for someone to . . ."
   "Will you stuff that goody two-shoes routine?  If I want a sermon,
I'll go listen to Preacher Walters on Sunday.  All I want to know is do
you want to see mine?"
   "Well, I . . . er . . ."
   "God, you're hopeless.  I was trying to explain to you what I meant
when I said you make me feel hot.  Here, I'll show you."
   Debbie stood up and removed her skirt.  She started to lower her
panties.  Instead she stopped and knelt near Thomas' face.  "You do it. 
Here give me your hands."
   Thomas allowed Debbie to take his hands and place them at her waist. 
He hooked a finger into the waistband of her panties and pulled them
down slowly.  He found himself staring directly at her uncovered
vagina.  Debbie giggled and said, "So what do you think?"
   Thomas didn't know what to think.  He never imagined it would be so
hairy.  You really couldn't see much through the hair.  But he
remembered how upset she had been before, and didn't want to say
anything to upset her again.
   "I don't know.  This is the first time I've ever seen one."  He
reached up and gently touched her pubic hair.  "Your hair is very soft. 
Softer even then the hair on your head."
   "Do you think it's pretty?" she asked.
   Thomas didn't think it looked particularly pretty, but this was the
first time he had seen one, so he really didn't know.  But he certainly
didn't want to upset her by say no.
   "Yes, very pretty."
   "When I said before you made me feel hot, I meant you made my pussy
feel hot, hot and wet.  Here, gimme your hand, again."
   Debbie took his offered hand and pressed it against her vagina. 
"Can you feel the heat?  Can you feel how wet I am?"
   Thomas was surprised to find out she was right.  Her vagina was
indeed quite warm and slick.  Debbie rubbed his hand up and down
against herself.
   "Oooh, that feels so good.  I sometimes wish I could do this all
day.  Sometimes at night, I lay in bed and play with myself.  The
feeling you get is unbelievable.  But it's even better if someone does
it to you.  Do you ever play with yourself?"
   "My God, no!  It's . . ."  Thomas saw Debbie frown as he was about
to say how dirty it was.  He thought better of it, and said instead,
"The feelings I get aren't pleasant.  Actually, all I ever felt was
pain."
   "Pain?  Where does it hurt?"
   "Well, it's hard to explain.  But I guess I feel the pain in my . .
. er . . . testicles."
   "Your testicles?  Oh you mean your balls.  Blue balls."
   "Pardon?" he asked.
   "You have blue balls."
   Thomas quickly looked down between his legs.  "My balls aren't
blue."
   Debbie laughed.  "I don't believe you.  Blue balls don't mean you
have blue balls.  It's just an expression.  It's what guys get when
they don't come."  She reached down and gently took his testicles in
her hand.  "Do you have pain now?"
   "Well, not much.  But I bet I will later."
   "I can fix that."
   "You can?  How?"
   "Never mind.  But first you have to promise to do something for me."
   "I dunno.  What do you want me to do?"
   "Remember how you played with my titties?  Remember how you used
your mouth and tongue and your hands?"
   "Yeah.  You want me to do that again?"
   "Yeah, but not to my titties.  Do it to my pussy."
   "I can't do that.  That's . . ."
   Debbie gently squeezed his testicles.  "You don't want the pain
again, do you?"
   "You're hurting me," he gasped.
   "Not as much as you'll feel later unless I take care of you.  Comon,
you liked playing with my titties.  What's the difference?  And I
promise not only won't you have any pain later, but you'll really like
what I'm going to do."
   Thomas thought for a moment.  He'd already sinned by touching a
girl's breasts.  Worse than that, he had actually kissed and licked
them.  And he had liked it.  He had touched a girl's vagina, and even
had her kiss his penis.
   How much worse could it be if he did what she was asking.  And if
she could actually get rid of the pain?  Spawn of the Devil was what he
was.  If his mother ever found out.  He didn't want to think what would
happen if she did.
   "Well.  Maybe just a little.  If I only did it a little, would that
be okay?"
   "No.  You have to do it until I say it's enough.  Otherwise, you can
just get rid of your pain yourself."  To emphasis her words, she again
gently squeezed his testicles.
   "Okay!  Okay, I'll do it.  But you got to promise you'll make sure I
don't get any pain."
   "Don't worry about it.  Here, let me get into a better position." 
Debbie lay propped up on one elbow.  She rolled over onto her hip and
raised one leg.  She reached out and slowly pushed his face between her
legs.
   Thomas wasn't sure what he was suppose to do.  He parted her hair,
revealing the deep pink slit beneath.  Using his fingers, he gently
pried apart her vaginal lips and pressed his mouth against the hot
flesh.
   "Oh yes, that's it.  Kiss it.  Yeah like that.  Now your tongue. 
Run it up and down.  That's it.  Oh, that feels so good."
   Thomas was surprised to find out it wasn't as bad as he thought it
would be.  Again he marvelled at the feel of her vagina.  His nostrils
were assaulted by a thick, musky odor.  He found he was excited by the
taste and smell.
   Debbie continued to utter encouragements as she wrapped her leg
around his head, forcing his face tighter against her vagina.  Her hand
no longer squeezed his testicles, but rather caressed and stroked them,
and his shaft.  Thomas felt himself shudder as her nails scraped along
the underside of his engorged shaft.
   "Oh God, it feels so good.  I can't believe you've never done this
before.  You're making me so hot.  Stick your tongue in deeper.  Oh
God, please don't stop."
   Thomas explored the wet, hot slit beneath him.  His tongue probed
deeply and he was rewarded as he felt her squirm beneath him.  He
continued to kiss and suck the silky skin.  He discovered a small
protrusion at the top of her slit.  He took it gently between his lips
and sucked it.
   "Oh Tommy!  Yes, God, yes.  Suck my clit.  Oh please don't stop. 
I'm so close."
   He teased her clitoris, lashing it with his tongue.  His lips
trapped it between them as he flicked his tongue as fast as he could
against it.  Debbie's hips started to thrash wildly, but he managed to
keep his mouth glued to her now sopping wet slit.
   "Oh God.  I think I'm coming.  Oh Tommy, you're so good.  You're
driving me crazy.  Damn, I am coming!"
   Debbie started rocking back and forth.  Thomas thought she would
break his neck, her legs were so tightly wrapped around his head.  But
somehow he managed to continue to tongue her clit until she finally
stopped moving.  He heard her sobbing and pulling his head from her
legs, he moved to face her.
   "Don't cry.  I'm sorry.  Did I do something wrong?  Did I hurt you?"
   "Oh no, Tommy.  You didn't hurt me."
   "Then what's wrong?  Why are you crying?"
   "I don't know why.  No one has ever done that to me before.  Oh,
some of the guys would kiss and suck me down there for a bit, but they
only did it so I'd do them.  But you were the first to make me come. 
I've come playing with myself, but nothing like what you just did.  It
was so beautiful.  I've never felt anything like it."
   Thomas leaned over and kissed the tears on her cheeks.  Debbie
reached up and wrapped her arms around him.  Her lips sought his and
they kissed deeply.  Thomas loved the feel of her breasts as they
pressed against his chest.  And the warmth of her body as his penis
rubbed against her stomach.
   Debbie pushed him away.  The cool night air washed across his body,
causing him to shiver involuntarily.  He tried to pull her back into
his arms, wanting the warmth of her body.
   "No.  Now it's your turn.  I promised to take care of you so you
wouldn't have any pain."
   "That's okay.  I'm not feeling any pain now.  You don't have to do
anything.  I'll be okay."
   "No, I promised.  And besides, after what you just did to me, I want
to.  Now you just lie down there and let me do you."
   Thomas had an idea what she was planning.  As Debbie moved so her
face was resting on his thighs, he was certain what was going to happen
next.  One hand reached out and gently grasped his still erect shaft. 
The other softly fingered his testicles.
   Thomas felt himself shudder.  Debbie continued to stroke and caress
his penis and testicles.  She raised herself slightly so she could
bring her mouth closer.  Her tongue snaked out and licked his
testicles.
   Thomas was going mad.  He had to touch something.  He reached out
and grabbed her hip, drawing it closer.  His hands went to her buttocks
and squeezed them.  Debbie moved her body so her parted legs were
before his face.
   He buried his face in her vagina.  Suddenly he felt something warm
and wet envelope his shaft and a moan escaped from his mouth.  He
lightly kissed her still wet slit, and his tongue again found her
tender clit.
   His testicles seemed to swell until he was sure they would burst. 
The more excited he became from Debbie's mouth, the harder he tried to
return the favor.  Debbie again started to squirm beneath him.  He
didn't know what was going to happen, but he was certain it would
happen soon.
   The pressure building in his groin was becoming unbearable.  He had
never known pleasure this intense before.  He wished it could go on
forever.
   His testicles contracted as he felt something explode from his
throbbing penis.  He realized he was coming.  He felt Debbie's mouth
suck extra hard as he continued to spurt into it.  He renewed his
sucking of her clit and continued to bask in the intense pleasure he
felt.
   Debbie rolled over on top of him, her hips grinding against his face
as her head bobbed up and down on his penis.  She finally raised her
head and pleaded, "Just a little more.  I'm almost there again.  My
God, I've never come twice before in my life."
   Thomas forced his tongue as deep as he could into her wet slit.  His
hand moved down and grasped her breast.  His fingers sought out her
nipple and rolled it between them.  Debbie bounced up and down on his
face, softly calling out his name.
   "Oh, Tommy.  You're so good.  Oh Tommy, my sweet, sweet Tommy."  Her
movements became less frantic until she finally stopped moving all
together.
   "Oh God, Tommy.  I can't believe you made me come twice.  I knew
right off tonight you were special.  I just never dreamed how special." 
She gave his now limp penis a kiss, and cradled his testicles gently in
her hands.
   "Can I see you again?  Tomorrow night, maybe?" she asked.  She
turned to face him, her hand softly caressed his face.
   "Well, I guess so.  I might have to go to church with my mother
after supper for a while.  But it should only be for about an hour.  I
could meet you after, say about 8:30?"
   "That would be great.  If you meet me at Louanne's house, we could
come right here.  She's just across from the park, the big white
house?"
   "Yeah, I know it.  I'll meet you there."
   "Shit, look at the time.  I'm gonna get hell when I get home.  We
better hurry up."
   They quickly dressed and left their hiding place.  Debbie placed
Thomas' arm around her as they walked out of the park towards her home.
   "Debbie?  About tonight, I've never done anything like that before. 
I hope you don't think I do stuff like that all the time."
   "Well you sure were good at it.  You're so gentle, so considerate. 
I hope you at least enjoyed it."
   "Enjoyed it?  Gosh, it was the greatest thing I've ever known.  You
know so much, and I know so little.  I just wish there was some way I
could show you how special it really was."
   "I can."
   "You can what?"
   "Think of a way you can show me.  You weren't the only one who felt
great.  And wait 'til you see what I've got planned for us tomorrow
night."
   "What?"
   "I'm not going to tell you.  It'll be a surprise.  Give you
something to look forward to.  Gimme a kiss here.  I don't want my
father to see you if he's looking out the front window."
   Thomas leaned over and kissed her cheek.
   "Hey!  You call that a kiss?  This is a kiss," she said, pressing
her body tight against him.  She crushed her mouth against his, her
tongue thrusting deep within his mouth.  Her hand reached down and
rubbed his penis through his clothes. Before he could react, she broke
the embrace and ran towards her house.
   "I'll see you in school tomorrow," she called to him as she
disappeared from sight.
   Thomas stood for a moment, his mind in turmoil.  The feelings he
felt, the things he had done this night came rushing back to him.  He
knew he should feel guilty for all the sinful things they did.  But for
some reason, he didn't.  Actually he felt as if he was walking on
clouds.  He remembered the feel
of Debbie's mouth on his penis.  He remembered the taste of her hot
vagina.  As he walked home, he felt his penis stiffen, and enjoyed the
sensation of it rubbing against his clothing.
   When he arrived home, he entered through the back door.  Quietly he
climbed the stairs to his room.  He slipped into the bathroom and
washed.  His mind kept replaying the things he and Debbie had done. 
His penis was fully erect again and his hand gently stroked it as he
remembered Debbie doing.
   "Thomas?  Is that you, Thomas?"
   Startled, he banged his knee against the shower.
   "Thomas?  Are you okay?"
   "Yes, Mom.  I just banged into the shower door."
   "Are you just getting home?  It's so late?"
   "Well, er . . .  we kinda hung around, and talked about the movie. 
I didn't mean to be this late, but I didn't realize the time."
   "Hurry up to bed.  You have school in the morning.  I had better not
have to call you twice, young man."
   "I'm sorry, Mom.  I didn't mean to stay out this late, really."
   "Well, okay.  But morning does come early.  So hurry up and get to
bed."
   "I'm just going now, Mom.  See you in the morning."
   "Good night, sweet heart.  And don't forget your prayers before you
get into bed."
   "I won't.  Good night Mom."
   "Good night, Thomas."
   He quickly went to his room.  Changing into his pajamas, he climbed
into bed.  But sleep was the furthest thing from his mind.  All he
could think of was Debbie.  He kept seeing her naked before him.
   "My God," he thought, "What have I turned into?  A sex maniac, a
follower of the Devil?"  But he still couldn't remove her naked body
from his mind's eye.  He was fantasizing about what they would do the
next night, when he finally drifted off to sleep.


 -- Chapter Three

   "Damn it all, it's not fair," Debbie thought as she hurried to meet
Louanne.  "I was only a half hour late.  Dad had no right to ground me
for that.  Shit, now I have to tell Tommy we can't meet tonight.  Or
any night for the next week, for that matter."
   Louanne was waiting for her at the corner.  They said hello and
started walking to school.
   "You sure look like you're in a real bitchy mood this morning," said
Louanne.
   "I've had better mornings," Debbie replied.
   "What's wrong?"
   "I've been grounded for a week."
   "A week?  Shit.  How come?"
   "Just because I got home a little late last night.  I was only a
half hour past curfew."
   "You were late last night?  But you went home early.  You did go
straight home after you left us last night, didn't you?"
   "Well . . . not exactly."
   "What do you mean not exactly?  Oh my god!  You weren't with weird
Tom all that time, were you?  You were, weren't you?  Where did you two
go?  What did you do?"
   "Don't call him weird Tom.  He ain't weird.  He's really nice."
   "Nice?  Are you sure you're feeling okay?  The guy's a geek.  I
never could understand why Rodger and Dale hang around with him.  Okay,
I admit he ain't bad looking.  But everyone knows he's weird.  Him and
his mother.  Christ, she's even crazy, going around telling people how
they're going to hell and all that stuff."
   "Look, I'm telling you he ain't weird.  He's just different, that's
all.  He's very considerate and sensitive."
   "Yeah, right.  So what did you do that you were so late getting
home?"
   "Nothing much."
   "Hey, comon.  We always tell each other everything.  Don't I tell
you every detail of what I and Rodger do?"
   "I guess so."
   "Of course I do.  I never keep anything from you, you know that. 
And you shouldn't keep anything from me either."
   "Yeah, I guess so.  What did you and Rodger do last night?"
   "Hey, I asked you first."
   "Yeah, but I asked you last.  Tell me first, and then maybe I'll
tell you."
   "Shit.  Okay.  After Sandy and Dale took off, we went over to the
school yard.  We necked for awhile, and then he took me home."
   "That was every detail?  What do you mean you necked?"
   "Oh, you know."
   "Every detail was what you said."
   "Okay, okay.  He played with my boobs for a while and finger fucked
me while I sucked him off."
   "Did you come?"
   "No.  As usual, he came before I even got started.  You know he's
not interested in anything after that."
   "Did you swallow it?"
   "God no!  What do you think I am?"
   "Has he ever made you come?"
   "Well, once it almost happened.  He wanted me to suck him, but I
refused unless he did the same to me.  Unfortunately, he came too
quickly, and he wouldn't do me after that.  But enough about me and
Rodger.  I want to hear about weird Tom."
   "You're not going to believe this, but he ate me out twice.  And
made me come both times."
   "Shit no.  Are you serious?"
   "God, I couldn't believe it the first time.  But when he did it the
second time, too, I thought I'd gone mad.  You can't believe what it
felt like.  Hell, I've done it myself, but it was nothing like when he
did it.  Talk about your earth moving.  I had two major earthquakes
last night."
   "Who would have thought a geek like him could do something like
that.  I bet his mother would go ape shit if she ever found out.  What
else did you do?"
   "Well the second time, we did it sixty-nine.  And I swallowed every
bit of his cum."
   "You didn't.  How could you?"
   "It wasn't that bad.  And I kinda felt like I should, considering he
was making me come too."
   "My god, Debbie.  If I could get Rodger to make me come, I wouldn't
mind being grounded for a month."
   "Yes you would.  I was suppose to see Tommy tonight.  Now I can't
see him for a whole week.  It ain't fair.  Just thinking about him and
his sweet mouth, has me all wet."
   "Yeah, that's too bad.  But maybe we can come up with something in
the mean time."
   "Like what?"
   "I dunno.  But let me think on it for a while."
   The two girls arrived at school and headed to their first class. 


 -- Chapter Four

   Thomas met Rodger and Dale on the way to school.
   "Hey man, too bad your date quit on you so early last night,"
commented Rodger.
   "Yeah, and you were looking good there for awhile.  I saw you
groping her tits there in the theater," added Dale.
   "I didn't grope her . . . er . . . breasts in the theater," Thomas
replied defensively."
   "Like hell you didn't," Rodger chuckled.  "Shit, for a while there I
thought you thought she was a cow needing milking."
   "Yeah, you sure were going to town there.  I had hoped you would
have had a chance after the movie to do some serious stuff.  She seemed
pretty interested in you.  And the word is she's pretty easy.  Rodge
and I figured, if you were gonna get anywhere, Debbie was the one."
   "She's not like that at all.  She's a good girl.  She's sweet and
very nice."
   "Oops, looks like Tom is stuck on her.  What do you think, Dale?"
   "Yeah, it look that way to me, too."
   "Look Tom," said Rodger, "don't get hooked on her.  She's easy. 
Hell, I hear she sucks cock all the time, and even swallows the cum. 
She's okay to fuck around with, but don't get serious or nothing like
that with her."
   "You've no right to talk about her like that.  Even if she does do
stuff like that, it doesn't mean she's a bad girl.  Hell, you brag all
the time how Louanne does it to you."
   "Watch your fuckin' mouth, man.  Me and Louanne are in love. 
Besides she never swallows it.  Good girls just don't."
   "Yeah," added Dale.  "Sandy and I have been going out for ages, and
all she'll do is jerk me off.  Rodge is right.  Only sluts swallow it."
   "Look," Rodger said, "we're just trying to make sure you don't make
a mistake.  You wanna get your rocks off, okay.  Debbie's the girl for
that.  Just don't go off half cocked and get serious over her.  She
ain't worth it."
   "You two don't know anything.  Debbie's a nice girl.  And I am not
making a mistake.  In fact, the only mistake I've made was hanging
around with two ass-holes like you two."
   "Fuck you if that's the way you feel.  Just don't come running back
to us when you finally realize what a slut she really is,"  Rodger
answered, angrily.
   Thomas felt tears of anger well up in his eyes.  He broke into a
run, leaving the two boys behind.
   "Boy, he sure looked pissed off," Dale said to Rodger.
   "Yeah.  But he'll get over it.  He always does.  I just hope he
doesn't get too fucked up over Debbie."
   "Does she really swallow it?" asked Dale.
   "That's what Billy Jenkins said."
   "God, that must really be something.  I wonder if she fucks too?"
   "Probably.  You know if they do one thing, they usually do it all."
   "Yeah, a slut will do anything."
   "Mind you, that's one slut I wouldn't mind doing me.  And her tits,
they're so big.  Louanne's are tiny next to hers.  God, I'd love to
bury my face in them.  Or better yet, my cock."
   "Yeah, but Louanne would skin you alive if she ever found out."
   "Oh yeah?  And who'd tell her.  You?  I could just as easily tell
Sandy about the time I caught you with your hand up Karen's skirt."
   "Hey, we didn't do nothing.  I was just trying to get rid of her."
   "Yeah right.  You have a pretty strange way of getting rid of
someone."
   "Besides, I'd never say anything to Louanne.  We're buddies.  And
buddies don't tell on each other."
   "Right.  And after I've had a go at Debbie, you might as well do it
too."
   "You think so?  God, I always wanted someone to suck me off.  And if
she fucks too?"
   "I'll let you know, don't worry.  Like you said, buddies help each
other out."
   "But what about Tom?  He seems kinda stuck on her.  It doesn't seem
fair, us cutting in on him like that."
   "Hey, we're only doing it for his own good.  How else we gonna prove
to him she ain't nothing but a slut."
   "Yeah, you're right.  Like you said, buddies have to help each
other.  You really think you can get Debbie to go out with you?"
   "No problem, man.  Once I turn on the charm, the slut'll come in her
pants.  After that, she'll do anything I want.  But I ain't planning on
going out with her.  If Louanne ever found out, she'd kill me."
   "But how you gonna get together with her if you don't take her out?"
   "All I need is to get her alone behind the school one time."
   "But what about me?"
   "Don't worry.  Once I'm finished with her, she'll do whatever I
want.  I ain't never met a girl yet I can't get to do what I ask."
   The two boys continued to plan what they would do with Debbie as
they approached the school.


 -- Chapter Five

   Thomas was still furious after his second class.  Rodger and Dale
had no right to talk about Debbie that way.  They didn't even know her
that well.  She wasn't a slut.  Okay, so maybe she did do stuff like
they said.  But she said she was still a virgin.  That was something.
   But he knew what they had done last night was a sin.  He felt
confused.  How could anything so wonderful be bad.  His mom was always
talking about how the Devil tempted people with pleasure.  And how sex
was the greatest temptation of all.
   But when he remembered how sweet Debbie looked when she cried
afterward, he just couldn't imagine her as a follower of Satan.  And he
knew he wasn't one either.  All he knew was he wished he was alone with
her right now.
   They didn't have a class together until after lunch.  But he'd
probably see her at lunchtime anyway.  And again later tonight.
   All he could think about was what they would do.  Debbie had
promised that they would do something special.  How anything could be
better than what they had already done, he couldn't imagine.
   He had a hard time paying attention during the next two classes. 
When the final morning bell rang, he rushed to the cafeteria, searching
for Debbie.  He saw Rodge and Dale on the way, but ignored them. 
Debbie was standing with Louanne at the cafeteria entrance.  Seeing
Thomas, she ran to meet him.
   "Hi," she said as she kissed him on the cheek.
   He felt himself turning red.  "Please Debbie, not here."
   "Oh, I'm not good enough for you, now?  I was okay last night."
   "No. That's not what I meant.  It's just that . . ."
   "Oh, you don't want the others to see us together?  I understand. 
Most of other guys felt that way too."
   "No, that's not it either.  It's just I've never done that before. 
I guess I feel kinda embarrassed."
   "You're ashamed of me?"
   "No, never!  I guess I'm a bit shy, that's all.  I don't mind being
seen with you at all.  Matter of fact, I think it's kinda nice."
   "Nice enough to give me a kiss?"
   "Yeah, I guess so."
   "A real kiss?  Or would you rather people didn't know we are kinda
going together?"
   "Going together?"
   "Yeah.  I figured after last night, you know . . ."
   "Gee. I guess you're right.  Hey, I've never gone with anyone
before.  It's a nice thought."
   "Well, now that's settled, what about that kiss?"
   "Sure," replied Thomas, giving her a peck on the cheek.
   "I said a real kiss.  If you can't do better than that, maybe I
should find someone else?"
   Thomas reached out and pulled her closer.  His lips pressed against
hers.  Debbie's tongue pushed it's way through his lips.  Thomas forgot
where he was as his hands grasped her waist.
   "You two better stop that shit before one of the teachers comes
along," Louanne said.
   "Oh hi, Louanne," Thomas said sheepishly, as he and Debbie
separated.
   "Did you tell him yet?" Louanne asked Debbie.
   "Tell me what?" asked Thomas.
   "Well, about tonight," Debbie said.
   "What about tonight?"
   "I can't see you tonight.  I got grounded for getting home so late
last night."
   "Gee, I'm sorry.  I guess it was my fault.  I should have gotten you
home earlier."
   "It wasn't your fault.  Besides, I didn't want to go home earlier. 
Hell, I didn't want to go home when I did.  I just wish you could have
continued doing what you did all night."
   "Debbie, please.  Not in front of Louanne."
   "Oh, it's okay.  She knows everything."
   "Everything?" asked Thomas, as he glanced at Louanne.
   "Debbie and I never keep secrets.  And when she said everything, she
meant it," Louanne replied.
   Thomas blushed and looked away from Louanne's knowing smile.
   "And from what she told me, you ain't got nothing to be ashamed of
either."
   "Comon Lou, don't tease the poor guy.  If I didn't know better, I'd
think you were jealous."
   "Jealous?  Me?  Why should I be jealous?"
   "Well, maybe you ain't so happy with your boyfriend."
   "I ain't got no complaints with Rodger.  And if you don't watch your
mouth, I ain't gonna come up with a plan."
   "A plan?" asked Thomas, not quite following the conversation, but
happy it had turned away from what he and Debbie had done the night
before.
   "Yeah.  Lou thinks she can come up with something so we can see each
other even though I'm grounded."
   "Really?  You think so?" Thomas asked Louanne.
   "Well, I ain't sure.  But there has to be something.  I may need
some time, but I'll figure out something."
   "I'd really appreciate it," Thomas said hopefully.  "I don't know
how we'll manage if we can't see each for a whole week except here at
school." 
   "Hey I know.  My step-mom has to go out of town for a couple of days
tomorrow.  What if we cut a class or two tomorrow afternoon.  You two
could at least spend a couple of hours together.  And no one would see
you at my place."
   "I don't know," said Thomas.  "I've never skipped school before."
   "Hey that's a great idea, Lou.  Comon Tommy.  It's either that, or
nothing 'til next week.  I don't want to wait that long.  And don't
forget the special something I promised."
   "But I've never done anything like that before."
   "It'll be fun, I promise you.  Like the stuff you never did before
last night."
   "But how do we get out of school?  Won't they notice we're gone?" he
asked.
   "Shit, that ain't a problem," Louanne said.  "We simply take off at
lunchtime.  And we forge a note for each other saying we had a doctor's
appointment, or something like that.  It ain't no big deal.  We've done
it dozens of times.  No one ever checks."
   "Please Tommy?  For me?" pleaded Debbie.
   "Well, if you're sure we won't get caught," he answered, still not
quite decided.
   "Oh, you're so sweet," Debbie said as she kissed him.
   "Why don't you two go for a walk or something," Louanne suggested. 
"If you keep that up, some teacher is bounded to catch you."
   "Comon Tommy.  I ain't really hungry anyways.  We can take a walk
over to the playing field."
   They told Louanne they would see her later and left the school. 
They walked quickly, Debbie leading.  Once they reached the bleachers
at the side of the field, Debbie led them underneath.
   "It ain't quite as private as our special spot in the park, but
it'll have to do," she said as she wrapped her arms around him.  She
pressed her mouth to his, and kissed him deeply.  Her hand unzipped his
pants and reached for his penis.
   "Debbie please, not here.  What if someone comes?"
   "I sure hope someone comes, and that someone better be me."  She
sank to her knees in front of him and took his penis into her mouth. 
She pulled on his hips, forcing him to the ground.
   The feel of her mouth, as it swallowed his now hard shaft, caused
him to forget the rest of the world.  Debbie positioned herself so she
lay opposite him.  She raised her skirt and lowered her panties,
presenting him with her hairy vagina.
   "Do me like last night.  Please Tommy?"
   He was only too willing to oblige as he sank his face between her
legs.  Their mouths and tongues devoured each other's love organs as
they franticly tried to bring the other to orgasm.
   At one point, Thomas looked up from between Debbie's legs.  He felt
as if someone was watching them.  He realized he must have been
mistaken as no one was there.  He returned his full attention to
Debbie's dripping box and soon felt himself about to come.
   Like the night before, he lost all sense of time as the pressure
built between his legs.  As if through a thick dense cloud, he heard
Debbie cry out, "Oh God, Tommy.  Again!  I'm coming again!"
   Finally the pressure broke as he felt wave after wave of hot cum
pump from his penis.  Debbie's mouth acted like a powerful vacuum,
sucking every last ounce from him.  Finally he lay there, fully spent,
unable to move.
   Debbie's face loomed before his.  "I can't believe you did it to me
again.  I can't wait until we're alone tomorrow.  I promise you, if you
thought it was good now, it will even better tomorrow."
   They kissed each other passionately.  Thomas tasted a strange salty
taste as his tongue probed Debbie's mouth.  He realized it was his own
cum.  And he was surprise to find it excited rather than disgusted him.
   "I think we had better head back.  We don't want to be late for
class," said Debbie as she straightened her clothing.  Sitting up,
Thomas did the same.  The two of them walked slowly back to the school
holding hands.
   Thomas' mind was filled with thoughts of what they had done.  He
remembered, too, the feeling that they had been watched.  "Strange," he
thought, "but I could have sworn it was Louanne.  But why would she
have been watching us?"
   As if to prove him wrong, he noticed Louanne standing with Rodger
across the field.  Debbie noticed them too, and waved.  The bell rang,
indicating that lunchtime was over.  Debbie and Thomas ran back into
the building.

                              --- *** ---

   Thomas passed the next two classes in a daze.  His mind kept
replaying what he and Debbie had done under the bleachers.  He was
amazed, and embarrassed, to find he had an enormous erection.  Walking
to his last class, he tried to hide it behind his books.
   Debbie was in this class.  Louanne too.  It also happened to be his
favorite, Social Studies.  He had a knack for remembering dates and
names.  And as a result, he had straight A's in this class.  Because of
that, he was the teacher's favorite.
   He saw Debbie and Louanne standing outside the classroom.  Debbie,
seeing him, ran to meet him.
   "Hi Tommy.  I still can't believe lunchtime.  All I could think
about this afternoon is what we're gonna do tomorrow."
   Before he could answer, the first bell rang.  They hurried into
class and took their seats.  Thomas fumbled his books as he sat down. 
As he tried to straighten them out, he noticed Louanne watching him
intently.  But when he made eye contact, she quickly turned away.
   Again he was reminded of the feeling of being watched under the
bleachers.  It couldn't have been Louanne.  He had seen her with
Rodger, hadn't he?
   Debbie and Louanne sat next to each other, several rows in front of
Thomas.  Thomas found himself unconsciously comparing the two girls. 
Debbie was heavier.  Louanne was slight.  Debbie was blockish in shape,
large chest, wide hips.  Louanne was slender, almost boyish in
appearance.  Debbie had long curly brown hair.  Louanne's was dark
auburn, cut short, framing her face.
   Where Debbie's features were course, Louanne's were fine.  He tried
to imagine what it would be like to kiss her delicate lips.  Or run his
hands over her small breasts.  And what would she taste like when he
buried his face between her slim but shapely thighs?
   "My god," he thought.  "What am I turning into?  I've just had sex
with one girl, and already I'm thinking what it would be like with
another?  Besides she's Debbie's best friend, and Rodger's girlfriend." 
Putting such thoughts from his mind, he turned his attention to what
the teacher was saying.
   The class finally came to end.  As Thomas was gathering his books to
leave, the teacher approached him.
   "Thomas, may I have a word with you?"
   "Yes, Mrs Whalen?"
   "I was wondering if you could do me a favor?"
   "Sure.  I guess."
   "I'm meeting with a parent of one of the students after school
today.  I can't say for certain just yet, but I do intend to suggest
tutoring as a way to improve that student's marks.  I was wondering if
you would be interested in tutoring someone after school?  If you were,
I could recommend you."
   "Gee, I don't know, Mrs. Whalen.  I'd have to check with my mother."
   "You're coming to the church tonight to help us with the things for
the bazaar on saturday?"
   "Yes ma'am."
   "I could speak to your mother then if you want."
   "I guess that would be okay."
   "Then you are interested?  There would probably be some kind of
remuneration.  There usually is for this sort of thing."
   "Sure, I'd be glad to help.  And it isn't necessary for me to be
paid, or anything like that.  I'd be helping another student."
   "You're such a good boy.  I'm sure your mother must be very proud of
you."
   Thomas hoped no one heard Mrs. Whalen.  "I really have to go now,"
he said as he headed for the door.
   "I'll see you tonight, Thomas.  Thank you."
   He hurried out of the building.  Debbie was waiting for him, and
Louanne was with her.
   "I thought you might wanna walk me home," Debbie said once he had
caught up to them.
   "Sure.  But what if your father see us?"
   "No problem.  Louanne is walking with us.  You just continue on with
her. If he asks me anything, I'll say you were walking her home. 
Okay?"
   "Sure," he answered.  Turning to Louanne, he asked, "Where's
Rodger?"
   "He and Dale are staying after school for some game.  I'd have
stayed too, but my step-mother wants me home right after school,"
Louanne replied.
   "She's still going away tomorrow, isn't she?" asked Debbie,
concerned.
   "Oh yeah.  She told me this morning that she'd be leaving first
thing tomorrow morning.  But there's somewhere she has to go this
afternoon, and she wants me home to cook dinner."
   "Good," said Debbie.  "I don't want anything to screw up our plans
for tomorrow.  Do you, Tommy?"
   "Uh, no.  I don't feel real good about cutting classes though."
   "Well, I promise you'll feel real good about it tomorrow," giggled
Debbie in reply.
   "I guess I had better make myself real scarce tomorrow, uh?" said
Louanne.  "Unless you feel like sharing?"
   "Hey, you all ready got a guy.  And besides, I can't get enough of
Tommy myself, never mind sharing him with you."
   Thomas reddened as the girls continued to tease one another at his
expense.
   "Here, give me a kiss before we get to the corner," said Debbie
suddenly to Thomas.
   He gave her a polite kiss on the lips.
   "Hey, that's all I get until tomorrow?  Come here and give me a
decent kiss." Debbie commanded.
   Thomas looked sheepishly at Louanne, who said, "I promise I won't
watch.  But hurry up, cause I gotta get home."
   Still feeling embarrassed, Thomas again kissed Debbie.  She pulled
him tightly against her as her tongue pushed deep into his mouth.
   "Damn, I wish I didn't have to go home.  I'd rather be at our
special place.  But I'll make it up to you tomorrow, I promise," she
said as she broke their embrace.
   Calling goodbye to Louanne, she quickly ran around the corner. 
Louanne had all ready started to cross the street, leaving Thomas
standing there alone.
   "Are you coming?" she called to him.  He hurried to catch up with
her.  "You and Debbie seem pretty serious," she said to him.  "I hope
you not just leading her on."
   "I wouldn't do anything like that."
   "You do like her, don't you?  It isn't just the fooling around
part?"
   "Of course I like her!  And who said we fool around anyways?"
   "You forgot?  Debbie tells me everything.  I don't care what you two
do.  That's your business.  But I don't want to see my best friend
hurt."
   "I wouldn't hurt her.  She's too sweet."
   "I hope so.  Anyhow, about tomorrow.  You don't need to worry.  I'll
keep out of your way.  Not for your sake, but for Debbie."
   Thomas didn't say anything.  They had arrived at Louanne's house.
   "Why don't you meet us on the way to school tomorrow morning?  That
way we can plan when we're gonna duck out of school.  Meet us around
the block from Debbie's house, okay?"
   "Yeah, that sound like a good idea.  I'll see you tomorrow."
   Louanne said goodbye, and Thomas continued on home.  He found
himself again comparing the two girls.  He was ashamed to admit it, but
Louanne was definitely prettier.
   And he wondered if he had really been truthful when he said he
wasn't just seeing Debbie to fool around.  He liked her okay.  But if
it wasn't for the stuff they did, and the things she promised they
would do, would he really want to see her again?  He didn't know.  Or
was it he didn't want to know the answer?


 -- Chapter Six

   After supper, he went with his mother to the church.  There were
already several other ladies there when they arrived.  Thomas noticed
Mrs. Whalen, who rushed over to greet them.
   "Hello Edna. Thomas."
   "Why hello Mariam.  How are you today?  Sorry we're late," his
mother answered.
   "Oh, you're not late.  Some of us arrived early and started right
away.  There is an awful lot of things to sort for saturday."
   "I guess we had better get started then.  Thomas, why don't you go
see Mrs. Felting and see what she needs you to do."
   "Excuse me, Edna, but I'd like to talk to you about Thomas.  And I'd
like him to hear what I have to say, if you don't mind."
   "Thomas?  Is something wrong?"
   "No, not at all.  I've already talked to Thomas about this at school
today, but he suggested that it might be better if I talked to you." 
Seeing the confused look on Edna's face, she proceeded to explain.  "I
had a meeting with a parent of one of my students today.  I believe you
know her?  Mrs. Raster?"
   "Anyway, her daughter is doing rather poorly in my class.  Now the
girl is quite bright normally, but for some reason, she is having
difficulty with the subject matter this term.  I suggested to her
mother that tutoring might be the answer."
   "As Thomas is by far the best student in the class, I also suggested
he be the tutor.  The mother has no objections.  And Thomas said he
wouldn't mind doing it.  But he did suggest that I speak to you first."
   "I remember the girl.  Didn't she sing in the choir last year?"
   "Yes that's the one.  A very pretty girl.  And very well behaved
too, I might add."
   "Well that's something at least.  Too many of the children today
just seem to go wild.  Satan's influence, of course."
   "Well, Louanne is definitely not one of them.  But she is in need of
help if she isn't to fail.  I do hope you'll let Thomas help her."
   "I guess he could.  As long as he doesn't neglect his own studies. 
When would this take place?  And where?"
   "I had suggested that they might meet week nights to start.  At
least for two hours a night, maybe after supper?  That way, they could
still have their weekends free.  They do need some time to play and
relax."
   "Well, as long as his school work doesn't suffer.  And he still does
all his chores.  Where would they meet?  I sometimes stay late at the
office.  Someone should be there to keep an eye on them."
   "I'm sure Thomas can be trusted."
   "It's not Thomas I'm worried about."
   "Well, I'm sure Louanne is not someone you need worry about either. 
She's a very nice young lady.  No, it was her mother's suggestion that
they could study at her house.  She promised to make sure they made
good use of the time, and did not waste it."
   "Of course, Thomas couldn't be expected to do this for nothing?"
   "Nor should he.  Mrs. Raster asked what would be a fair fee, and I
suggested five dollars a session.  That is the usual amount for
tutoring."
   "When would they start?"
   "Mrs. Raster will be out of town until sunday.  Monday would
probably be best.  The sooner Louanne receives the extra help, the
sooner she'll catch up."
   "Well I guess that will be okay.  But Thomas, you better make sure
you don't fall behind yourself.  Either at school, or at home."
   "I won't, Mom.  I promise."
   "Okay then, it settled.  Now run along and see what Mrs. Felting
wants you to do."
   "Oh Thomas, before you go?" added Mrs. Whalen.  "I'll speak to both
you and Louanne after class tomorrow.  I have prepared a plan I would
like you to follow, at least for the first week.  After that, I think
we can concentrate on the areas where she's weakest.  What do you
think?"
   "Guess that's okay.  I'll see you tomorrow, Mrs. Whalen.  Right now
I had better see what Mrs. Felting needs."  Thomas took off in a hurry.
   "He's such a good boy, Edna.  You must be quite proud of him."
   "Yes, he has turned out rather well, hasn't he.  If you only knew
how hard it is to raise a boy these days.  And even harder to make sure
he doesn't turn out weak like his father."
   "Well, you've done a good job, Edna.  I wish all my students were as
good as him.  But maybe that would be asking too much.  I guess we had
better get to work too, if we expect to have all this sorted and ready
for Saturday."  The two women went to help the others.
   Thomas was furious.  It wasn't fair.  He had been looking forward to
spending time with Debbie tomorrow.  He felt somehow Louanne had
arranged all this on purpose.  First building up his hopes, and then
dashing them.
   "That's ridiculous," he told himself.  According to Mrs. Whalen, she
hadn't mentioned him being the tutor to anyone until her meeting with
Louanne's mother.  There was no way Louanne could have known.  Nor any
reason why she would do anything like this.  He was just feeling angry,
and looking for someone to blame.
   He worked hard lifting boxes and moving things around.  He was glad
when his mother told him they were leaving.  His anger had finally
subsided, and he was just feeling disappointment.
   "Are you okay, Thomas?" asked his mother.
   "Sure, Mom.  Why?"
   "You look a little down.  You're sure you're okay?"
   "Yes ma'am.  I'm okay.  Just a little tired, I guess."
   "Well, we'll be home soon and you can go to bed early tonight. 
Can't have you getting sick or anything.  By the way, how well do you
know this Louanne Raster?"
   "Not very well, really.  She's in my class, and she kinda goes out
with Rodger.  But we don't hang out together or nothing."
   "She goes out with Rodger?  Isn't she a little young to be dating?"
   "A lot of the kids date, Mom.  We're not little children any more."
   "You're all still nothing but overgrown babies.  But if she is
seeing young Rodger, at least they are probably behaving.  He is such a
good boy."
   Thomas wondered what she would have thought of Rodger if she had
heard him talking about girls and sex like he did this morning.  Or
better yet, if she could have seen Louanne and Rodger in the theater
last night.  Or worse yet, what she would think of him if she knew what
he and Debbie had been doing.  Thomas was uncomfortable with that
thought.
   "I remember Mr. Raster and his first wife quite well, may God rest
their soul," his mother said.  "Both staunch church goers.  His wife
died just after the daughter was born.  He tried to raise her as best
he could.  I wasn't too happy about him marrying this new wife though. 
Too young for him, to say the least.  It was too bad, though not too
surprising, he died a year later.
   "But the new Mrs. Raster does appear to be okay.  She attends
services regularly, and even donates her time to various volunteer
work.  Someone told me she spends quite a bit of time at the hospital. 
And that she occasionally travels on business."
   "I don't see how she can spend much time raising that young girl
properly though.  No wonder the girl is so wild."
   "Louanne's not wild.  She's a nice girl.  She was in the choir last
year."
   "Don't contradict me when I'm speaking, young man.  Of course she's
wild.  She isn't in the choir this year, is she?  And how else do you
explain a girl her age dating boys?  Just make sure you don't pick up
any of her bad habits."
   "I won't Mom.  I'm only going to be studying with her, not going out
with her."
   "Don't get cheeky with me, Thomas.  Remember what I've told you
about men being weak.  All it takes is a pretty face, a shapely body,
and all your good intentions are forgotten."
   "You were too young to remember how it turned your father against
family and church.  How Satan sent his spawn disguised as a young
pretty librarian to tempt your father.  How he eagerly sold his soul by
running away with the slut, leaving me alone with a small baby.  Alone
to just barely manage in this wicked world."
   "He didn't leave you alone, Mom.  I'm still here with you."
   "Yes you are, Thomas.  And I'm going to make sure Satan never gets
you."
   "It may be too late," Thomas thought.  Maybe that was what Debbie
really was, a spawn of the Devil.  Maybe she was his temptation, his
test, to see if he was weak like his father.  His mind was troubled as
he returned home with his mother.


 -- Chapter Seven

   Thomas was just turning the corner when he saw Louanne leave her
house.  He called out to her as he ran to catch up.
   "Looks like your plans for today got fucked," Louanne said to him
when he joined her.  "Seems we have a meeting with Mrs. Whalen this
afternoon?"
   "Yeah, I found out last night.  I was helping out at the church when
she told me and my mother about the tutoring."
   "Well, just so you know, I don't want any of this.  I don't see why
I need this shit anyways.  I'm gonna be a model, or an actress.  I
don't need history for that."
   "But Mrs. Whalen said it was already agreed?"
   "Oh, I have to do it.  My step-mom and I had a good fight about it
last night.  She told me if I failed this fucking class, not only would
I be spending all summer in school, but she was gonna cut off my
allowance until I passed the fucking class next year."
   "And just in case that wasn't enough, she threatened to ground me
permanently if my marks don't improve on the next test.  So whether I
like it or not, I'm stuck.  But don't you get any ideas.  I may have to
put up with you tutoring me, but I don't have to like it, or you for
that matter."
   "Hey, I'm sorry.  Maybe I should tell Mrs. Whalen I'm not interested
in tutoring you."
   "Don't do that.  If I have to have someone tutor me, I'd rather have
you.  You know it all."
   "I do happen to be pretty good in the subject.  But I don't want you
being mad at me because of it."
   "I'm not mad at you.  I guess I'm just mad at the world."
   "Yeah, I know how that feels.  I was really looking forward to being
with Debbie this afternoon.  Now with her being grounded, and me having
to tutor you, I don't know when we'll be together again."
   "Hey, that's not a problem.  You two can meet at my house tomorrow. 
Debbie will just say she's coming over to study with me.  She does that
all the time.  My step-mom ain't back until Sunday.  You can find a
reason to get out of the house for a few hours, can't you?"
   "I don't know.  Saturday is the church bazaar.  I am suppose to be
working at that."
   "All day?  Can't you get away for a couple of hours?"
   "I can try.  But I don't know for sure."
   "Well you better try hard.  Or Debbie may decide she'd be better off
with someone else."
   "I'll see what I can do.  But I can't promise.  If I did, I'd only
be lying."
   They had reached Debbie's house.  She was waiting for them.  "Now
you're the one who looks in bitchy mood this morning," Debbie said to
Louanne.
   "And you're gonna feel the same way, once I tell you why," was
Louanne's reply.
   Louanne explained what had happened.
   "Damn, that's not fair!  I was looking forward to this afternoon,"
complained Debbie.  "Besides it sounds like you'll be spending more
time with Tommy than I will."
   "Well, it sure ain't cause he turns me on," shot back Louanne. 
"Besides it's up to your boyfriend here, when you two get together
again."
   "What do you mean?" asked Debbie.
   "Well, I suggested that you two could over to my house tomorrow. 
You know how you always come over to study.  But it seems he's got
better things to do."
   "That's not fair, Louanne.  Let me explain, Debbie."
   "Yeah, it sounds like you better," Debbie said accusingly.
   "Tomorrow is the church bazaar.  And I'm suppose to be working at
it.  My Mom will be there too.  I told Louanne I'd try to get away for
a couple of hours, but I can't promise.  If my mom ever found out, I'd
be in big trouble."
   "If Debbie really meant something to you, you'd get away."
   "Louanne, lighten up, will you?  If Thomas says he'll try, I believe
him.  I'm just disappointed, that's all.  At least we can be together
at lunchtime," Debbie said to Thomas.
   "And unless I can get away tomorrow, that'll probably be all the
time we get together for awhile," Thomas said dejectedly.
   "Or until the next time my step-mom has to go out of town.  We can
still cut school like we planned another time.  Maybe I'll get Rodger
to do it too, and then I won't feel like a third wheel."
   They arrived at school, and Debbie pulled Thomas aside.  "I'm really
sorry we can't be together this afternoon.  And I understand if you
can't make it tomorrow.  I just want you to know I don't blame you."
   "I'll really try tomorrow, I promise.  Somehow we're find time to be
together."
   "I'll see you at lunchtime.  We can go out to the bleachers again,
if you want to?"
   "I'd like that," Thomas said, giving her a quick kiss.
   "Comon you two, we'll be late for our first class," called Louanne.
   Reluctantly, Debbie and Thomas said goodbye and headed for their
classes.

                              --- *** ---

   Thomas had trouble concentrating all morning.  He kept thinking of
Debbie, and how she made him feel.  Lunchtime seemed to take forever to
arrive.  When the final morning bell rang, he ran to the cafeteria.
   Debbie was waiting for him.  She took his hand and led him out to
the playing field.  There was a game going on and the bleachers were
full of people.
   "Shit, I forgot there was a practice today.  It's as if someone was
trying to keep us from being alone," she complained.
   "Hey, it's okay," said Thomas trying to cheer her up.
   "It's not okay.  I almost feel like lying down here with you in
front of all these people."
   "We couldn't do that," Thomas exclaimed.
   "Why not?  I want everyone to know how much you mean to me.  I want
everyone to know how you make me feel."
   "Please Debbie.  It wouldn't be right"
   "Oh, don't worry.  I wouldn't really do it.  We'd get thrown out of
school, and I'd be grounded for the rest of my life.  Besides, I'd
never be able to see you again."
   Thomas was relieved to hear that.
   "It's just that you make me feel so happy, I want everyone to know. 
You're so sweet and caring.  You make me feel like someone, someone
important.  And I think I'm falling in love with you."
   Thomas' heart stopped when he heard her mention love.  "Gee, don't
you think you're rushing things a bit?" he replied.
   "Hey, that's okay.  I'm use to guys just going out with me for sex. 
If that's all you want, that's okay too.  It just that with you, I feel
different."
   "It's not just you're the first guy ever to make me come.  I really
feel something when I'm just with you like this.  That's why it doesn't
matter if you only like me for what we do when we're alone.  You don't
have to like me, just be with me."
   "I do like you.  I like you a lot," Thomas protested.  "And it isn't
just the sex thing.  But love?  I don't know.  I could just as easily
say I love you.  That's what you want me to say, isn't it?  But I don't
know how I feel.  This is all so new to me, the sex and everything."
   "All I do know is that you do things to me, to my mind, that no one
has ever done before.  Is it just the sex?  I don't think so.  But I'm
not sure if it's love either.  I don't really know what it is.  It's
all so confusing."
   "Oh Tommy, you're so sweet.  Maybe I am rushing things a bit.  And
maybe it is just the sex, for both of us.  But I don't care.  I just
want to be with you every minute.  I'll try not to pressure you into
anything you don't want."
   "You're not pressuring me.  We'll just have to wait and see what
happens.  And if I can find a way, I promise I'll be there tomorrow."
   They spent the rest of the lunch period walking hand in hand.  When
the bell rang, they kissed goodbye and hurried to their next class.

                              --- *** ---

   The afternoon seemed to pass as slowly as the morning had for
Thomas.  But finally he was hurrying to his last class.  Debbie and
Louanne were already seated by the time he arrived and he wasn't able
to speak to them.
   The class was mainly review, so at least he didn't have to pay close
attention to what Mrs. Whalen was saying.  When it was over, she asked
him and Louanne to stay behind.
   "Thomas, this is the outline I mentioned last night," Mrs. Whalen
said, handing him a sheet of paper.  "If you two tackle the first five
items next week, we can see where you might need extra help," she said
to Louanne.
   Thomas looked over the topics listed on the paper.  There wasn't
anything he didn't already know perfectly.  "We should be able to
quickly cover these," he said to the teacher.  "There's nothing
difficult here."
   "Speak for yourself," said Louanne, once she glanced at the paper.
   "Now Thomas, you must remember that Louanne isn't as quick as you. 
Let her set the pace.  She's the one who needs to learn it.  If you go
too fast, she'll only become more confused."
   "I suggest you first try to explain each section, then ask her
questions about it.  You should then be able to determine what areas
you need to go over again in detail."
   "And Louanne, if he goes to fast, be sure to tell him.  It's for
your sake, you are doing this.  And if you feel the need, I am
available after school to answer any questions that Thomas might not be
able to answer."
   "Thank you, Mrs. Whalen.  But I'm sure Thomas will be all the help I
need."
   "Well, you two better run along.  If you have any problems, let me
know.  You're starting Monday, aren't you, Thomas?"
   "Yes ma'am.  We haven't decided when exactly, but I guess sometime
after supper."
   "My step-mom said 7:00 would be a good time," Louanne added.
   "Good.  I wish you luck, Louanne.  I'm sure you can do it if you
try."
   They said goodbye to the teacher and left the classroom.
   "Listen to me," Louanne whispered to Thomas as they were leaving the
building.  "Rodger's walking me home today and I don't want him to know
about tomorrow.  If you can get away, come around to the back door. 
Try and make sure no one sees you.  I don't want to have to explain to
my step-mother why some boy was sneaking into the house."
   Before Thomas could reply, they ran into Debbie and Rodger.
   "How you doing, Tom?" asked Rodger.
   "Okay, I guess," Thomas replied stiffly, remembering the last time
he and Rodger had talked.
   "Hey!  Why don't you and Debbie come over to Dale's house tonight? 
He's got the new White Snake album.  We gonna sit around, and let the
sound clean our minds of all this school shit."
   "I have to work at the church tonight.  Have to set up for the
bazaar tomorrow, but thanks anyways," Thomas replied.
   "Oh yeah I forgot.  My mom wants me to go with her tomorrow morning. 
What a drag.  What about you, Debbie?  You're more then welcome to
come."
   "That sounds like fun.  But I have other stuff I gotta do tonight."
   "Oh well, next time.  Dale asked if we could pick up Sandy on the
way.  Is that okay, Lou?"
   "Yeah, I guess so.  But I can't stay too late.  My step-mom will be
calling to check on me."
   "Hey Tom, what's this I hear you're gonna be spending more time with
my girl than me?" asked Rodger.
   "I'm only going to be tutoring her," Thomas answered.
   "Yeah, but you'll be cutting into my time.  Not that I'm worried, or
anything.  If anyone can teach my girl history, you can.  Just do it
quickly, will you?  I don't know if I can survive too long without
her."
   "Maybe you'll appreciate me more if you don't see so much of me,"
Louanne teased.
   "Or maybe I'll just find someone else to take care of my needs in
the mean time," Rodger shot back.
   "If you do, you better keep them," Louanne said somewhat stiffly.
   "Hey, I'm only kidding.  You know no one else could ever take your
place,"  Rodger said as he put his arms around her and gave her a hug. 
"Shit, you're sure touchy today."
   "I guess I'm just pissed off about this tutoring thing."
   "Well it won't be forever.  Tom will see to that, won't you Tom?"
   "I'll do my best," he answered.
   They had arrived at the corner near Debbie's house.  She gave him a
kiss, and whispered in his ear, "And I know you'll do your best for me
too, tomorrow."  She waved goodbye to the group, and left.
   Once Debbie was gone, Thomas really didn't want to be around Rodger. 
He was still pissed off at him and his comments yesterday.
   "Guess I'll take off here," he said to Rodger and Louanne.
   "Okay," answered Rodger.  "Don't forget, if you finish early enough
at the church tonight, you're still welcome to stop by Dale's.  You're
not still pissed at me for yesterday, are you?"
   "Yes I am," Thomas replied.
   "What happened yesterday?" Louanne asked.
   "This is boy talk, Lou.  Nothing that would interest you.  Look Tom,
I'm sorry about what I said yesterday.  It started out as teasing and
kinda got carried away.  I didn't mean to get you mad or anything.  I'm
really sorry."
   "Well, maybe I over reacted a bit too.  Okay, no hard feeling."
   "Good.  Now you will try to stop by later, won't you?"
   "I'd really like to, but I suspect we'll be at the church late.  And
I have to be there again first thing in the morning.  So I better not
stay up too late.  But maybe I'll see you tomorrow night, okay?"
   "Sure, no problem.  If you can get away tomorrow afternoon, a bunch
of us are playing ball over at the school.  Maybe we'll see you then?"
   "I dunno.  But if I can, maybe.  Anyhow I'd better be getting home. 
I'll see you two soon."
   They said goodbye to Thomas, and continued to Louanne's house.
   "I knew weird Tom couldn't stay mad forever," Rodger chuckled once
they were out of sight.
   "What was all that about anyways?" asked Louanne.
   "Aw, nothing really.  He didn't like something I said, and I didn't
take too kindly to something he said.  But it ain't important.  What is
important is whether you're gonna let me come in when we get to your
house."
   "Don't start that again, Rodger.  You know I'm not allowed to have
any boys in the house when my step-mom isn't home."
   "Aw, comon Lou.  I need to be with you today.  Who knows when we'll
see each other again with you doing all this tutoring stuff with Mr.
Weird."
   "Yeah, and I know all about you and your needs.  I wonder sometimes
if that's the only reason you go out with me."
   "How can you say that?  You know I love you."
   "Do you really love me?  Or do you love what I do for you?"
   "That's ain't fair.  Of course I love you.  And I love what you do
almost as much.  So how about it, can I come in?"
   "No!  Shit, that's all I need.  One of these nosey neighbors telling
my step-mom how I had a boy in the house.  She's already threatened to
ground me for the summer if I don't improve my marks."
   "But Lou, I have needs."
   "Why don't you take your needs in hand and pull."
   "But your mouth feels so much better," he said with a big grin.
   "Well this mouth is on strike as of now.  At least until you learn
to use yours for something else besides bullshit."
   "What the fuck do you mean by that?"
   "You heard me.  I'm sick and tired of always being the one who does
all the work.  If you want me to do that again, you'll have to do me
first.  And I don't mean a couple of licks and kisses either.  All the
way, or you can forget about my mouth permanently."
   "You can't do that"
   "I sure can, and I will.  As a matter of fact, I think I'm going to
have a headache tonight, so don't bother picking me up.  I won't be
going over to Dale's"
   "What the fucks gotten into you?" Rodger snarled as he grabbed her
arm.
   "Stop that.  You're hurting me," Louanne cried out.
   "I'll do more than hurt you, you stupid bitch.  Where the fuck do
you get off telling me what you'll do or not do.  Fuck, you were
nothing before I decided to go out with you.  And you'll be nothing
again if I dump you."
   "Please Rodger, you're hurting my arm.  Let me go, please?"
   "I'll be by at seven to pick you up, and you goddamn better be
ready.  Ain't no way I'm gonna look like a fool.  I've already told
everyone you'd be there.  And you will be, won't you?"
   "Sure, Rodger.  Anything you want.  But please let go of my arm,
you're hurting me."
   "Oh, what have I done?  I'm sorry Lou, really I am.  The thought of
being without you is more than I can stand.  I really do love you.  I
didn't mean to hurt you, really."
   "Well, I guess it's okay.  But you really frightened me.  Don't ever
do that again, okay?"
   "Sure sweetheart.  I guess I just got carried away.  If you really
don't feel like going tonight, that's okay too.  Maybe we can just go
for a walk or something.  It will be one of the last time we'll be
alone for awhile."
   "I dunno.  I really do have a headache.  And I should start studying
all that stuff for history.  What if I see you tomorrow night?"
   Rodger looked like he would explode again.  Louanne quickly added,
"And then maybe we could go to the playing field, just the two of us?"
   "That sounds more like my girl.  Sure, that would be a great idea. 
Your mom doesn't get back 'til Sunday, right?"  So we could stay out
real late?"
   "Well, I ain't too sure about that.  She usually calls to make sure
I'm home by a certain time each night."
   "No problem, we just make sure you're back in time for the call, and
then we can sneak back out."
   "Well, maybe.  Anyhow I better be getting in, in case she calls. 
I'll see you tomorrow, okay?"
   "Sure babe.  I do love you, Louanne.  I love you a lot."
   "And I love you, too," she said, giving him a quick kiss.
   Before he could do or say anything else, she quickly ran into the
house.  Closing the door and locking it, Louanne stood there
frightened.  Her heart was racing, and her stomach felt sick.  "My
God," she thought, "he could have killed me."  Her arm still hurt where
he had grabbed it.
   His comments about her being nothing before him, and how she would
be again when he dumped her, kept echoing in her mind.  True, after
Gary moved away, she didn't seem to fit in with any particular crowd. 
And after she started dating Rodger, she did seem more popular.
   The phone rang.  She went to answer it.  As expected, it was her
step-mom.  "Hi," Louanne said, putting the questions screaming in her
mind aside.  "I thought it would be you."


 -- Chapter Eight

   Thomas had been working hard all morning, carrying boxes and bags
out to people's cars.  Heck, he had even carried out a complete dining
table and chairs.  He was more than happy when his mother suggested
they take a break and grab a bite to eat.
   There was a small area set aside in one corner of the church
basement where they served sandwiches and stuff.  He and his mother
looked for a place to sit.  His mother spotted Mrs. Whalen and went to
join her.
   "Hello Mariam.  Are these two seats taken?" his mother asked.
   "Oh hi, Edna.  Thomas.  No, please sit down.  I'm just having a
coffee before I go back to work.  I went home for lunch, and to check
on things.  It is such a lovely day outside."
   "It must be," his mother answered.  "I can't believe all the people
who have stopped by this morning."
   "Have you been here all day, Thomas?" asked Mrs. Whalen.
   "Yes ma'am."
   "Edna, how can you be so cruel to the boy?  It is such a beautiful
day outside.  And here you are keeping him cooped up with us old
ladies.  I saw a bunch of boys playing ball over at the school on my
way back here.  Wouldn't you rather be playing ball than stuck here,
Thomas?"
   "It's okay, Mrs. Whalen.  They need me here to help carry stuff."
   "There are plenty of others who can do that.  Don't you think he's
worked hard enough today, Edna?"
   "Well, I guess it would be all right for him to go play for awhile. 
But you have to be home in time for supper, young man."
   "Could I, Mom?  Oh, I'll make sure I'm not late for supper, really I
will.  You're sure you don't mind?"
   "Of course not.  What kind of a mother would I be, if I didn't allow
you to have some time to play.  You run along and have fun.  Try not to
get too dirty, or hurt yourself.  And make sure you're home in time for
supper.  Now go on."
   Thomas jumped up, gave his mother a kiss on the cheek, and started
to leave.
   "Just one moment, young man.  Where are your manners?"
   "Sorry Mom.  Goodbye, Mrs. Whalen.  Goodbye Mother.  And thank you,
thank you both."
   Thomas walked slowly until he neared the basement steps, and then
broke into a run.  He nearly collided with an elderly couple as he ran
out the door.  He continued running until he neared Louanne's house. 
Stopping for a moment to catch his breath, he then walked around the
back of one of the houses several doors away.  He cut across the
backyards, climbing fences.
   He hoped no one had seen him as he climbed the last fence into
Louanne's backyard.  He quickly went to the back door and knocked.  The
door opened suddenly, and he felt himself being pulled inside.
   "Well it's about time you showed up," said Louanne, closing the door
quickly behind him.  "I hope no one saw you coming here?"
   "Oh hi, Louanne.  I don't think anyone saw me.  Is Debbie here
already?"
   "She's been here since way before lunch.  She's downstairs in the
playroom."  Louanne giggled.
   "What's so funny?" Thomas asked.
   "She's in the playroom, get it?  Isn't that what the two of you . .
."
   "Tommy?  Is that you, Tommy?" called Debbie from the bottom of the
stairs.
   "Yeah, it's him," answered Louanne.  "I was just getting us
something to drink," Louanne said to Thomas.  "Do you want a pop or
something?"
   "Sure.  Whatever you have.  And maybe something to eat?  I kinda
left my lunch at the church."
   He felt someone's hands wrap around his waist as Debbie whispered in
his ear, "I've got something you can eat."
   Thomas felt himself turn red.  He turned to greet Debbie.  Before he
could say anything, she pressed her mouth against his.
   "Shit, can't you two at least wait until you're downstairs?" said
Louanne in disgust.  "Go on!  Get down there, and I'll get the drinks
and stuff."
   Debbie led Thomas down to the playroom.  Leading him to the couch,
she pushed him down, and jumped into his lap.  Again she smashed her
mouth against his, her tongue forcing it way between his lips.  She
took his hand and pressed it against her chest.
   Thomas had trouble breathing.  Debbie's jumping on him had knocked
most of the breath out of him.  He gently pushed her away.  "Please,
Debbie.  Give me a chance to catch my breath."
   "Oh Tommy, I'm so happy you actually made it.  All I could think of
all last night, and this morning, was what it would be like to be with
you.  And then I started worrying about whether you would show up or
not."
   "I got here as soon as I could.  I wasn't sure if I could get away
at all."
   "I'm glad you did.  But let's not waste time talking.  Kiss me,
please Tommy?"
   He took her face in his hands and gently kissed her nose.  His mouth
moved to her eyes and then her forehead.  Moving slowly downward, he
traced a line with his tongue down her nose to her lips.  Her mouth
parted in anticipation.
   He purposely skipped her mouth and started kissing her chin.  She
tried to press her face closer to his, but his hands prevented it.  He
moved upward, his tongue lightly caressing her lips.
   Her tongue shot out and tried to enter his mouth.  He simply moved
his face away.  Her hands tried to pull his away, but he was stronger
than her.
   "Comon, Tommy.  Don't tease!  Kiss me for real."
   He pressed his mouth to hers.  Her tongue pushed against his closed
lips.  His hands move down to gently stroke her neck.  His lips parted
and allowed her tongue to enter.  He sucked on it, and teased it with
his tongue.
   Debbie pressed her body tight against him as her hand rubbed the
crotch of his pants.  Thomas felt his penis harden and he moved his
hand to her breast.
   "Shit, if you two didn't want anything, you could have save me the
trip down here," Louanne said as she entered the room.
   Thomas tried to move away from Debbie.  His hand flew to cover the
bulge in his pants.  Debbie refused to remove her hand and continued to
rub him.
   "Please Debbie.  Louanne's here," he whispered.
   "Don't worry.  I won't be for long," Louanne answered.  "I guess
I'll go see what I can do upstairs.  I can see you two don't need me
around."
   "No, you don't have to do that," Thomas said.  "It is your house and
. . ."
   "Christ, is he always that dense?" Louanne asked Debbie.
   "Just get lost, and leave us alone, will you?" was all Debbie said
before she started kissing Thomas again.
   "Don't do anything I wouldn't do," Louanne called out as she ran up
the stairs.
   "Thank God, she's gone," said Debbie as she started to remove her
top.  Unhooking her bra, she said, "Comon, don't just sit there, get
your clothes off."  She stood and removed her skirt.
   Thomas was surprised to see she wasn't wearing any panties.  He
started to unbutton his shirt.
   "Damn, you're slow," she said as she knelt in front of him and
unbuckled his belt.  He stood up and dropped his pants.  Debbie pulled
down his shorts before he had the chance.
   Her hands reached up and grasped his erect shaft.  "God, it's
beautiful, so big and so hard.  It makes me wet just looking at it. 
But it'll have to wait just a bit longer."
   She jumped up and sat on the couch.  Spreading her legs wide, she
reached out to Thomas and said, "Kiss me."
   He leaned over and tried to kiss her on the mouth.  Her hands pushed
his head down as she said, "No silly.  Down here.  Kiss me there like
you did yesterday.  Make me come again, please?"
   Thomas dropped to his knees and pressed his mouth to her vagina. 
His tongue sought out her clitoris and flicked across it.
   "Oh, God, yes.  But kiss me all over down there first.  Make me all
hot and wet.  Yes like that.  Stick your tongue in me.  Yes, oh yes. 
Deeper.  Please.  More.  God it feels so good."
   Thomas could feel the heat radiating from her now wet vagina.  He
continued to lick and suck her slit, excited by Debbie's verbal
encouragements.  He wondered what would happen if he stopped.  He
lifted his face from between her legs.
   Debbie tried to force his face back down.  "Please don't stop now. 
Please Tommy?  Just a little bit more?" she whimpered.
   He lifted himself up until her breasts loomed before him.  His
tongue flicked across one of her nipples as his hand caressed the
other.
   "Oh you like my titties?  Okay you can suck them if you want.  But
don't let my pussy get cold.  Use your other hand to rub it.  Yeah,
like that.  Play with my clit.  No!  Softly.  Yes, like that.  Ooh,
you're so good Tommy.  Just a little bit more and I'll be good to you
too."
   Tommy moved so he could pay attention to both her breasts and her
vagina.  He noticed that she reacted differently depending on what he
did.  If he just teased her nipples, or her clit, she begged him for
more.  If he sucked and tongued her nipples hard and fast, she cried
out in delight.  The same with her clitoris.
   It was funny, but he felt a sense of power over her.  She was his to
play with.  Like a stringed instrument, pluck one string and she sang
in one key.  Strike another and she sang a completely different song.
   His mouth moved down across her stomach until it came to rest at her
vagina.  He gently blew on her slit.  Debbie reached down and parted
her vaginal lips.  Her hand grabbed the back of his head and pressed
him closer.
   "Do me now, please.  I'm almost there.  All I need is just a little
bit more."
   His tongue slowly moved against her clitoris.
   "Ooh yes, Tommy.  Like that.  Do it faster, please."
   He lifted his face again.  Looking up at her, he asked, "Do what
faster?"
   "Lick me, please?"
   "Lick what?"
   "Comon, Tommy.  Don't tease me.  You want me to talk dirty, is that
it?  Okay.  Eat me, you big fucking stud.  Stick your great big tongue
into my burning hot cunt and fuck me with it."
   "Stop that!" he snapped.  "I don't like that."
   Confused, Debbie shut up.  Thomas realized that she didn't know what
to do next.  He lowered his face and licked her gently.
   "Do you like that?"
   "Yes," she answered, not quite sure.
   He pushed his tongue in and out of her vagina several times.  "Do
you like that?"
   "Oh yes.  Please don't stop."
   "Which do you like better?"
   "Oh your tongue.  I like your tongue best."
   "But I used my tongue both times."
   "In me.  I liked it in me."
   He again licked her, but this time he gently rubbed her clitoris
with his finger.  "And that?  Do you like that better?"
   "Oh yes.  Please Tommy.  Don't tease me like that."
   "I'm not teasing.  I'm just trying to figure out what you like
best."
   "I like it all!  Just don't stop, please Tommy?"
   "And when I do this?"  He took her clitoris between his lips and
gently sucked it.
   "Yes, oh God yes."
   "Or this?"  Again he took her clitoris between his lips and flicked
his tongue as fast as he could across it.
   "That's it.  Oh God, Tommy, yes."
   He realized he was tormenting her.  The thought excited him.  But
then he felt guilty about it.  He continued to work on her clitoris,
sucking and tonguing it.
   "Oh God Tommy, I coming again," Debbie cried out as she wrapped her
arms around his head.
   He didn't stop what he was doing until Debbie gently lifted his face
from between her legs.
   "I love you, " she whispered as she hugged him tight to her.  He
pulled her down next to him on the floor.  He ran his hands over her
body.  Debbie wrapped her arms around him and snuggled against him. 
Her hand found his erect penis and lightly stroked it.
   "You're so good to me," she said.
   "Am I?  I'm sure the other guys were too."
   "No, you don't understand.  The others were only interested in what
I would do for them.  They never tried to make me feel good like you
do.  You always do me first and never make demands.  You're very
special."
   "Were there a lot of guys before me?"
   "No one special like you."
   "That's not what I asked.  How many others were there?"
   Debbie turned her face away from his questioning eyes.
   "Are you ashamed to tell me?" he asked.
   "Well, you're not suppose to talk about old boyfriends or
girlfriends."
   "Why not?"
   "I dunno.  I guess cause it makes people jealous."
   "Well I never had a girlfriend before so I can't tell you about
them.  But I was curious how many you had before me.  You seem to know
lots of stuff."
   "Well, I never really had a boyfriend before either.  Least ways,
none that went out with me for any length of time.  After we would fool
around once or twice, they would kinda not want me around any more."
   "I don't see why not."
   "Well, I guess I'm not what you would consider a good girl.  Just
someone to have a bit of fun with.  But not someone you'd want to take
to the school dance."
   "But if that happened to you all the time, why'd you do it?"
   "But if I didn't do it, they wouldn't ever go out with me at all. 
I'm not pretty like Louanne, or smart like that girl, Sandy.  I'm just
plain.  But I got big titties and I know how to use my mouth.  So I use
what I got."
   "It seems to me, you'd be better off if you just waited until you
found someone who liked you for yourself, and not for what they could
get you to do."
   "Yeah right.  And if I hadn't sucked you off the first night, would
you be here now?"
   Thomas thought for a moment.  "I didn't want to go out with you that
first night at all.  It was only because Rodger and Dale teased me that
I agreed.  But I never went out with any girl before.  So you can't
really use me as an example."
   "That's not what I asked you.  Would you have seen me again after,
if I hadn't given you a blowjob?  If I hadn't promised that we would do
even more the next time we were alone?"
   "I guess so."
   "You guess so?  You don't know?  You, Mr. Goody-Two-Shoes, can't
give me an honest answer?"
   "Okay, so probably I wouldn't have gone out with you again.  But I
probably wouldn't have gone out with any girl again.  It wasn't just
you."
   "So it was only for the sex that you agreed to see me again?"
   "Okay, yes.  But that was before I got to know you.  I would go out
with you now without the sex."
   "Bullshit!  The moment I stop doing that stuff, you'll take off like
all the others.  You don't understand at all.  Besides, I like the sex
part too.  It makes me feel good, sometimes real good.  And it makes me
feel special.  I know I do things others girls don't do.  I know the
guys come to me, and only me, for things they can't get from other
girls."
   "Things?  What kinda things?" Thomas asked.
   "I swallow it when a guy comes.  I'm always surprised at how much
that turns them on.  I don't see the big deal.  It's a lot less messy
that way.  But other girls don't do that.  Even when they say they're
in love, like Louanne."
   "What do you mean like Louanne?"
   "Well she and Rodger are suppose to be so deeply in love.  Yet if
she does suck him off, she always ends up finishing him with her hands. 
Shit, if I was going out with a guy as popular as him, I'd swallow all
he wanted me to."
   Thomas remembered Rodger's comment about good girls not doing stuff
like that.  "What else do you do that the other girls won't?"
   "Well, sometimes if the guy is really nice, I let him fuck my
titties."
   "Excuse me?" Thomas asked, not sure what she was talking about.
   "You know, you stick your cock between my titties and pretend it's a
pussy.  I squeeze them together and as the head of your cock passes
through, I lick it with my tongue.  When you ready to come, you stick
it in my mouth and I finish you with my mouth.  That really turns them
on."
   Thomas tried to imagine what that would be like.  He wasn't quite
certain if he'd like that.
   "Was that the surprise you promised me?"
   "No, I have something better for you."
   "Better than what we've already done?"
   "Sure, way better.  Haven't you ever wanted to fuck?"
   "Er . . . I . . . "
   "Comon, haven't you ever dreamed of fucking someone?  One of the
girls in school, or maybe someone in the movies?"
   "Well, I . . . er . . .  But you're a virgin.  We couldn't do that."
   "We're not really gonna fuck.  But it will feel like it for you."
   "I don't understand.  If we're not really gonna do it, what are we
gonna do?"
   "I only do this with guys I think are very special.  And you are,
Tommy.  I really do love you.  And I don't care if you are only going
out with me for sex.  You make me feel like no one else ever has."
   "You don't have to do any more just for me.  I'm more than happy
with what we are doing," Thomas said, slightly frightened by what
Debbie was planning.
   "No, I want to do this for you.  You'll really love it, too."
   Thomas still looked uncertain.  He was wondering if he wouldn't be
better off if he left.
   "Let me get my purse," Debbie said, as she stood up.  She went to
the table and retrieved it.  Reaching into it, she pulled out a small
tube.  Returning to where Thomas was, she sat down next to him.
   "This is vaseline," she said.  "I rub some of it on the inside of my
thighs like this.  Now let me rub some on your cock.  There, that
should be about right."
   Thomas squirmed as Debbie rubbed the vaseline on his penis.
   "Oh the little guy likes it already.  Look how he jumps when I touch
him."  Debbie gave his penis a little kiss.  "Now kneel here in front
of me."
   Thomas raised himself to his knees.  His shaft stood straight out. 
Debbie turned her back to him and knelt down.  She raised her buttocks
as she lowered her face to the floor.
   "Now move closer, yeah, that's it.  Stick your cock between my legs. 
Yeah, like that.  Now I squeeze my thighs real tight and you move your
cock back and forth.  That's it, like that.  Doesn't that feel good?"
   Thomas tentatively moved his hips forward forcing his shaft through
her closed thighs.  He drew back slowly, enjoying the pleasant
sensation.  The vaseline helped him slip between her legs with ease.
   He pushed against her again.  This time he could feel his penis
strike against her stomach.  Slowly he increased the speed of his
movement.  He was amazed by the feeling he received as his shaft rubbed
against her thighs.
   "Do you like it?" Debbie asked.
   "Oh, yes.  I can't believe it," he managed to reply.
   "I call it a fake fuck.  We can do this all you want, and I still
remain a virgin."
   Thomas moved faster, his legs slamming against her buttocks.  His
testicles bounced against her legs causing small shockwaves to travel
up and down his body.  His breathing became ragged and his heart beat
faster.
    He squeezed his eyes shut in an attempt to concentrate of the
feelings between his legs.  Debbie's fingers caressed the tip of his
penis each time it passed through her legs.  She was driving him crazy.
   "Do you like it?" she asked.
   "Oh yes," he groaned in response.
   "Do you love it?"
   "Yes, God, yes."
   "Do you love me?"
   "God, it feels good," he answered.
   "Say you love me, please?" she asked.
   "I love what you do to me," he answered.
   "No, say you love me." she demanded as she widened her legs.
   The loss of sensation caused him to falter in his movement.  "No! 
Please!  Just a little more," he begged.
   "Say you love me.  I don't care if you lie, just say it.  Please
Tommy?"
   He tried to rub against one thigh to recapture the feeling he
wanted.
   "Say it, damn it," Debbie cried out. Her hand grabbed his shaft and
squeezed it hard.  "Just say it once, please Tommy."  Her fingernails
dug into his shaft, causing him pain.
   Tommy tried to push her way, but she kept hold of his penis.  She
once again clamped her thighs tight around his shaft.  Her hips moved
back and forth as her fingers teased the tip of his reddened rod.
   "I can make you feel real good, Tommy.  Just say it for me.  I'll
never ask you again.  Say you love me, please?"
   Once again the intense pleasure surged through him.  He responded to
Debbie's attention by pumping harder against her.  His testicles felt
as if they would soon explode.
   Debbie spread her legs apart and moved forward, away from him. 
"Damn you, you bastard.  What do I have to do to get you to say you
love me.  What do you want?  You don't have to mean it, just say it. 
Do you want to fuck me for real?  Is that it?"
   She rolled onto her back and spread her legs apart.  "Just say it,
and you can stick it in."
   It was if she had suddenly slapped him across the face.  He felt
very cold.
   "Please Debbie, don't do that."
   "You wanna fuck me, I know it.  Just say it and you can.  You can do
anything you want, but say you love me."
   "Please Debbie, don't do this.  Why is it so important that I say
it?"
   "Just say it.  Never mind why, just say it."
   "But I don't understand."
   "Fuck you!  Why do you need to understand.  Just say it."
   He crawled to her and tried to hold her in his arms.  She started
sobbing the moment he touched her.
   "Please don't, Debbie.  If it is so important to you, I'll say it. 
But I want to understand why you need me to."
   "I love you," she sobbed. "and I want you to love me.  I need you to
love me.  I can't explain it.  Even if I know deep down you really
don't mean it, it just makes everything right.  Would it hurts so much
just to tell me a little white lie?"
   The pain reflected in her eyes tore at his heart.  He realize that
she needed to pretend she was loved.  She would do almost anything to
feel loved.  If she only realized just how special she really was.  Not
for what she did, but because of who she was.  A beautiful person just
wanting to love someone, and be loved in return.
   He wasn't sure what he was feeling.  Her pain hurt him.  And he knew
he wanted to be with her.  And not just for sex.  He wanted to be near
her, and hold her like he was now.  Okay, maybe they could fool around
a little.  He did like that too.  But even if they never did anything
again, he knew he still wanted to be with her.
   He held her tight, and gently kissed the tears from her face.  "I
love you," he whispered.  Debbie stiffened in his arms.  "I love you,"
he said louder.
   "Oh Tommy, thank you.  You don't know how much that meant to me.  I
don't care if you mean it or not.  You can stick it in me now," she
said as she tried to roll onto her back.
   "No, you don't understand.  I didn't say it for that.  I mean it. 
I've never felt this way about someone before.  And it's more than just
the sex thing.  And it's more than just liking someone.  So I guess you
can call it love."
   "You don't have to explain, really.  And I promised you something
extra special today.  So you can fuck me if you want to."
   "Stop it!  You're not listening.  I said I love you.  Not to fuck
you.  Not so we can do something else.  But because I realize that I
want to be with you.  Or rather I don't want to be without you.  I
don't want to fuck you now, or ever."
   "Someday, maybe we'll make love.  Make love, not fuck, do you hear
me?  We'll show each other just how much we really do love one another. 
But not today.  Things are happening too fast for me."
   "I've never been in love before.  I've never done a lot of things
we've done and felt in the past two days.  I need some time to sort
things out.  Right now, I'm just happy to hold you in my arms.  I don't
need anything else."
   "Oh God, you really do mean it," Debbie said as she rained kisses on
his face.
   "Yes, I do.  God this is crazy.  I just met you.  But I can't
imagine what I'm feeling is anything else.  I love you, Debbie."
   "And I love you, Tommy.  God, how I love you."
   They kissed tenderly, holding each other tightly.
   "Tommy, you need to know a few things about me.  I never answered
your questions before about the other guys."
   "I don't care about them."
   "No, let me do this, please?  I want no secrets between us.  There
were eight all together.  The first was two years ago.  He was the
first one I sucked off.  But he dumped me when I refused to swallow
it."
   "I didn't make that mistake with the second one.  But he wanted more
than that, and I wouldn't let him.  I meant it when I said I'm still a
virgin."
   "It was the fourth guy that taught me the trick with my titties. 
But he moved away.  The next two guys weren't satisfied with that and I
found myself alone again."
   "It was then I came up with the idea for the fake fuck.  And the
next guy loved it.  We went out for almost six months.  But his father
caught us one day, and he wasn't allowed to see me again."
   "I didn't do it with the last guy though.  He only went out with me
once or twice, and then dumped me for someone else.  So I guess you
could say I've a bit of a reputation.  A lot of people are gonna say
you're only going out with me 'cause I fool around.  You might be
better off if we pretended we weren't going out together."
   "I don't care what others think.  What you did before doesn't matter
either.  What matters is we have each other, here and now."
   "Oh Tommy, you make me so happy," said Debbie as she started crying
again.
   "Comon, stop that.  I said I love you.  Don't cry."
   "I can't help it.  I've never been this happy before," sobbed
Debbie.
   Thomas couldn't make any sense of her.  She cried when she was
unhappy, and when she was happy.  Not knowing what else to do, he just
held her.  Debbie finally managed to control her crying.  She kissed
him as her hand moved to grasp his penis.
   "Don't, Debbie.  You don't have to do that stuff."
   "But I want to," she said with grin.  She gently ran her nails along
the underside of his now limp penis.  Her mouth moved down his chest
seeking his nipple.  As her tongue flicked across it, a shiver went
through him. 
   Thomas felt himself harden as Debbie's hand continued to play with
his shaft.  He watched as she slithered further down his body until her
mouth was poised above his fully erect penis.
   "This poor little thing still hasn't had his reward," she said as
her tongue licked his now throbbing penis.  "You don't really want me
to stop, do you?"
   "Well, if you really want to.  I guess it wouldn't matter," he
stammered.
   "Oh, I'll stop if you insist," she said just before she took the tip
in her mouth.  Her tongue wound around the rim of his shaft's tip,
sending searing hot flashes deep within his testicles.
   "Oh God, please don't stop," he pleaded.
   "You sure you don't want me to stop?" she teased.
   "You do, and I'll never do you again," he answered as he reached
down to grab her head.
   She moved away quickly, avoiding him.  He scrambled to his knees and
crawled after her.  Debbie slid along the floor on her stomach.  He
overtook her and raised her head to his lap.
   "What were you saying about this poor fellow?" he asked as he
brushed her mouth with his penis.
   "He doesn't look so poor now," She giggled in reply.  "Actually he
looks quite healthy."
   "Well don't let looks deceive you.  He is actually in need of a lot
of care right now."
   "Oh, the poor baby.  Maybe if I give him a little kiss like this,"
said Debbie as she lightly tongued the small opening at the tip.
   "God yes!"
   "Or maybe he's cold and he'd like this better," she said as she took
him deep in her mouth.
   "Yes, yes," was all Thomas could say.
   Debbie moved so she was kneeling in front of him.  Her hands grasped
the base of his shaft tightly as her mouth moved rapidly up and down. 
Thomas felt his testicles contract as the pressure became unbearable.
   "Debbie?  Debbie, your dad's on the phone for you," called Louanne
as she came running down the stairs.
   "Shit, not now," exclaimed Debbie as she lifted her head from
Thomas' lap.
   "You better hurry," Louanne said.  "He sounded pretty mad to me."
   As Debbie turned to answer Louanne,  Thomas felt himself start to
climax.  Debbie, her face half-turned towards Louanne, caught the first
spurt of his cum across her nose.  As she moved to get up, the second
spurt hit her buttocks.  Debbie rushed upstairs to take the phone.
   Thomas couldn't stop himself.  Having lost the warmth of Debbie's
mouth, he grabbed his shaft and pumped madly.  He held up one hand to
catch the sticky cum so that it wouldn't soil the floor.
   Louanne suddenly realized what she had interrupted.  She stood
transfixed as Thomas continued to jerk off.  She knew she shouldn't be
watching.  But she couldn't tear her eyes away from what he was doing.
   The urgency over, Thomas continued to milk his penis slowly, trying
to get every bit of pleasure possible.  He was surprised to find that
he wasn't embarrassed by Louanne watching him. Actually it was kind of
exciting.  Feeling absolutely wicked, he asked," Wanna lick?"
   His comment seemed to bring Louanne back to life.  "Oh, you're
disgusting!" she snapped at him.  She walked over to the table, and
picking up a box of kleenex, threw it at him.  "Why don't you clean
yourself off.  And you better make sure you haven't messed the rug."
   Thomas easily caught the flying box.  He grabbed several kleenex and
wiped his hand.  His penis was still erect.  He gently wiped it too,
enjoying the stabs of pleasure he felt.
   "Fuck, the bastard was checking up on me," Debbie said as she came
down the stairs.  "He wanted to know why I was over here for so long. 
I told him that we weren't finished studying yet.  And he said if I
wasn't home in thirty minutes, I'd never go anywhere again."
   Thomas walked over to Debbie and wiped the cum that was still on her
nose.  "Well, we still have almost thirty minutes," he said as he
lowered his head to take her breast in his mouth.
   "Tommy, don't!" Debbie exclaimed.
   He wrapped one arm around her back and the other under her legs.  He
lifted her easily, and carried her to the couch.  He gently lowered her
on it.  Dropping to his knees in front of her, he asked, "Why?"
   "Please Tommy.  I have to go home."
   "Yeah, but not for a while yet," he said as he spread her legs apart
and sank his face between them.  His tongue immediately sought out her
clitoris and licked it.
   "Oh, Tommy.  Please there isn't time.  Oh God, Tommy, don't"
   He ignored her words and forced his tongue deep into her vagina. 
His hands joined in and stoked her clitoris.
   "Ooh Tommy.  We shouldn't.  What about Louanne?"
   Thomas raised his face while his hands continued to caress her
vagina and clitoris.  With a grin, he said, "She'll just have to wait
her turn.  You come first."  He looked at Louanne, challenging her to
say something.  Never breaking eye contact with her, he slowly lowered
his face between Debbie's parted legs.
   As his tongue again made contact with Debbie's now rigid clitoris,
she whimpered, "Please Tommy.  We shouldn't.  It isn't fair.  Oh God,
that feels so good."
   As she entwined her hands in his hair, Thomas knew she really didn't
want him to stop.  Soon she was begging him to stop teasing her.
   "Oh Tommy, just a little more, please?  Oh yes, like that.  No. 
Please don't tease.  Do me right.  Please Tommy.  My god, you're
driving me crazy."
   He glanced at Louanne and saw she was still standing there, watching
them.  The thought of one girl watching while another begged him to eat
her, excited him more.  He continued to tease Debbie so she would beg
louder just to see how Louanne would react.
   But Louanne did nothing.  She just stood there, her hands at her
side, her face expressionless.  Feeling a little disappointed, Thomas
concentrated on making Debbie come.
   Debbie was moaning loudly by now. "God yes.  That's it.  Tommy, my
sweet Tommy.  I'm coming.  God, yes I'm coming."
   As Debbie squirmed beneath him in the throes of her orgasm, Thomas
once again glanced over at Louanne.  But she was no longer there.  He
wasn't sure why he felt disappointed.
   Debbie reached out and pulled his face to hers. "I love you so
much," she said as she kissed him.  "I don't ever want to lose you." 
They clung to each other and exchanged words of love.


 -- Chapter Nine

   "If you expect to get home on time, you better get moving," Louanne
said to Debbie..
   "Oh shit," Debbie swore.  "We better hurry and get dressed.  If I
blow this, I don't when we'll ever see each other again," she said as
she jumped up from the couch.  She grabbed her discarded clothing and
quickly put them on.
   "I brought down you school books," Louanne said.  "Luckily we got a
lot done before he showed up if your Dad asks to see what we did."
   "God yes.  I almost forgot about that.  I bet he'll want to see
everything we did.  Well, I have that report I wrote at school last
week, too.  There should be enough."
   Turning to Thomas, she added, "You better stay here awhile, in case
he's outside.  That's okay, ain't it, Lou?"
   "Well, if he staying, he better put some clothes on.  But yes, he
can.  Now hurry up.  You don't wanna get into more trouble, do you?"
   Debbie grabbed her books and started for the stairs.  Turning, she
ran back to Thomas and threw her arms around him.  "I don't want to go. 
Oh Tommy, I love you so much."
   "I love you too.  But you have to go.  I'll see you at school.  And
you're only grounded for a few more days.  We'll have plenty of time to
spend together after that.  Now get going."
   They kissed goodbye, and Debbie flew up the stairs.
   Thomas watched her go, surprised by the feeling of sadness that came
over him.
   "You bastard!"
   "Pardon me?" he said, turning to face Louanne.
   "You really love her, don't you?"
   "Well yes, I do."
   "Yeah right.  You really love her when she sucks your cock."
   "Hey, that's not why I love her."
   "Oh you love her because she's so sweet?"
   "Yes.  She is sweet."
   "Or is it her cunt's sweet and you get off eating cunt?"
   "I don't have to listen to this.  I don't know why you're so upset
at me."
   "And what about me?" Louanne asked as she moved closer to him. 
"Would you love me too if I sucked you off?  If I let you eat me?"
   Her hand reached out and wrapped around his penis.  Thomas froze at
the contact.
   "Isn't that all you really want?  Just someone to suck your dirty
cock, someone to swallow your disgusting cum?"
   "Don't!" Tommy yelled as he tried to move away from her.
   "Comon,  I can take care of you, too.  You don't need to mess around
with her," Louanne said as she moved after him.
   "You're crazy!  I don't want you.  Let me outta here.  Get away from
me."  Thomas ran to get his clothes.
   "I told you I wouldn't stand by and watch you hurt her," Louanne
yelled at him.
   "I ain't gonna hurt her.  I love her.  I couldn't hurt her."
   "Bullshit!  How can you love her.  You only just met her."
   "I don't know.  All I know is I do.  I told her that we didn't have
to do any of that sex stuff.  I was happy just being with her.  But she
wanted to."
   "Don't lie to me.  I saw you.  You're sick."
   "I'm sick?  I'm sick!  What the hell are you?  You were the one who
stood there and watched.  Now if that ain't sick."
   "I . . . er . . .  But you . . ." Louanne stammered, not sure what
to say.
   "Look, I don't know how to make you understand.  I'm not even sure
why I need to.  But I really do love Debbie.  I mean it.  She makes me
feel like. . . I don't know.  But I do know it ain't just the sex.  I
admit I like that part too.  God, I never imagined it could be that
good.  But if tomorrow, she said no more, it wouldn't matter.  Just as
long as we can be together.  That's all that matters."
   Louanne watched as Thomas hurriedly put on his clothing.  She felt
confused.  Could he really mean it?  Was she so worried that Debbie
would be hurt again, that she couldn't see that they were really in
love?
   Did she even know what love was any more?  She thought she and
Rodger were in love.  But after what he did yesterday, could she be
sure?  Maybe she was all wrong about weird Tom.
   "Look, I'm sorry.  But Debbie means a lot to me.  I don't want to
see her hurt again," Louanne said.
   "She means a lot to me too.  And I'm not going to hurt her," Thomas
replied as he pushed his shirt into his pants.  "Maybe it would be
better if I just left."
   "Okay, so maybe I was wrong.  Look about what I did before, you
don't need to say anything to Debbie, okay?"
   "What you did?" asked Thomas.
   "You know, when I touched your . . . er . . . thing.  I wouldn't
have really done anything, I was just . . ."
   "Hey, forget it.  It didn't mean anything.  But you did kinda scare
me for a moment."
   "Well, just as long as you don't say anything.  I'm really sorry."
   "Oh, I won't say anything to Debbie.  But maybe Rodger . . ."
   "You wouldn't," Louanne yelped.
   "Well, it's only fair.  You tested me to see if I really loved
Debbie.  This could be a kinda test to see how much he loves you,"
Thomas said with a grin.
   "You're only teasing," Louanne said, relieved.
   "You didn't really think I'd tell him, did you?  That's not the
kinda thing you go around telling people."
   "Well, I wasn't sure.  I don't know you all that well.  And some
people think you do weird things and all."
   "Why don't we just forget it ever happened.  I better get going. 
Figure I'll head over to the school.  There's suppose to be a ball game
going on.  And that's where I told my mom I was going this afternoon."
   "Hey, I'll walk over with you.  Rodger was suppose to be there.  But
I think you should go first.  It wouldn't look right if someone saw us
leaving together.  Sneak out the back, and wait for me at the corner,
okay?"
   "Okay.  And Lou?"
   "Yeah?"
   "Thanks for letting Debbie and me meet here today."
   "That's okay.  You can do it again if you want the next time my
step-mom isn't home.  You better get going."


 -- Chapter Ten

   Thomas waited outside for Louanne, and together they headed to the
school.  They arrived at the playing field as the game was just
finishing.  Rodger noticed them and walked over to where they were
standing.
   "What the fuck are you doing with him?" Rodger asked Louanne.
   "I met him on the way over," Louanne replied.
   "Where the hell have you been all afternoon.  You were suppose to be
here after lunch?"
   "I was studying with Debbie and didn't realize the time."
   "You made me look pretty stupid.  I told all the guys you'd be here. 
It looked like you stood me up.  I don't know what's gotten into you,
lately."
   Louanne was embarrassed by the way Rodger was acting.  "I'm sorry. 
I'll try not to do it again."
   "Yeah, you better not.  Well we're heading over to Dale's house. 
You wanna come along, Tom?"
   Thomas was amazed at the way Rodger was treating Louanne.  And the
way she allowed him.  Remembering how mad she had been at him earlier,
he was surprised that she did nothing now.  But he figured it really
wasn't any of his business.
   In answer to Rodger's invitation, he said, "Well, I don't know.  I
don't want to be in the way, or anything."
   "Oh come on," Louanne said to him.  "You said you were working at
the church all day.  You should come along and relax a bit."
   "Well if you don't think I'd be in the way?"
   "Yeah, Lou's right," added Rodger.  "You're always so stuffy.  You
need to unwind a bit.  There ain't gonna be a lot of people there
anyways.  Just Dale and Sandy.  And we can listen to the White Snake
album again.  You ain't gonna believe it.  The sucker really screams."
   "Well okay, but I can't stay too long.  I have to be home in time
for supper."
   "Let's get going then," Rodger said.  He threw his arm around
Louanne, and called to Dale and Sandy to wait for them.
   The five of them headed to Dale's house.  Once there, they went down
to the basement.  Dale put the album on the stereo and turned up the
volume.  He and Sandy sat on one of the couches and immediately started
necking.
   Rodger and Louanne were doing the same thing.  Thomas felt a bit
awkward and tried to concentrate on the music.  But he found he kept
glancing over at Louanne.
   Rodger took Louanne's hand and placed it in his lap.  She tried to
pull her hand away, but Rodger just held it more tightly.
   She tried to push him away, but he simply wrapped his arm tightly
around her neck.  As she tried to speak, he smashed his mouth roughly
against her, muffling her words.  She struggled for a moment or two to
no avail.  The harder she tried to push him away, the more he hurt her. 
She stopped resisting him, and he relaxed his hold on her.
   She tried again to remove, her hand and he tightened his arm around
her neck.  She gave up fighting him.  He moved her hand back and forth
against his crotch.
   When he stopped, and she just let her hand rest there, he again
squeezed her neck.  Louanne quickly rubbed him without further
encouragement.  He pushed his hand up her sweater.
   Louanne raised her hand to prevent him.  But he simply pushed it
back to his crotch and returned his hand to her breast.  He broke their
kiss and whispered, "Comon baby, don't give me a hard time."
   "Please Rodger, not here," she whispered back.
   "But I love you.  And it's been so long.  I'm really hurting, Lou." 
Rodger pushed her sweater up over her breasts and started kissing them
through her bra.  His hand pulled one breast free, and his mouth
attacked her nipple.
   "Please Rodger," she pleaded as she tried to pull down her sweater.
   His hand shot out and grabbed hers.  He squeezed her wrist and
twisted.
   "You're hurting me," she cried.
   "I'll do more than that if you don't cut this shit out," he snarled.
   "But there are other people . . ."
   "Shit, what are you talking about.  There's only Dale and Sandy, and
they're busy doing their own thing."
   "But Tom?"
   "Let him watch if he wants.  Maybe it'll give him a thrill watching
a real man take care of his girl."
   "Please Rodger, don't."
   "Shut up, or I'll break your fucking neck," he growled as he wrapped
his arm around her neck again.  "You love me, don't you?"
   When Louanne didn't answer immediately, he tightened his grip on her
neck.  "Don't you?"
   "Yes, Rodger, yes.  Please stop, you're hurting me."
   "Good.  Then show me how much by rubbing my cock and giving me a
kiss."
   Feeling helpless, Louanne did as he asked.  His hand again roughly
rubbed her breast as his mouth tore into hers.
   Thomas tried to ignore them.  But what he had seen made him feel
sick.  He quietly got up and left.  Once outside, he wondered if he
should have done something to help Louanne.  But as he reminded
himself, it was none of his business.  Besides it as getting late.  He
hurried home.
   The couples continued, unaware Thomas had left.  Rodger pulled his
penis out of his pants and place it in Louanne's hand.
   Rodger placed one of his hands on the back of her neck and forced
her face down.  He raised his hips, forcing his erect penis in her
mouth.  Using both hands now, he forcibly moved her head up and down on
his shaft.  Louanne tried to break away from him but couldn't.
   Faster and faster he moved his hips until he seemed to go rigid.  He
moved her head even faster as he climaxed.  Louanne was making gagging
noises as she continued to try to break free.  His cum dribbled from
the sides of her mouth.
   He lifted her face from his now softening penis and clamped a hand
across her mouth and nose.  "Comon, baby, swallow it.  It ain't that
bad.  Show me how much you love me by swallowing it."
   Louanne tried to spit, but his hand prevented her.  She also found
that she couldn't breathe with his hand blocking her nose.  His other
hand grabbed the back of her neck.
   "Comon baby, just once.  It can't hurt you."
   Left with no choice, she swallowed hard several times.  Rodger let
go of her, saying, "See, it didn't kill you, did it?"
   Louanne struck him hard across the face.  "You bastard!"
   Rodger laughed.  He slowly pulled her to him and kissed her. 
Louanne tried again to slap him but his hand caught hers.
   "You don't want to do that.  Shit, all I asked was you to swallow it
once.  And you go and smack me?"
   He wrapped one arm around her neck  and clasped a hand across her
mouth.  His other hand grabbed her naked breast and twisted violently. 
"If you ever try something like that again, I'll beat the shit out of
you?  Do you understand?"
   Louanne, her eyes wide with fear, tried to shake her head yes.
   "That's better.  I don't understand why you always give me so much
trouble.  But no more.  I'm fed up with all your shit.  If you want to
go out with me, you'll do what I want.  Otherwise, I'll kick your ass
and find someone else.  Now lick my cock clean."  He forced her face
back down in his lap and held it there while she did as he said.
   When she finished, he pushed his now limp penis back into his pants. 
He pushed her away, telling her to straighten out her clothing.  Now
that he had been taken care of, he no longer seemed interested her.
   "I should be getting home, in case my step-mom calls," Louanne said
tentatively.
   "That sounds like a good idea," Rodger responded.  "You don't need
me to walk you, do you?"
   "No, that's okay.  I can manage."
   "Good.  Cause I don't have much energy right now.  You kinda drained
it all out of me.  I'll see you later though, right?"
   "I dunno.  I'm not feeling all that well and . . ."
   "Don't give me that fucking headache shit again.  You promised we
would go to the playing field tonight, remember?"
   "Yeah, but I don't think . . ."
   Rodger grabbed her arm.  "Don't start that shit again.  You
promised.  I don't want to hurt you again, but if that's what . . ."
   "No.  Rodger don't.  I'll go.  Really I will."
   "Okay.  For a moment there, I thought I'd have to teach you all over
again.  I'll be by about seven.  And we can practice what you learned
today.  If you only knew how good it feels when you suck me like that."
   Louanne simply nodded her head in agreement.  "He's crazy," she
thought.  All she wanted was to get away from him.  "Okay, I'll see you
later.  But I really have to get home."
   "Sure, no problem," he said as he gave her kiss.  "Boy, are we gonna
have fun tonight."
   Louanne ran from the house, tears streaming down her face.  Praying
that there was someway she could avoid meeting Rodger later, she ran
home.  Once home, she tried to figure out what to do.


 -- Chapter Eleven

   Louanne sat in the house, wondering how she could avoid seeing
Rodger.  Her mother wasn't due home until tomorrow after lunch.  She
thought about Debbie.  Maybe she could stay over at her house tonight. 
She hurried to the phone and dialled Debbie's number.
   Debbie's father answered.  Louanne asked to speak to Debbie.  He
wasn't very pleased, but called Debbie to the phone anyways.
   "Hello?" Debbie answered.
   "Debbie?  It's Lou.  I need a favor."
   "What's the matter, Lou?  Are you okay?"
   Louanne thought what she should tell Debbie.  If Rodger ever found
out that she had told Debbie what had happened, he'd probably freak. 
But if she didn't say something, Debbie might not realize just how
frightened she really was.
   "Yeah.  I'm okay.  It's just that I don't want to stay here alone. 
Can I stay at you house tonight?"
   "I'll have to check with my Dad.  But I don't see any reason why
not.  You sure you're okay?"
   "Yeah, I'm okay.  I'll explain it to you when I come over.  That is
if your Dad says it's okay."
   "Hold on while I check with him," Debbie said.
   Waiting for Debbie to come back to the phone, Louanne prayed the her
dad said yes.  If he didn't, she didn't know what she would do.
   "Louanne?" Debbie asked as she returned to the phone.
   "I'm still here," Louanne answered.
   "Dad said sure.  He doesn't like the idea of you staying alone
anyways.  Matter of fact, he asked if you wanted to come for supper?"
   "I'd love to.  I'll be there as soon as I pack a bag.  And thanks,
Debbie.  Thanks a lot."
   "Okay I'll see you when you get here.  Take care, Lou."
   Louanne raced around the house, filling an overnight bag.  She left
a note for her step-mother saying where she was staying.  "Just in case
she gets home before me," Louanne thought.  She locked the door and
hurried to Debbie's house.
   She thought she saw Rodger several times on the way to Debbie's
house.  The thought frightened her so much, she ran the last several
blocks.
   Debbie must have been watching for her, because the moment she
neared the front door, it opened.
   "Are you okay, Lou?" Debbie asked, concerned.
   "Oh thank God.  Boy, am I glad to see you," Louanne said as she
threw her arms around Debbie.
   Debbie took her bag and led her inside.  She took Louanne
immediately up to her bedroom.  Closing the door, she laid Louanne's
bag on the floor.
   "Okay, tell me what the hell is going on?"
   "It's nothing Debbie, really.  I just kinda got spooked being alone
in the house."
   "Who the hell do you think you're bullshitting?  You've stayed alone
in that house a dozen times.  Now tell me what's really the matter."
   "I can't.  I want to, but I'm afraid what will happen if I do. 
Please don't make me?"  Louanne started to cry.
   Debbie went to her friend and put her arms around her.  "Hey, it's
okay now.  You don't have to tell me a thing.  Is there anything I can
do to help?"
   "Oh Debbie, if you only knew how much you're helping just by letting
me be here now.  Oh god, I'm so frightened."
   "Did something happen?  Did someone hurt you?" Debbie asked.
   "Let's just say that Rodger and I had a fight, and I don't want to
see him right now."
   "What did the bastard do?  If he tried anything . . ."
   "No!  No, nothing like that.  Believe me Debbie, it was nothing like
that.  It's just . . ."  Louanne again broke into tears.  She didn't
dare tell Debbie what happened.  Rodger was crazy.  And there was no
telling what he would do if he found out.  She had to make certain
Debbie never suspected what Rodger had really done to her that day.
   Managing to control her crying, she continued.  "We had a quarrel,
that's all.  It was our first fight, and I guess I'm pretty upset."
   "Well, don't worry about a thing.  You're staying here tonight.  And
tomorrow I'll walk you home after we're sure your step-mom's there. 
Let's get washed up and go down to eat.  My father hates it when I
don't get to the table on time."
   During dinner, Louanne thought of how she and Debbie were really
close friends.  It was kind of surprising as they were so different
personality wise.  But they did have several things in common.
   Both girls had lost their mothers when they were young.  And until
her dad had remarried, they were both raised by their fathers.  She and
Debbie had been in school together since kindergarten.
   They didn't always hang out in the same crowd.  But they still spent
a lot of time together.  And Louanne thought, Debbie was the only
person she could really talk to about things.  Things like personal
problems, boys, love and even sex.
   Louanne was always amazed by how Debbie used sex to get a boy.  And
she knew Debbie did a lot of things that she would never think of
doing.  But she had learned a lot from Debbie about sex, and how to
handle guys when they wanted you to do certain things.
   Louanne thought of the hours they spent describing in detail what
they had done on dates.  What they had done to the guys and what the
guys had done to them.  It had become kind of a contest between the two
girls.
   A contest to see who could do the most without really going all the
way.  Debbie was far less inhibited than Louanne.  And she didn't seem
to mind doing stuff that Louanne couldn't see herself doing.
   Louanne wondered if she was more like Debbie, would this afternoon
with Rodger have ever happened.  Was she making a bigger deal out of it
than she really needed to?  What would it have hurt if she had
swallowed his cum?  Debbie always said it was a lot less messy that
way.
   And, she had to admit, she had been thinking about doing it anyways. 
It really was a small thing to do for someone you loved.  And when
Debbie had told her about what Tommy had done,  Louanne thought it
might be the way to get Rodger to do the same thing to her.
   But this afternoon changed that.  She still couldn't believe how
violent Rodger had been.  And when he had hurt her breast, the look on
his face had frightened her even more.  It was like he really enjoyed
it.
   She wished she had someone to talk to.  Someone she could go to for
advise.  She wished she was closer to her step-mother.  But they never
really ever talked about things.  Louanne didn't care too much for her
step-mother.  She never really forgave her father for re-marrying, and
then dying like he did.
   Dinner finished, Louanne helped Debbie clean off the table.  The two
girls washed the dishes and cleaned up the kitchen.  Debbie suggested
that they go up to her room to listen to some records when they
finished.
   Once in Debbie's room, Louanne selected an album and put it on the
turntable.
   "Okay, what gives?" Debbie demanded.  "You were so quiet at dinner. 
That's not like you.  I know you said you didn't want to tell me about
it.  But I can't stand seeing you like this."
   Louanne thought she had to tell Debbie something.  Either that, or
the girl would never leave her alone.  But she didn't dare tell her the
truth.  She tried to think of something that was close enough to the
truth so Debbie wouldn't suspect she was lying.
   "I told you Rodger and me had a fight."
   "Yeah, but what about?"
   "Well it all started when we went to Dale's after the ball game this
afternoon."
   "Ball game?  Dale's?  When did this happen?"
   "After you left, I went to meet Rodger over at the school.  A bunch
of the guys were playing ball.  After the game, we went to Dale's to
listen to some music."
   "Oh, yeah, one of those.  Turn the lights low, turn the music up
high and hope the parents don't come down and catch you doing
something.  Am I right?"
   "Well, yeah.  But anyways, Rodger and I were necking.  But he wanted
more.  First, he had me rub his cock.  And then suck it.  And then he
forced me to swallow his cum"
   "Gee, I dunno Louanne.  You two have done most of that before.  So
what was the big deal?"
   "Well for starters, I didn't want to.  And he hurt me."
   "He hurt you?  How?  What did the son of a bitch do to you?"
   Louanne realized that she had already said too much.  She could
picture Debbie going after Rodger.  That was all she needed.  It wasn't
bad enough he was mad at her for refusing him.  If he found out she
told someone about what he did, he'd probably kill her.
   "He pulled my hair.  And he grabbed me."
   "He grabbed you?"
   "Yeah, he grabbed my breasts when he started to come.  It hurt."
   "I'm sure he didn't even realize it.  Guys get excited like that
sometimes.  But if he was really mean to you, you have to tell
someone."
   "Well it wasn't so much that he was mean.  It was just, I dunno. 
Not every girl is as easy as you, you know."
   "Easy as me?" Debbie asked, a hurt look on her face.  "What do you
mean easy as me?"
   Louanne felt really bad talking to Debbie like this.  But she
couldn't think of any other way to get Debbie to back off.
   "Well, you know what I mean.  You seem to like doing stuff like
that.  Sucking cock and all.  I don't like it."
   "So that makes me easy?  You've sucked cock too.  And you've
swallowed the cum too.  So why am I easy, but you're not."
   "I didn't mean it like that.  I'm sorry.  I guess I'm just upset.  I
know Rodger's always trying to get me to do it.  Today he just tried
harder than usual.  And I guess he was a bit rougher than usual.  I was
frightened."
   Still smarting from Louanne's remark, Debbie said, "Okay.  So maybe
he wasn't nice.  And you have a good reason to be upset.  But you bring
it on yourself.  You two have been going out for a while.  It would
seem to me you'd want to do things like that for him.  I mean he is the
most popular guy at school and all.  Besides you say you love him,
don't you?"
   "You don't understand.  It has nothing to do with love."
   "Look, I know you and I disagree on this.  But listen to me for a
moment.  A girl's gotta do stuff like that if she expects the guy to
hang around.  Otherwise they just find someone who will.  And it ain't
no big thing to suck someone off.  It ain't like you're going all the
way, or anything like that."
   "You're the one who doesn't understand.  You shouldn't have to do
stuff like that, if you don't want.  If he really loved me, he wouldn't
forced me.  That's the point I'm trying to make.  He forced me.  He
didn't ask me, he made me."
   "Okay.  You're right.  He had no right to force you.  But I still
think part of your problem is your attitude about the whole sex thing. 
Look at Tommy and me."
   "If I hadn't done him that first night, he never would have noticed
me.  Sometime you just gotta do stuff like that.  This afternoon, I was
even willing to let him fuck me, if that was what it took to keep him."
   "You didn't?  My God, Debbie."
   "No we didn't.  He didn't want to.  He's so sweet.  But the point is
that sometimes you have to do things you really don't want to do, if
you don't want to lose the guy."
   "You and Rodger have been going out for a while.  And you have to
figure out just how much you want to continue going out with him.  If
you want to dump him, okay.  I personally think you'd be making a big
mistake, but that's up to you."
   "If you want to hang on to him though, you're gonna have to change
the way you think.  Lots of couples do that stuff, even more.  But it's
your decision."
   Louanne was confused.  Was Debbie right?  Was she wrong not to do
those things for Rodger?  She did love him.  Or thought she did until
today.
   "Look," Debbie added, "this fight might just be the best thing for
you two.  Rodger has been taking you too much for granted anyways.  You
just avoid him the next several days and let him stew."
   "He'll soon come to realize just how miserable he is without you. 
And probably he'll be feeling real sorry about how he treated you too. 
After he's suffered for a few days, you can see him again.  I bet it
will be better between you two after this."
   "And if you follow a few suggestions from me, you have him eating
outta your hands.  Or even better, your pussy."
   "God, you're terrible," Louanne laughed, despite how she felt.  "Is
that all you can think about?"
   "Hey, don't knock it, girl.  If you only knew what it feels like
when you come like that.  When my sweet Tommy is between my legs, I
can't imagine there being anything better in the whole world."
   "You really like the guy, huh?"
   "Lou, I've never felt like this with anyone else.  And like he says,
it is more than just the sex stuff.  I look at him, and my heart races. 
I feel him near me and I can't see anything else. And it hurts when he
isn't near me.  It hurts in here," she said, holding her hand to her
chest.
   "Oh, your boobs hurt?" Louanne teased."
   "No!  Damn you.  My heart hurts.  It's like something is missing.  A
part of me is gone.  And I'm only whole when he's with me.  Do I sound
crazy?"
   "Yeah.  You're crazy, crazy in love.  I'm so happy for you, Debbie. 
I only hope he isn't taking advantage of you."
   "Oh, he couldn't do anything like that.  I don't know how I know
that, but I do.  All I have to do is look into his eyes when he says he
loves me, and know he does.  Damn, I wish I was with him right now."
   Louanne wondered why she didn't feel the same way about Rodger.  Did
she really love him?  Or was she only going out with him because he was
so popular.
   She did feel good when she was with him.  And she did miss him when
he wasn't around.  But she never felt like Debbie.  Maybe people just
felt love in different ways.
   She wondered what Rodger was doing tonight.  And how he would react
when he didn't find her at home.  Debbie was right.  It would do him
good not to see her for a few days.

                              --- *** ---

   "Fuck," Rodger swore.  "Where the hell is the bitch?"  He paced in
front of her house.  He had rung the bell, even banged on the damn
door, but there had been no answer.  "If she thinks she can play games
with me," he thought.
   Rodger took off to Dale's.  Maybe it's time for a change.  The cunt
was becoming boring anyways.  Fuck!  Lately, she wouldn't even suck him
off unless he made a big issue of it.
   And this afternoon, she actually had the nerve to slap him.  She
should be thankful he didn't break her fucking arm.  He didn't need
that shit.  There were lots of other girls who would be more than happy
to go out with him.  And a lot more willing, too.
   Maybe that's what Lou needed, some competition, he reasoned.  Maybe
he should find someone else.  Yeah, that was it.  But who?  He thought
of several girls who had shown an interest in him.
   Naw, they're no good.  None of them had a rep for fooling around
much.  He wanted someone who he didn't have to play games with, someone
who was easy.
   Debbie!  Now there was a cunt who was easy.  Shit, he bet even weird
Tom was getting some from her.  And didn't Billy Jenkins brag how she'd
do almost anything.  Now that was what he was looking for.
   But damn, she was Lou's best friend.  She probably wouldn't go out
with him because of that.  He thought of her big tits and how he loved
to sink his fingers into them.  Shit, there had to be a way.
   "If I could only get her alone.  She'd be easy.  A slut like her was
always ready, just needed a little priming."  And he was sure he'd have
no trouble doing that.  Even if he had to rough her up a bit.
   Most cunts would do anything you wanted after you slapped them
around a few times.  And sometimes, he enjoyed that part the best.  But
how to get her alone?  By the time he arrived at Dale's house, he had
forgotten Louanne.  All he could think about was what he and Debbie
would do, once he thought of a way for them to get together.


 -- Chapter Twelve

   Louanne hung around Debbie's house until after lunch.  She had
called home several times that morning.  But her step-mother hadn't
been home.  Debbie was starting to get on her nerves with all this talk
about love.
   She tried her house again.  Her step-mother answered this time.
   "Are you okay, Louanne?  I was concerned when I couldn't reach you
last night."
   "Yeah, I'm fine.  I just didn't feel like staying there alone last
night.  So I came over here.  But I'll be home in a few minutes.  Just
have to say goodbye, and thanks to Debbie and her dad."
   "Okay.  And thank them for me too.  Maybe the next time I go away,
you can stay there again.  I'm not really happy about you staying here
alone.  Anyhow, we can talk about that when you get home.  See you
soon, sweet heart."
   Louanne hung up and started packing her bag.  Debbie offered to walk
her home.
   "I'll be okay by myself," Louanne said.  All she wanted was to be
alone.  She had a lot of thinking to do.  Before Debbie could protest,
she added, "Really.  I'm alright.  I really appreciate you being there
for me last night.  But after our talk, I'm not as frightened any more. 
Just confused.  I need some time to think."
   Thanking Debbie and her dad, she hurried home.  Coming around the
corner, she checked to make sure Rodger wasn't waiting for her.  She
breathed a sigh of relief once she saw he wasn't anywhere to be seen. 
Running into the house, she quickly closed the door.  She was trembling
with fright.
   "Is that you, Louanne?" her step-mother called from the kitchen. 
"I've just fixed something to eat, if you want some."
   Louanne left her bag by the front door and went to the kitchen.
   "My god, Honey, are you okay?  You look so pale."
   "I'm not feeling too good.  Must have been something I ate, I
guess," Louanne answered.
   "You have to be more careful, sweet heart.  You know how delicate
your stomach is.  Maybe you should go lie down for awhile.  Can I get
you something?"
   "No, I'll be okay.  But I think I will lie down.  If anyone calls,
tell them I'm not feeling well, will you?  Tell them I'll see them at
school tomorrow."
   "Sure sweet heart.  You go lie down.  And don't worry, I won't let
anything disturb you."
   Louanne spent the entire day in her room.  She worried about how she
was going to handle Rodger.  Was she wrong about him?  Was she, like
Debbie suggested, making too much out of what happened?  Or was she
right to think he was crazy, even dangerous?

                              --- *** ---

   Rodger phoned Louanne that afternoon.  Her step-mother told him Lou
wasn't feeling very well.  He said he was sorry to hear that, and hoped
she would be feeling better soon.  When he hung up the phone, he
wondered if Lou had mentioned what happened to her step-mother.
   Naw, she wouldn't do that.  She knew what would happen if she did. 
Well, he'd see her at school tomorrow.  She really didn't matter any
more.
   No, he had already decided he would dump her.  Actually he had a
plan.  He would first find a way to get Debbie.  And then when Lou
begged him to take her back, he'd have some fun with her, and then dump
her.
   He imagined Lou begging.  He'd be generous at first.  He'd let her
give him a blowjob.  Let her think she had a chance.  Afterwards
though, he would have to admit that he liked Debbie better.
   She'd beg to be given another chance.  He'd appear undecided.  She'd
plead with him, ask what she could do to prove her love.  He'd offer
her a carrot.  Fuck him, and maybe, just maybe, he wouldn't dump her.
   He was certain she'd jump at the chance.  Hell, what girl wouldn't? 
Wasn't he the most popular guy at school?  There was no way she could
refuse.
   And afterwards?  Well, if she was really good, maybe he'd keep her
around a bit.  He wondered if he could handle both Debbie and Lou at
the same time?  Why not?  He was more than one girl could handle
anyways.
   He was too good for just one bitch.  He had a duty to spread the
wealth.  And he thought, wouldn't it be something to have two of them
at once?  He fantasized what it would be like.
   Imagine, he thought, having Lou suck his cock while he sucked
Debbie's tits.  Or watching them do a sixty-nine.  Or even better,
fucking one of them in ass, while she eat out the other.
   And when they were bad?  Well, he'd just have to slap them around a
bit, wouldn't he?  Yeah, he thought.  This is gonna be fun.

--- *** ---

   Thomas spent the day studying.  He wished he could see Debbie.  But
he knew he'd have trouble explaining to his mother why.  And besides,
Debbie was still grounded.  He thought of them being together the day
before.
   He knew he really loved her.  There was no doubt in his mind.  And
he meant it when he said he didn't care whether they fooled around
again.  Though he hoped Debbie wouldn't take him up on that part.
   Thinking of what he and Debbie had done, reminded him of Rodger and
Louanne.  He felt ashamed he had run out on her.  He should have done
something.  It wasn't right for Rodger to have treated her like that.
   He wished he didn't have to tutor her tomorrow.  How was he going to
explain why he hadn't done anything?  He wasn't even sure why himself.

                                    --- *** ---

   Debbie called to check on Louanne after supper.  She was told that
Louanne wasn't feeling well and couldn't be disturbed.  Debbie wondered
if she should mention how upset Lou had been the night before, but
decided not to.  Saying she'd see Lou at school the next day, she hung
up.
   Later that night, she lay in bed thinking about Lou and Rodger. 
Debbie was sure Lou was wrong.  Rodger was a really cool guy.  If she
wasn't already going with Tommy, she'd jump at the chance to go out
with him.
   If Lou would only do a bit more, take care of his needs a bit more. 
Stop being so stubborn about certain things.  Shit, all you needed to
do was let the guy play with your tits a bit.  Maybe suck him off every
once in a while, and he was happy.  And if he did the same to you,
hell, what more could you ask for?
   "Like Tommy.  God, I miss him," she thought.  Her hand move to her
vagina as she recalled what it felt like with him between her legs. 
With her fingers imitating his tongue licking her clit, she quickly
brought herself to orgasm.  Not totally satisfied, she continued to
masturbate until she came a second time.
   "God, that felt good," she thought.  "Almost as good as when Tommy
does me."  She tried to imagine what it felt like with a hard cock. 
She had been surprised at how upset Tommy was when she suggested they
fuck.
   And while she was still a virgin, she didn't intend for that to be
forever.  If it felt that good with only a guy's tongue, imagine what
it would be like with the real thing.  Her hand again played with her
now wet vagina.
   Her finger slipped into the hot opening as she played with her erect
nipples.  She imagined Tommy above her, his hard cock burying itself
deep in her burning cunt.  His mouth at her breast, gently sucking. 
His tongue torturing her nipples until she begged him to hurry up.
   But he wasn't yet ready.  His hand kneaded her breasts as his mouth
sucked harder.  Debbie moaned softly as her hand enacted her mental
image.  He slowly moved in and out of her hot box, taking long deep
strokes.  Debbie' hips lifted from the bed in an attempt to capture her
teasing finger.
   As her phantom lover urgently increased his movement, so too did her
hands.  Her finger, now glistening with her wetness, concentrated on
her burning clit.  She felt the heat build between her legs and knew
that she was almost there.
   She spread her legs wider to take him more fully.  "Fuck me lover. 
Yes, fuck me," her mind screamed.  Both hands were now at her cunt. 
One hand moving rapidly in and out, while the other rubbed her clit
furiously.  She buried her face into the pillow to stifle her moans.
   Finally as her imaginary Tommy shuddered in climax, she too came. 
She lay there gently rubbing her sopping wet cunt, fully spent.  "God,
Tommy, that was good," she thought, as she drifted off to sleep.


 -- Chapter Thirteen

   Debbie waited outside her house for Louanne.  When she saw her turn
the corner, Debbie hurried to greet her.
   "Are you okay?  I was worried when your step-mom said you weren't
feeling well yesterday."
   "I'm okay.  Just a little stomach ache, I guess."
   "Well, I'm glad about that.  I thought you might have still been
upset about Rodger."
   "If she only knew how close to the truth she was," thought Louanne. 
"No.  I just wasn't feeling too good."
   "Well, that's good.  I wonder if we'll see Tommy on the way, this
morning?  I can't wait to tell him what we did last night."
   "Last night?" asked Louanne.
   "Yeah, last night.  Boy, was it good too."
   "But I thought you were grounded?"
   "I am.  It was just a little fantasy.  We weren't really together."
   "And why do I think it was about sex.  I don't know about you any
more, Debbie."
   "Like you never did the same thing?  What about the time when you .
. ."
   "Okay.  Okay, I give up," Louanne said, laughing.  "And what was
this big fantasy?"
   "We fucked."
   "God no.  You don't intend to really do that, do you?  How could
you?  It isn't right."
   "What do you mean it ain't right.  Didn't you and Gary do it, before
he left?  Why is it right for you, and not for me?"
   "You don't understand.  Gary and I only did it that once.  I was
really upset he was moving away.  I wanted to give him something to
remember me by.  I loved him."
   "And I don't love Tommy?  I don't want to do it just once.  I don't
want to wait until he leaves, or something.  I want to do it with him
always."
   "Yeah, but you two only just met.  Why don't you wait a bit.  Make
sure he really loves you."
   "Hey, I'm not the one who's having trouble with her boyfriend. 
You're a good one to be telling me how to handle them.  Maybe if you
and Rodger had been doing it, you wouldn't be having problems now."
   "You don't know what you're talking about.  You just don't do things
like that."
   "You did it with Gary because you loved him, didn't you?"
   "Yes, but . . ."
   "Never mind the buts.  And you love Rodger, don't you?"
   "I don't know any more.  That's the problem.  I just don't know."
   "I don't understand you at all, Lou.  You're going out with the most
popular guy at school.  And a real hunk too.  If you weren't already
going out with him, and I wasn't in love with Tommy, I'd kill to get a
chance at Rodger.  And I can tell you, he wouldn't have to force me to
do anything."
   "You're right, you don't understand," Louanne said.  "What you don't
understand is that there is more to a relationship than just sex."
   "Well, maybe there is, and maybe there ain't.  All I know is without
it, there ain't much of a relationship."
   "God, you're frustrating," Louanne exclaimed.
   "I don't know.  Seems to me, you're the frustrated one.  Probably
not enough sex," Debbie teased.
   They had arrived at school.  As Louanne was about to answer Debbie's
taunt, she saw Rodger waiting at the entrance.
   "Debbie, please don't leave me alone with him," Louanne pleaded as
Rodger approached them.
   "Hi Debbie, Lou.  Can I have a word with you alone, Lou?"
   "I'd rather Debbie stayed.  What do you want?"
   Rodger appeared uncomfortable with Debbie listening.  "Well, I . . .
er . . ."
   "Look Rodge, can't this wait 'til later?  I don't want to be late
for class."  Louanne moved away from him.
   "Please Lou.  Just give me a minute.  Look, I'm real sorry about
Friday and Saturday.  I acted like a real jackass.  And I don't blame
you if you never talk to me again.  I can't explain why I did what I
did.  All I know is that I was wrong.  I'd like to make it up to you,
somehow."
   Debbie grabbed Louanne's arm and whispered in her ear, "Shit, he
practically begging for a second chance.  You have to give it to him. 
Don't blow it now."
   Louanne pushed Debbie away.  Turning back to Rodger, she said, "You
bastard!  You think just because you tell me how sorry you are, that's
gonna make everything okay?"
   "No I don't.  I don't know what it will take.  And I'd understand if
you never saw me again.  But I really love you.  And somehow, I'm gonna
show you just how much.  Somehow I'll prove to you just how sorry I
am."
   The look of hurt in his eyes struck at her heart.  She wanted to
reach out and hold him close.  But then the memory of the hurt and
humilation he had put her through surfaced.  "No!" her mind screamed as
she turned her back on him, and hurried into the school.
   Debbie started to follow Louanne.
   "Wait Debbie, please," Rodger pleaded.  "I need your help."
   "I'll be late for class," she said.  Seeing the look on his face
caused her to add, "But we'll talk about it later.  At lunchtime,
okay?"
   "Thanks Debbie.  Thanks a lot," Rodger called to her as she hurried
to class.
   Walking into school, Rodger couldn't help a smug little smile.  He
looked around quickly to make such no one had noticed.  "This is going
to be too easy," he thought.

                              --- *** ---

   Later that morning, while they were in the locker room getting ready
for gym class, Rodger said to Dale, "I think it's about time we got you
laid."
   "Say what?" asked Dale, not quite sure he had heard Rodger
correctly.
   "Laid.  You know, laid as in fucked."
   "You shittin' me?  When?  Who?"
   "When?  This week I hope.  Who?  Well that's a secret for now.  I
still have a few details to work out.  But you can bet your balls that
by the weekend, you ain't gonna be a virgin no more."
   "Comon, Rodge.  Don't keep me hanging like this.  Who?  I wanna know
who."
   "What does it matter who?  A cunt's a cunt, right?  Hey, don't
worry.  She'll be worth it.  Hell, I wouldn't pick no dog, if that's
what you're worrying about.  I only party with the best, right?"
   "You're gonna be there, too?"
   "Fuck yes.  We gonna have us a real gang bang.  Just you, me and a
real horny pussy.  Just think, everything you ever dreamed of doing
with a girl.  Everything you ever wanted some cunt to do to you."
   "You're not bullshitting me, are you?" asked Dale, still not quite
believing Rodger.
   "Oh, don't worry about that.  Just be ready when I say so.  Comon. 
We better get moving."

--- *** ---

   Thomas had been in the next row of lockers from Rodger and Dale.  He
was still pissed off at himself for sleeping in this morning.  He
really had wanted to walk Debbie to school.  But she had already left
by the time he went by her house.
   He had only heard part of the conversation between Dale and Rodger. 
But he had heard enough to understand what they were talking about.  He
wondered who the girl was.
   Tommy had known Rodger for a long time.  It always amazed him how
Rodger seemed to have girls hanging all over him all the time.  Rodger
use to go out with a different girl almost every week.  There were
times when he went out with two or three of them at the same time.
   But three months ago, Rodger started going out with Louanne.  He
stopped seeing anyone but her.  Listening to him this morning though,
it looked like that was over.
   Thomas wondered if Louanne knew.  She seemed like a really nice
girl, too.  He hoped she wouldn't be too hurt when she found out. 
Thomas wondered if what happened at Dale's was the reason Rodger was
thinking of seeing someone else.
   He thought of how willingly Debbie was for him.  And how Louanne had
tried to refuse to do the same thing for Rodger.  He knew he was pretty
lucky to be going out with Debbie.  He wished lunchtime would hurry up. 
He wasn't certain he could wait until then to see her.


 -- Chapter Fourteen

   Once the lunch bell rang, Thomas hurried to the cafeteria.  Debbie
was waiting for him.
   "Where were you this morning?" she asked.
   "I kinda slept in.  By the time I got to your house, you must have
left already.  I'm sorry."
   "You are gonna walk me home, ain't you?"
   "Sure.  I intended to.  And I promise I won't oversleep tomorrow
too."
   "Okay.  You wanna go out to the bleachers?" Debbie asked with a
grin.
   "You know Debbie, I was kinda thinking about that.  We shouldn't do
stuff like that."
   "You don't like what we did?  Could have fooled me."
   "No, that's not what I mean.  I just mean we shouldn't do it unless
we're alone.  You know, like at Louanne's place, or our special place."
   "Oh, you remembered the place in the park.  I'm allowed back out
wednesday night.  Wanna pay it a visit?"
   "Sure.  I'd like that.  I should be finished at Louanne's around
nine.  Damn, Mom would want to know why I was out after that."
   "Shit, I forgot about that.  My dad would get real upset too, if I
was out that late, unless there was something special going on."
   "Well, maybe we could go to a movie Friday night.  And then
afterwards we could . . ."
   "But I don't want to wait until Friday," Debbie said with a pout.
   "We could cut school if you want," Thomas suggested, surprising
himself. 
   "Naw, that wouldn't work either.  I don't think Lou's mom is going
away this week.  And there'd be too many people around for us to duck
into the park."
   "Well, if you really want, we could go out to the bleachers," 
Thomas offered, hoping she wouldn't.
   "Oh Tommy, you're so sweet.  But you're right.  We shouldn't risk
getting caught.  Now that I got you, I don't want anything to come
between us.  I guess we'll just have to wait until Friday."
   "I'm sorry, Debbie.  I wish I could think of something else.  I
should never have agreed to tutor Louanne."
   "It's not your fault.  And just think.  All this waiting will just
make it that much better.  And don't you dare suggest that you
shouldn't tutor Lou.  She needs the help.  Just make sure you two don't
do anything else but study history."
   "I wouldn't do anything like that,"  Thomas said, hurt that Debbie
would suggest that he would.
   "I'm only teasing you, Tommy.  I know you wouldn't.  And I trust
Louanne too.  Even if she is having boyfriend trouble."
   Before Thomas could ask her what she meant, Rodger approached them.
   "Hi Tom.  Debbie, can we talk for a minute?"  Glancing at Thomas, he
added, "Alone?"
   "We'll only be a couple of minutes.  You don't mind, Tommy?" Debbie
said as she and Rodger walked a few feet away.
   Thomas, leaving the two of them alone, walked over to the playing field.
   "I appreciate this," Rodger said to Debbie once they were alone.  "I
need your help.  You're Lou's best friend, and I don't know who else to
turn to."
   Debbie again saw the pain in his face.  "Lou has to be crazy to give
this guy up," she thought.
   "I did something very foolish on the weekend and . . ."
   "Look Rodge, Lou told me most of it.  I agree you should be ashamed
of what you did.  But you have to let her have some time to sort things
out.  Maybe you still have a chance, and maybe you don't.  But this is
not the place for us to discuss it.  Besides, with Tommy tutoring Lou,
this is the only time I get to spend with him."
   "Can you meet me after school this afternoon?" he asked.
   "I don't know.  I have things to do.  And I don't think we want Lou
to know about this just yet, do you?"
   "Too easy," he thought.  "Well maybe you're right.  If you think we
should keep this a secret?"
   "Look, I'll be doing some shopping around five.  Can you meet me at
Randall's Market around then?"
   "Sure, no sweat.  I really appreciate this, Debbie.  Someday, you'll
realize just how much."
   "I'm not doing this for you.  It's Lou I'm thinking about.  But
okay.  I'll see you then.  And I don't think Lou should know about it
just yet.  Or Tommy, for that matter," she added, suddenly worried
about how he'd react if he found out she was meeting Rodger like that.
   "Thanks Debbie.  I guess I've taken up enough of your time.  I'll
see you later."
   Debbie said goodbye and went looking for Thomas.  Rodger watched her
go.  All the time he was talking to her, he kept seeing her beneath
him, her big tits wrapped around his hard cock.
   "You're gonna realize just how much I appreciate you, you slut.  And
much sooner than you think," he thought.  "And once I've got my cock
jammed in your wet cunt up to your tonsils, you'll learn to appreciate
me, too.  But not tonight," he conceded.  "I've got to get you alone
somewhere.  Some place where there won't be any people around. 
Somewhere quiet and isolated."
   The old Bartlett place.  Yeah, that would do.  The shed in back was
just the place.  He had used it before.  Far from the road, and no
other houses nearby.  He had better go check it out tonight, and make
sure it was still okay.


 -- Chapter Fifteen

   Debbie located Thomas standing alone near the playing field.  She
snuck up behind him, and wrapped her arms tightly around him.  She
lightly ran her tongue across the back of his neck.  She felt he
shudder as she gently tongued his earlobe.
   Thomas turned and held her close.  His mouth sought hers, her lips
parting before his tongue.  He felt her melt against him as her tongue
met his.  He wished they could do this forever, it felt so nice. 
Realizing that someone might see them, he hastily broke the embrace.
   "Why'd you do that?" Debbie complained.
   "People can see us," he answered.
   "So?  Oh well, you're probably right.  But it did feel awfully good
while it lasted.  You sure you haven't been practising?"
   "Of course I have," he teased.
   "You have?  With who?" Debbie demanded.
   "With you, silly.  Who did you think?"
   "Damn well better only be me.  And I, for one, think you still need
a lot more practice."
   "Well, we can practice all you want friday night."
   "And maybe a little bit during the week?  Like when you walk me to
school, or home.  And at lunch, too."
   "You're crazy, you know that?  How about during history, too?"
   "Naw, I don't think Mrs. Whalen would like that."
   "I was only kidding.  You are crazy!"
   "Crazy about you, silly.  I can't get enough of you."
   Deciding that changing the subject might be better, Thomas asked,
"What were you and Rodge talking about?"
   "Oh just some stuff," she answered evasively.
   "Yeah, but what stuff?"
   "He and Lou had a fight of sorts.  And he's looking for some help to
make up with her."
   That didn't sound right to Thomas.  Hadn't he heard Rodger talking
about going out with another girl this morning?
   "I don't know if you should get involved," he cautioned.
   "Hey, it's okay.  Lou's my best friend.  And if I can help in
anyway, I have to."
   "Yeah, but . . ."
   "Don't worry so much.  I can handle it."
   The  bell rang indicating that lunch was over.  They hurried back
into the building.  Debbie gave him a quick kiss, and said she'd see
him in History.  As Thomas watched her hurry away, he wondered if he
should be concerned about her getting involved in Louanne and Rodger's
problems.
   Once school as over, Thomas walked Debbie and Louanne home.  Debbie
teased Louanne about their tutoring session that night.
   "You better make sure all he teaches you is history," she said to
Louanne.
   "Aw, and I was hoping he could teach me some of the things you
taught him."
   "Never you mind, girl.  You have your own guy for that.  Besides I
ain't done teaching him everything yet."
   "Well, maybe I should wait until you have him fully trained.  I
guess I'll just have to be satisfied with studying why the Middle Ages
made the Renaissance possible."
   Thomas felt uncomfortable listening to the two girls tease each
other so bluntly.  He wasn't sure he liked the idea of Debbie telling
Louanne everything they did when they were alone.  Certain things
should be kept private, just between the two of them.  When he got a
chance, he'd have a talk with Debbie.
   As they neared the corner near Debbie's house, Thomas was prepared
for their usual kiss.  Instead, Debbie swore, "Shit!"
   "What's the matter?" he asked.
   "That's my Dad's car coming down the street.  He must have gotten
off early from work.  You and Lou just continue walking.  I'll see you
tomorrow, okay?"
   She hurried to the corner and waved to her father.  As the car
turned the corner, she pretended to race it to her house.  Louanne
pulled Thomas along after her.
   "Comon.  Pretend you're talking to me.  Don't look back at her."
   "Why not?  Why do we need to pretend?"
   "If you don't, her dad will have a shit fit."
   "I don't understand?"
   "Look, I don't know what Debbie's told you.  And maybe I shouldn't
be telling you this without checking with her first.  But her dad
caught her with a guy one time.  I guess they were doing something they
shouldn't have.  Anyways, he really beat the shit out of her.  And ever
since, if he sees her with some guy, he freaks."
   "She didn't tell me that.  I hope I don't get her into trouble,"
Thomas said, concerned.
   "Oh, I wouldn't worry too much about it.  Debbie's gotten quite good
at keeping her boyfriends and her dad apart," Louanne chuckled.
   "I guess you two have had lots of boyfriends?" Thomas asked.
   "I'm not telling you any more about Debbie.  I've probably said more
than I should have.  You can ask her yourself," Louanne answered.
   "You don't have to worry about that.  Debbie's already told me more
than I wanted to know."
   "Yeah, she would," Louanne chuckled.  "She'd tell a stranger all the
intimate details of her life, if given the chance.  She never did learn
when to shut her mouth."
   "And what about you?" Thomas asked.
   "What do you mean, what about me?  Are you suggesting I don't know
how to keep my mouth shut?" Louanne demanded.
   "No, that's not what I meant.  I meant how many boyfriends have you
had?"
   "Only two.  Before I started going with Rodge, I dated a guy for
almost two years."
   "Really?  What happened?"
   "He moved away.  I cried for a week after."
   "Gee, I'm sorry.  I didn't know."
   "I'm okay now.  But it took a while before I could even look at
another boy.  Then I met Rodger."
   Thomas felt uneasy.  He didn't want to talk about what happened
saturday.  Luckily, they had arrived at Louanne's house.  He said he'd
see her after supper, and continued on home.


 -- Chapter Sixteen

   Rodger hid in a doorway across from the market.  He kept an eye out
for Debbie.  He wanted to time this just right.  He saw her walking
down the street.
   Debbie stopped in front of the market and looked around.  Looking
uncertain, she entered the store.  Rodger waited for her to come back
out.
   "Damn, the bitch is taking forever," he thought.  Another five
minutes went by, and he wondered if he was making a mistake.  At that
moment, Debbie came out carrying two shopping bags.  She again looked
around before heading back the way she had come.
   Rodger waited until she was about a half a block away.  He started
running after her.  Once he got a good pace going, he called out her
name.  "Debbie!  Debbie wait!  Debbie?"
   She turned to see who was calling her.  She saw him running toward
her.  When he finally caught up to her, he bent over, his hands on his
knees, gasping for breath.
   "Are you okay?" she asked, concerned to see him like that.  She put
down the bags, and reached out for him.
   "I'm . . . okay . . . just . . . need . . . to . . . catch . . . my
. . . breath," he managed to say between gulping large amounts of air.
   "Take it easy," Debbie cautioned.
   "I'm okay.  Just need to rest a minute.  I was afraid I'd miss you. 
I got stuck at home until it was way after five."
   "You ran all the way from your house?  But that has to be at least .
. ."
   "Hey, I had to get here before you left, didn't I?  You said this
was the only time you could talk to me.  And I really need to talk to
you about Lou and me."
   "Gee, I didn't realize . . ."
   "Look if I'm gonna get you in trouble.  I mean, if you're gonna be
late getting home."
   "Don't worry about that.  I'll be okay.  Why don't we cut through
the park.  We can take it slow, if you want."
   "I'm okay now.  Here let me carry those bags.  They look heavy,"
Rodger said, picking them up.
   "You don't have to do that," Debbie protested.
   "Hey, it's the least I can do.  I mean you helping me and
everything."
   They walked through the park.  At one point, Rodger stumbled and
almost dropped the bags.
   "Here, give them to me," Debbie said.
   "Golly, I guess I'm more pooped than I thought," Rodger said,
putting the bags down.
   "Why don't you rest for a moment," Debbie suggested.  "Maybe we
could sit down here," she said, pointing to the base of a large elm
tree.
   "I dunno.  I'm afraid if I sit down, I'll never get up again.  Maybe
I'll just lean against the tree for a minute."
   Rodger waited for Debbie to join him.  He thought to himself, "Now
to dangle the bait."
   "I really appreciate you helping me like this.  Even if it's only
for Lou you're doing this," he added quickly as she started to say
something.  "I don't know what Lou told you, but I really screwed
things up saturday.  I don't know why I did what I did.  No, that's not
right.  I do know."
   Debbie waited for him to say something else.  When he didn't, she
said, "Well, Lou wouldn't tell me all the details.  But she did say you
hurt her."
   "I didn't mean to, really I didn't.  I got carried away.  How can I
explain this without upsetting you?"
   "Upsetting me?  Why would it upset me?"
   "Well, you're such a sweet kid.  And what I did was kinda, I don't
know, perverted?  I don't want to shock you."
   Debbie giggled.  "I know more than you think.  I know you tried to
get Lou to give you a blowjob.  And I know you wanted her to swallow
your cum."
   Rodger reddened, and looked away.  "I guess you think I'm pretty
disgusting.  Maybe this isn't such a good idea."
   "Hey, don't worry.  I know all about sex, and what people in love
want to do."
   "I bet you do, slut," he thought.  "Well, I just don't want to say
anything that might offend you."
   "Never mind that.  What I can't understand is why you did it.  You
and Lou are suppose to be in love.  And people in love don't force the
other to do things like that."
   "I know.  That's why I feel so terrible about it.  But you don't
understand."
   "You're right about that.  Why don't you try to explain it to me."
   "God, sometimes I think I'm going crazy.  I love Lou so much, I want
to do so many things with her.  But I can't figure her out.  Sometimes
she wants to do stuff.  And other times, she doesn't.  And sometimes I
hurt so much, I don't know what to do."
   "Now to set the hook," he thought as he started to sob.  His eyes
filled with tears, and he turned away from Debbie.
   Debbie was caught off guard seeing him sobbing against the tree
trunk.  "He really is sorry," she thought.  "Look how much pain he is
in."
   "Please, Rodge.  It'll be okay."
   "It won't ever be okay.  Not after the way I treated her.  I deserve
whatever I get."
   "No, please.  I'll help you however I can.  Don't cry."
   Debbie reached out and wrapped her arms around his shoulders. 
Rodger turned to face her.  She pulled him to her to give him comfort. 
She could feel his body shudder with his sobs.
   "Oh Debbie.  How can I ever make her see that I really love her.  I
don't want to go on without her."
   She held him tight.  His cheek touched hers, and she could feel the
wetness of his tears.  She gave him a reassuring hug.
   "We'll think of some way.  First you have to learn that love is a
two way street.  You gotta learn to do for her like you want her to do
for you."
   "But I don't know what to do.  And besides, she's doesn't want to
have anything to do with me any more."
   "That's not true.  She's just upset.  She'll get over that."  Debbie
looked into his face.  The pain there caused her hug him more tightly. 
Rodger wrapped his arms around her in return.  Not really knowing what
she was doing, Debbie gently kissed the tears from his cheek.  Rodger
turned his face slightly so that Debbie lips brushed his.
   Debbie found herself kissing him on the lips.  Without thinking, her
tongue slipped into his mouth.  Rodger gently sucked it deeper as his
hand slid down her back to her buttocks.
   "My god," she thought, "he's actually kissing me."  She knew they
were doing something wrong.  But this was Rodger.  And he was kissing
her like she was someone special.  She melted into his arms and kissed
him harder.  His hand squeezed her buttocks and pulled her tighter
against his groin.  His tongue gently pushed its way into her mouth. 
She could feel his cock become hard against her stomach.
   "What am I doing," she thought.  "I shouldn't be doing this.  But
he's so tender, so gentle.  How could Lou think he'd hurt her.  But
this is wrong.  I've gotta stop this before it's too late."
   But before Debbie could tear herself from his arms, Rodger pushed
her away.
   "No, Please!  We shouldn't.  Even if it means you won't help me, I
can't do that.  We have to control ourselves.  We've got to, for Lou's
sake."
   "My God, he thinks I'm trying to come on to him.  He thinks I expect
something for helping him and Lou."  Debbie was horrified by what she
had done.
   "No.  Please.  I didn't mean anything.  I wasn't trying to . . ."
   "Maybe this wasn't such a good idea.  I'm not sure I can handle
being so close to you like this."
   "I turn him on.  Me!  Why do I find this out now?"
   "Look," Debbie said.  "We 'll both have to learn to control
ourselves.  But we can do it.  I know we can.  And I can help you get
Lou back."
   "Well, I'll try.  If you think we'll be okay.  And I really do
appreciate anything you can do to help me.  But what do I have to do? 
What can I do?"
   Debbie needed time to think.  Time to collect her thoughts.  Things
weren't happening like they were suppose to.  Or rather things were
happening like they were not suppose to.
   "Look.  I have to get home now.  But we still need to talk.  There
are things you need to know.  But this isn't a good place."
   "Well, we could go to Dale's place," Rodger suggested.
   "I don't know.  I don't think you'll want someone else around.  I
know I'm not that crazy about that idea."
   "What if I came over to your house?" he asked.
   "Shit no!  My dad would have a fit.  No, we need some place private. 
Some place where no one will see us together and get the wrong idea."
   "Gee, I hadn't thought about that.  But you're right.  If someone
saw us together like this, I can forget about ever getting Lou back. 
Tell you what.  I'll try and find some place and let you know."
   "That's sounds okay," Debbie agreed.
   "When do you want to do it?" Rodger asked.
   "How about Wednesday?  I can get out after supper."
   "Wednesday?  Gee, I was hoping we could meet sooner.  But, hey,
Wednesday's good for me.  After supper is fine too.  Why don't we make
it around seven?"
   "Sure, that's okay.  But where?"
   "I'll let you know tomorrow at school.  I should have figured out a
place by then.  Some place we can talk and not be disturbed, right?"
   "Yeah.  Some place where we don't have to be afraid of someone
seeing us."
   "Well, I guess you had better get home.  Don't want you getting into
trouble or anything," Rodger said, showing concern.
   "Yeah, I better.  I'll see you tomorrow at school.  And Rodger? 
Don't worry.  We'll get you and Lou back together again."
   "I sure hope so.  My life just isn't the same without her.  I don't
know how to thank you for your help.  Someday, I'll repay you, Debbie. 
I promise."
   Debbie grabbed the bags and took off, leaving Rodger leaning against
the tree.
   "And I promise you'll be repaid well on wednesday, you slut," he
chuckled as he watched her walk away.  Better check out the Bartlett
place.  Want to make sure it's perfect for our little talk.
   Rodger cut across the park.  He broke into an easy trot as he
hurried to check out the shed.
   "Well, she swallowed the bait," he told himself.  "Just like she's
gonna swallow my cum.  God, I couldn't believe it when she started
tonguing me like that.  And when she pressed her tits into my chest."
   "I bet she would have sucked me off right there, she wants me so
much," he gloated.  "And that ass.  I almost couldn't let go, it felt
so good.  But wednesday, I'll have all the time I want.  And before I'm
finished, the slut will beg to do anything I want."
   The thought of Debbie lying naked in front of him, made him hard
again.  His erect shaft rubbed pleasantly against his jeans as he
continued to run at an easy pace.  He finally arrived at the Bartlett
place, and went to the shed in the back.


 -- Chapter Seventeen

   Rodger checked to make sure no one had seen him, and slipped into
the shed.  From the amount of dust covering the floor, he could tell
that the place hadn't been used in while.  It was one of his favorite
places to take a girl.  But he hadn't been here since he started dating
Louanne.
   He found an old push broom in a corner, and started to sweep the
place.  Gotta make sure it looks okay.  Don't want her finding a reason
for leaving too soon.
   As he swept, he thought of the things he would have to make sure
were there when he needed them.  Gotta bring a blanket or two.  Don't
want that sweet ass getting cold or nothing.
   And some rope, just in case.  Wonder if the old clothes line is
still in the garage?  Cut into a couple of pieces, it should do okay. 
"And I can't forget Snake," he thought.
   Reaching into his back pocket, he pulled out an object.  Caressing
it gently, he thought how he always loved the feel of the pearl handle. 
Pressing the small button at the top, he watched as a thin, four inch
flash of steel shot out from the handle.
   He loved the sound it made when it opened like that.  He rubbed the
blade back and forth on his pant leg to shine it.  Gently folding the
blade, he put it back into his pocket.  Yeah, definitely gonna want
Snake at the party.  Just in case she objects to Dale being here too.
   An image of the three of them flashed into his mind.  Dale on the
bottom, the bitch in between, and him on top.  Dale fucking her cunt
while he fucked that beautiful ass.  And the slut begging for more.
   The broom dropped to the floor as Rodger's hand went to his crotch. 
He unzipped his pants and pulled out his fully erect cock.  He jerked
off as he played the scene in his mind over and over.  As he starting
coming, he imagined Debbie twisting underneath him to take his cock in
her mouth.  His knees felt weak as he milked the last drops of cum from
his throbbing shaft.
   He looked down to see a small pool of cum on the bare floor.  With
the toe of his shoe, he smeared it, making a crude X.
   "And right there is where I'm gonna fuck you.  Right there is where
you're gonna suck me off, bitch."  Checking the shed for the last time,
he headed on home.  He couldn't remember the last time he felt this
good.  And he knew he would feel even better after Wednesday.
   Too bad he had to wait so long, he thought.  But she'll pay for
that.  He felt himself getting hard again as he imagined the different
ways he'd make her pay.
   When he arrived home, he went to the back door.  As he was about to
go down to the basement, he heard yelling.
   Shit, the old man's in an uproar again, he thought.  Rodger snuck up
into the kitchen and listened.
   "Damn it, Louise.  How many times do I have to tell you how I want
my shirts ironed.  How do you expect me to go to work wearing this?"
Rodger's father yelled.
   "I'm sorry, Paul.  Really I am.  I don't know what I was thinking
of.  I'll do it again right away," Rodger heard his mother answer.
   Rodger moved silently into the hall.  His parents were in the dining
room.  And Rodger knew if he was careful, he could probably see what
was going on in the hall mirror.  He crept forward until he saw his
parents' image reflected in the mirror.
   His father was red in the face.  His mother stood clutching the
shirt to her chest.  Rodger could see she was frightened.
   "I don't know, Louise," Rodger's father said.  "Last week, you
mismatched my favorite socks.  Then last night, you burnt the roast. 
And now this.  I guess it's been too long since the last time."
   Louise moved back slowly.  "Please Paul.  I said I was sorry.  It
won't happen again, I promise."
   Paul started to unbuckle his belt.  "Don't!" he snapped.  "Remember
what happened the last time you tried to get away from me.  I'm sure
you don't want that again.  Get over here!" he commanded her as he
pulled his belt free.
   Rodger watched, fascinated.  His father threaded the belt through
its buckle.  Wrapping the free end around his hand, he swung it a few
times to gauge the force of the weighted end.
   "No.  Please Paul.  I'll be good, really I will.  Please don't hit
me again." Rodger's mother pleaded as she started to cry.
   Rodger's father raised his arm and swung the belt down hard on her. 
The strap caught her across the shoulder as the buckle bit into her
back.  She cried out in pain.
   "Stop that immediately.  You know your carrying on like that, only
adds to the punishment."
   Rodger watched as his father continued to beat his mother.  She
tried hard to stifle her cries as the belt repeatedly ripped into her
body.  Now there's a man who knows how to handle women, he thought as
he watched the belt catch his mother in the stomach.  Rodger felt
himself harden.  His mother tried to protect herself with her arms as
his father continued to lash out at her.
   Paul simply moved around until he had a clear shot.  Finally she
fell to her knees as she cried out, "I'm sorry, Paul.  I'm sorry."
   Paul grabbed hold of each end of the belt.  He looped it around her
neck and drew her to him.  "Show me how sorry you really are," he said
in a low voice.
   Her hand franticly undid his pants.  As she pulled them down with
one hand, her other extracted his semi-erect penis.  Grasping it with
both hands, her mouth moved to his testicles.  She licked his hairy
balls, taking each in turn into her mouth to gently suck.
   Having thoroughly licked and sucked his balls, she then moved to his
shaft.  Starting at its base, she tongued and sucked the tender
underside until she arrived at the tip.  With one hand gently caressing
and squeezing his balls, and the other pumping the base of his shaft,
her tongue flickered across the tip.
   Rodger's hand went to his own throbbing shaft as he watched his
father grab her head with both hands.  Paul shoved his now fully erect
cock deep in her mouth.  Louise could only steady herself by wrapping
her hands around his hips.
   As Rodger continued to watch his parents, their image was replaced
with his and Debbie's.  He saw himself franticly moving his hips back
and forth as he shoved his enlarged cock deep in Debbie's mouth.  And
it was Debbie's muffled cries he heard as she gagged on the massive
rod.
   He almost moaned aloud as he watched his father, first shudder, and
then pump harder into the sucking mouth as he climaxed.  Rodger's
mother continued to lick and suck the shaft until it was once again
limp.  Paul grabbed a handful of her hair and wiped his shaft.
   Still holding her by the hair, he lifted her face higher.  His free
hand descended and slapped her hard.  Once, twice, his hand shot out. 
The last one caught her across the bridge of her nose.  She'll be
wearing sun glasses for awhile, Rodger thought.
   "We'll continue your punishment later tonight," his father said. 
"Right now, get me a fucking beer, and then go iron that shirt.  And
you better do it right this time, or we'll have to double your
punishment."
    Rodger's mother scrambled to her feet and hurried toward the
kitchen.  Rodger quickly retraced his steps as he hurried to his room
in the basement.  He just managed to start down the stairs, when he
heard his mother open the fridge.
   Not wanting her to hear him, he tiptoed the remaining distance to
his room.  He quietly closed the door and locked it.  He tore at his
pants as he hurried to his bed.  Reaching under the mattress, he pulled
out a well worn magazine.  He stepped out of his pants as he lay down. 
He pulled his hard shaft from his briefs as he placed the magazine on
his raised thighs.
   One hand slowly stroking his cock, he turned the pages slowly.  In
each picture, some poor helpless girl was bound.  Some were held by
chains, others with leathers straps.  As he gazed upon one where a whip
was slashing across the girl's tits, he squeezed his balls gently.  In
another picture, a small blond, with large but perfectly formed tits,
was bent over backwards.  Her mouth was stretched wide by an enormous
cock, as a second, equally as large, thrust deep into her cunt.
   Even knowing what the next page held, Rodger still felt his breath
catch in his throat.  She was suspended in midair, her arms and legs
spread wide with chains.  Her gorgeous tits strained against weights
suspended from clamps attached to her nipples.
   Two men, naked except for black leather face masks, attacked her
body with riding crops.  Each man held an enormous phallus.  It was
obvious they were attacking both her cunt and ass with them.
   Rodger could imagine her swing back and forth in attempt to get away
from the stinging lash of the riding crops.  And as she swayed, heavy
weights moved, pulling on the clamps as they dug into her tender
nipples.  And as her hips moved back and forth, the gigantic dildos
took turns digging deeper into her cunt and ass.  Rodger's hand was
pumping his now throbbing cock, as he played the scene in his mind.
   Reluctantly he turned the page.  He closed his eyes in anticipation. 
The next page was even more worn than the previous ones.  Full of
stains, the ink was worn thin as if rubbed many times.  Rodger took
several deep breaths as he now gently rubbed his blood red cock.
   Opening his eyes slowly, he looked at his favorite picture.  He
covered the picture with his hand so he could only see part of it. 
Slowly he moved his hand across the page, revealing more of it.  His
breathing became more rapid as he gripped the tip of his cock and
roughly teased it.  Again there were two men with a bound girl between
them.  She was bent at the waist.  Her ankles wore cuffs attached to a
long bar which forced her legs wide apart.  Rodger ran his fingers
across the thighs where they showed the strain of the forced position.
   Her arms were pulled hard behind her back, her wrists also cuffed. 
A thin chain looped tightly around her neck and down to the cuffs at
her wrist.  Again clamps bit into her nipples.  They were attached to
taunt chains, which in turn were attached to the bar between her
ankles. 
   One cock filled her mouth as another was shown half in her ass.  The
man reaming her from behind had his hands tightly around the chain
which ran down her back.  Rodger's hand furiously pumped his cock, as
he closed his eyes.
   He could hear her muffled protests as she was forced to service both
men.  She couldn't help her body jerking forward, each time Rodger
shoved his giant cock deep in her ass.  And each time she did, the cock
in her mouth dug deeper into the back of her throat.
   Rodger would slowly pull his cock from her tight ass, forcing her
harder against the cock in front of her.  But then he would jerk on the
chain around her throat, causing her to raise her head and push back
hard against him.  His cock would ram deep into her ass, his balls
slapping against her straining thighs. 
   And she would groan even with the cock in her mouth.  For each time
she raised her head to ease the chain choking her, her tits pulled
against the clamps held fast by chains.  Rodger continued to slam his
cock deep into her ass, as the man in front withdrew his throbbing cock
from her mouth.
   Thick streams of hot cum spurted across her eyes and nose.  She
strained forward, trying desperately to catch the cum on her
outstretched tongue.  Rodger pulled hard on the chain around her neck,
forcing her to impale herself deeper on his burning cock.
   His hips pistoned faster as he reached beneath her to strum the
taunt chains attached to her tender nipples.  From her now free mouth,
loud moans filled the room.  Her bound hands tried to caress his taunt
stomach.
   Rodger felt the molten fluids build under pressure within him.  He
slammed into her tight nether opening again and again, until he knew he
could delay no longer.  He withdrew his flaming rod from her and
grabbed the chain around her neck.
   Twisting it tighter, he pulled her head around to face him.  Her
mouth was opened wide to receive him.  She lurched forward, swallowing
him whole.
   The touch of her moist mouth was more than he could take.  Her
tongue drove him beyond endurance as he came with violent shudders
coursing through his body.  His pelvis slammed against her face, as she
sucked him dry.
   Empty at last, he had to push her face from his cock.  Her tongue
continued to lick at the tip of his shaft.  He laughed as he pulled her
face upward, causing the clamps to pull harder on her tits.
   Rodger opened his eyes again.  His cock now limp in his hand.  He
reached for a kleenex to wipe the gobs of cum from the pages opened
before him.  He wondered briefly if he could find chains before
Wednesday night.


 -- Chapter Eighteen

   Thomas arrived at Louanne's house precisely at seven.  He rang the
bell and waited for someone to answer.  Mrs. Raster opened the door.
   "Hi, you must be Thomas?" she said, uncertain.
   "Yes, ma'am.  I've come to tutor Louanne," he replied.
   "Please come in.  Louanne is expecting you.  And I'd like to thank
you for helping like this.  Mrs. Whalen speaks very highly of you."
   "Thank you," he said as he entered the house.  "I hope this extra
studying helps Lou.  I wouldn't want her to fail, or anything like
that."
   "I hope so, too.  Louanne is downstairs.  I'll show you the way,"
she said as she headed toward the kitchen.
   Thomas almost said he knew where it was.  But then he realized this
was suppose to be the first time he had been there.  "Almost screwed
that up," he thought as he followed her.
   "Louanne?  Thomas is here," her step-mother called.
   "I'll be right there," Louanne replied.
   "Would you like something to drink, Thomas?" Mrs. Raster asked.
   "No thank you, ma'am.  At least not now.  I just finished supper a
little while ago."
   "Well, maybe later.  Some milk and cookies sound good?  I baked some
chocolate chip cookies yesterday."
   "Yes ma'am.  That sounds good.  Maybe after we've gotten some
studying done?"
   "Hi Tommy," Louanne said as she came up the stairs.
   "Well, I guess you two had better get started.  If you need anything
at all, just let me know."
   "Yes ma'am, I will.  All set, Lou?"
   "About as much as I'll ever be.  Comon, let's get this over with." 
They went downstairs.  Louanne had set things up at a small desk in the
corner of the room.  She went to get a chair for Thomas.
   "Did you see Rodger today?" she asked when she returned.
   "Yeah," he answered.
   "Did he say anything about me?"
   "We didn't really say much."
   "He didn't ask you to give me a message or anything like that?"
   "All we said to each other was hi.  He and Debbie talked a bit at
lunchtime.  But I don't know what they said."
   "Debbie talked to him?"
   "Yeah, but just for a couple of minutes.  He said he wanted to talk
to her alone, so I took off.  She met me a few minutes later."
   "So she intends to play little miss matchmaker," Louanne said,
thoughtfully.
   "Why do you think Rodger would give me a message for you?"
   "Well, he knew we'd be studying together tonight."
   "Yeah, so?"
   "Well, he and I had a fight on Saturday after you left Dale's.  He
tried to talk to me this morning before school.  But I was still mad at
him, and didn't want to talk.  I never saw him again at school today. 
And he wasn't around when we walked home.  I just thought maybe he
might have said something to you."
   Thomas thought of the conversation he had overheard in the locker
room.  Should he say something to Lou?  He wasn't sure.  Maybe Rodger
had only been teasing Dale.  And even if he hadn't, it wasn't really
Thomas' business, was it?
   "Nope.  Like I said, we really didn't say much of anything.  Sorry."
   "Oh, that's okay.  Maybe I'll give Debbie a call later, and find out
what they talked about.  Guess we better get started."
   He and Louanne started going over the material Mrs. Whalen had
outlined for them.  Louanne seemed to have trouble understanding.  He
constantly had to go back and explain things two or three times, before
she caught on.  He found himself wondering if he had made a mistake
thinking this would be easy.
   He was trying to explain, for the fourth time, the relationship
between the Holy Roman Empire and the Roman Catholic Church, when Mrs.
Raster came down carrying a large tray.
   "How is it going?" she asked as she set the tray on table in front
of the couch.
   "Slowly," Thomas responded, slightly irritated.
   "Slowly?  Are you crazy?  If you didn't go so fast, maybe I could
understand this junk,"  Louanne snapped at him.
   "Now, now children.  I think you two need a break.  I thought you
might want some of those cookie, Thomas."
   "Thank you, ma'am.  They sure do look good."
   "Well, I hope you like them.  If you want some more, just let me
know.  Now you two take a break.  It sounds like you may be trying to
do too much at one time.  Remember, if you need anything, just let me
know."
   "You can get me a new brain, while you're at it," Louanne said
discouraged.
   "It just takes a little time, honey.  Don't give up too soon," her
step-mother said as she went back upstairs.
   "Yeah, don't let it get to you, Lou," Thomas added.  "I guess maybe
I have been going too fast.  We'll just take it a little slower.  Look
at the progress you've made all ready."
   "I don't know," Louanne said.  "I just can't seem to remember names
and dates like you."
   "Okay, so maybe you have a little trouble in that area.  But you
catch on quick to the why things happen.  Like the bit with Charlemagne
and the Pope."
   "No more, please!  Right now, all I want to do is fill my face with
cookies and milk."
   Louanne picked up a cookie and shoved it in her mouth.  Her cheeks
bulged out and she crossed her eyes at him.  Thomas laughed, and did
the same thing.  Louanne picked up another cookie and tried to shove it
in his mouth.  Thomas choked slightly as he tried to swallow the cookie
already in his mouth.
   Louanne handed him a glass of milk, saying, "Here, wash it down with
this."
   "Now who's going too fast?" he managed to say between coughing fits.
   "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to . . ."
   "It's okay.  I should have know better.  My mother is always
reminding to chew my food properly."
   "Yeah, they're good at that.  Are you sure you're okay?"
   "Really, I'm fine now.  Maybe I'll have another cookie.  They sure
do taste good."
   "Here, let me help you," she said as she broke one into small
pieces.  "Just take it a little at a time, right?"
   She placed a piece on his lips.  Thomas opened his mouth and stuck
out his tongue.  Louanne placed it on his tongue.  Thomas drew his
tongue back into his mouth and chewed the cookie slowly.
   Louanne held another piece out to him.  Again he stuck out his
tongue.  This time he licked the piece she held, catching her fingers. 
He leaned over and caught it between his lips.
   Louanne held on to it.  With his lips pressed around her fingertips,
he used his tongue to pry it from her grasp.  Slowly she pulled her
fingers from his mouth.
   "Where did you learn to use your tongue like that?" she asked.
   "Sorry?" he replied.
   "You know what I mean.  I told you Debbie told me everything you two
did, remember?"
   "I . . . er . . ."
   "If you're too embarrassed to talk about it, I'll understand.  I
shouldn't have said anything, anyways."
   "That's okay.  It's just not something I usually talk about anyhow,"
Thomas said, somewhat relieved.
   "I'm sorry.  It's just when Debbie told me, I felt . . . I don't
know, I guess I was jealous a bit."
   "Jealous?  Of me?"
   "No, not of you.  I don't really know how to explain it.  It's just
that Rodger and I have gone out for three months.  And he's never done
anything like that to me.  And all Debbie talks about is how great you
are.  And how you make her feel really good and all."
   "She does?  She thinks I'm great?"
   "Shit yes.  Like I said, all she wants to talk about is you and how
you're so good at . . . well you know."
   "Gee, I didn't think it meant all that much to her."
   "Are you kidding?  She doesn't talk about anything else.  It's
sickening sometimes.  If I have to listen to her telling me about how
many times you made her cum one more time, I'll scream."
   Thomas reddened to hear Louanne talk like that.
   Noticing his discomfort, Louanne said, "I can't figure you out
sometimes.  I mean, you knew I was watching you and Debbie, but it
didn't bother you then.  But I talk about it now, and you blush.  Hell,
you even paraded around here with a hard on, wanting me to lick it,
remember?"
   "I'm really sorry about that.  I don't know why I acted that way.  I
was really ashamed afterwards."
   "I dunno," Louanne said with a twinkle in her eyes.  "From what I
saw, you don't have too much to be ashamed of."
   Thomas felt himself blush again.  He squirmed in his seat, wishing
they would talk about something else.
   "Okay, okay," Louanne said, laughing.  "I'll drop the topic.  But
only if you'll answer my question.  How did you learn to use your mouth
like that?"
   "I didn't do anything special," Thomas protested.
   "Bullshit.  Debbie doesn't go ape-shit like she's over you, unless
the guy is really exceptional."
   "No, really I mean it.  I just did what she told me."
   "Yeah right.  Like that was the first time you did anything like
that."
   "It was!  I never went out with a girl before that night.  I never
even kissed a girl before Debbie.  And I really didn't do anything
special.  I only did what she told me to do.  And what I thought I
should do."
   Louanne looked at him skeptically.  "You're not serious, are you? 
You don't expect me to believe I was watching your first time doing it,
do you?"
   "No, when you saw us, it wasn't the first time."
   "I thought so," Louanne said.
   Thomas added, "It was the fourth time.  We did it twice the night
before and once before you saw us.  But before that, I never did
anything like that."
   Louanne sat looking at him with stunned look on her face.  Thomas
felt a strange sense of satisfaction at her reaction.  He got up and
went back to where they had been studying.
   "We better hit the books again.  I have to leave at nine."
   Louanne took a moment to answer.  She was having a hard time sorting
out her thoughts.  He seemed to be telling the truth about Debbie being
the first girl he was ever with.
   But she remembered how cocky he was, parading around naked.  Cocky
was the right word all right, she thought, as she also remembered what
his shaft had felt like in her hand.  It was her turn to blush.
   "Are you gonna sit there all night?  Or are you coming?" he asked.
   "Not yet," she giggled.
   Thomas gave her a questioning look.
   "But soon, I hope.  If Rodger can learn as quick as you."
   Louanne grabbed another cookie and reluctantly went back to the
books.  Watching her reading, Thomas wondered if he'd ever really
understand girls.  He had to admit they were fun to be with sometimes. 
But they did and said the strangest things?


 -- Chapter Nineteen

   Debbie lay in bed, thinking.  She knew she loved Tommy.  God, how
could she ever doubt it.  He made her feel so good.  She rubbed her
thighs together, thinking of his mouth.
   But his mouth was replaced by another.  The tender touch of Rodger's
lips.  And the silky texture of his tongue as it slipped gently into
her mouth.  She could feel where his hand had squeezed her ass.
   And she had been surprised at how easily he had been aroused.  "All
we did was kiss.  And yet he quickly got a hard on.  Could I turn him
on that much?"  She remembered also how quickly she got turned on, too. 
"But he belongs to Lou.  And I love Tommy.  I'm just gonna have to
forget about him.  I don't need him anyways.  Lou says he won't even
eat her.  And Tommy is so good at it."
   But Debbie wondered if Lou wasn't always so uptight about sex, if it
wouldn't be different with Rodger.  If he had a girl who wasn't afraid
to do things.  How could he possibly refuse to go down on her after she
had taken good care of him.
   "If he had a real girl.  I bet after one of my fake fucks, he'd eat
me.  Damn right he would.  Especially if he wanted to do it again, he'd
beg to eat me."
   "Imagine me going out with him?  The coolest guy at school, and he'd
be all mine.  All those people who talk about me now?  They'd be
impressed.  They wouldn't call me a bad girl then.  No way.
   Maybe if things don't work out between him and Lou.  He really liked
me, I could tell.  But what about Tommy?  I couldn't break his heart
that way."
   She thought about the call from Lou earlier.  And how she could
hardly stop from telling her what had happened.  Shit, that would have
really screwed things up.  But she was so use to telling Lou everything
she did.  Lou had wanted to know what she and Rodger had talked about
at lunchtime.  Tommy must have said something to Lou.  She admitted
they had talked about Rodger wanting to get back with Lou.
   But she didn't say anything about meeting him after school.  And she
didn't say anything about meeting him on Wednesday.  She told Lou he
was quite upset.  And how he realized he had done a bad thing and all.
   Lou didn't sound like she really cared.  Debbie asked if maybe Lou
wanted to break up with Rodger?  Lou answered she didn't know.  When
Debbie asked if she still loved Rodger, Lou was silent.
   Lou then changed the subject.  They talked about Tommy and how the
study session went.  Debbie wasn't sure, but she got the feeling Lou
wasn't telling her everything, either.  But since she was feeling
guilty of doing the same thing, she didn't challenge Lou.
   As she lay on bed, she thought, wouldn't it be funny if Lou ended up
going out with Tommy, and she with Rodger?  She pictured Tommy and
Louanne together.  In her mind, she saw Tommy, his head between
Louanne's legs.  And all the while, Louanne was saying they shouldn't
be doing that.
   Debbie chuckled at the image.  Thomas was always saying the same
thing to her.  Those two were really two of a kind.  And she was sure
Rodger was like her.  Wanting to do almost anything that felt good.
   The people in her mental image changed.  Now it was Rodger on his
knees.  And the image of Louanne changed, too.  It was herself.  But
she wasn't complaining.  She was urging him to eat her faster.
   Debbie started to play with her vagina as she imagined Rodger using
both his mouth and hands on her.  She thought about Wednesday night. 
Maybe it wouldn't hurt, if they fooled around a little bit.
   Like if she only showed him what he should do to Louanne.  And what
if he wanted to practice a bit first?  She'd only be helping her
friend, right?  And she'd have to repay him, wouldn't she?
   The mental image changed again.  It was still her and Rodger, but
this time they were doing a sixty-nine.  As he attempted to eat her
out, she sucked him off.  And of course, since he really didn't know
what to do, she would make him cum first.
   "Oh my God," he would say as she swallowed all his cum.  "Lou never
does that for me?  Oooh Debbie, you're fantastic."  She'd give his
softening shaft a few extra licks and say, "That's because you never
make her cum."  He'd lie there looking confused.  And she'd have to
explain to him what she meant.  She'd say, "If you made her cum a few
times, she'd do it for you too.  But it ain't fun only doing someone
else.  Here, I'll show you.  Just do what I say."
   She would tell him what to do.  Tell him how to play with her tits. 
Tell him how to lick and suck her cunt.  Tell him about the clit.  And
how good it felt when he sucked it.  She'd tell him how to use his
tongue.
   And he'd lick and suck her until she came.  But she make him do it
again.  Maybe even a third time.  Once he had it right, she'd show him
what else he and Lou could do.
   She had brought herself to climax while she imagined Rodger doing
her the third time.  As she pictured her and Rodger doing the fake
fuck, she stuck her finger deep within her vagina.
   Rapidly her hand moved, as she squeezed her legs together to
increase the pressure.  As she continued to finger fuck herself, she
imagined Rodger changing the direction of his thrusts.
   Instead of downward, through her legs, he thrusted upwards.  The tip
of his enlarged shaft pierced her cunt lips.  She was moving backward
and accidentally forced him deep inside her.  Her finger forced itself
as deep as it could within her burning vagina.
   My god, he's fucking me, she would think.  She would try to move
away from him.  But he would grab her hips, and bury his hot cock
deeper in her wet cunt.  Her struggles against him would only excite
him more as he moved faster and faster.
   And the friction of his cock against her clit would cause her to cum
again.  She would ride his shaft until she came a second time.  As he
had already cum several times, she knew it would be safe.  He would
continue to drive his throbbing cock between her legs trying to bring
himself to climax.
   But before that happened, she would grasp his cock tightly.  She'd
climb off of it, and turn around until she was facing him.  She'd
slowly take it in her mouth.  He'd be begging her to suck him.  But
she'd just tease the tip.
   He'd promise her he'd never see Lou again.  He'd promise her he'd
take her to all the school dances.  He'd say how special she was.  And
how much he loved her.  He'd even beg to eat her out again.
   She'd swallow his entire cock, while her hands played with his
balls.  She'd continue to suck and lick him until he said he was
cumming.  And when she felt his balls contract, she'd give them just a
tiny squeeze.  And as he came into her mouth, she'd make sure he heard
her swallow all his hot cum.
   And after, when he was hugging and kissing her, she'd tell him they
couldn't do any of it again.  She'd tell him they weren't meant to be. 
And when he cried, she'd hold him.  She'd tell him he really loved Lou
and not her.
   And when he protested it was she he really loved, she'd remind him,
she loved Tommy.  But maybe, someday, things would be different.  And
she'd remind him how he owed Louanne.  How he had to show Louanne how
much he loved her by doing all the things they had done.
   And when he admitted she was right, she would give his now limp cock
one last kiss.  She'd get up and start to leave.  But he'd rush to her
side and taking her into his arms, kiss her deeply.  He'd say how he'd
never forget what they had done.  And how he knew no other girl would
ever make him feel that good again.
   She'd leave him standing there looking sad and lost.  And she'd call
Louanne the moment she arrived home.  She'd tell Lou everything with
Rodger was okay now.  That Lou should see him as soon as she could. 
And when Lou asked what happened, Debbie would just laugh.  Ask your
boyfriend, she would say.  Or better yet, have him show you.
   She knew Lou would be upset.  But she was sure once Rodger did to
Louanne everything she had taught him, Louanne would thank her.  She'd
let Lou go on and on about how grateful she was for Debbie helping her. 
But Debbie would only reply, that's what friends are for.
   And when she and Tommy were together on Friday night, she'd make
sure he was happy too.  Maybe she wouldn't be giving him her virginity. 
But she would take his.  It was almost the same thing.  And she could
feel good, helping all these people to really love one another.
   The sheets beneath her hips were soaking wet now from her multiple
orgasms.  Her hands were still lightly rubbing her clit as she thought,
"I love happy endings."


 -- Chapter Twenty

   Thomas walked the two girls to school.  Debbie asked how the
tutoring went.  Louanne answered it was harder than she thought it
would be.  Debbie said she and Tommy were going to a movie Friday
night, and wondered if Lou and Rodge wanted to go too.
   "I dunno," Louanne replied.
   "Hey, comon,"  Debbie said.  "You have to give the guy another
chance, sometime.  And by Friday, everything will be okay again
anyways."
   "I wish I felt that certain," Louanne said.  "We haven't even talked
since Saturday."
   "That's not true.  He tried to talk to you yesterday.  How is he
gonna beg you to take him back, if you don't give him the chance."
   "Is that what you two talked about yesterday?" Louanne asked.
   "Doesn't matter what we talked about.  What matters is what you're
gonna do.  Either give him another chance, or break it off. 
Personally, I think you'd be making a big mistake, if you don't make up
with him."
   "Make up with him?  After what he did?  You got to be kidding."
   "Aw, comon, Lou.  I know you won't tell me exactly what happened. 
But it couldn't have been that bad.  Comon, Rodge is so cool.  No way
he could have done anything that bad."
   "How can you assume that, if you don't know what happened?" Thomas
asked Debbie.
   "Hey comon.  Don't you start ganging up on the poor guy, too.  How
do you know he did something that bad?  Were you there?"
   "Well, no.  But if Louanne says he did, why don't you believe her?"
   "I ain't doubting her.  Really, Lou, I ain't.  It's just I know you. 
And I know you kinda think some things are worse than they really are."
   "I give up," Louanne said.  "You always bring everything back to
sex."
   "I do not!" Debbie protested.
   "You damn well do to," Louanne snapped back.  "Someday, you'll learn
there is more to a relationship than just making out.  If he really
loved me, he wouldn't ask me to do stuff that I don't like to do."
   "Well, maybe the real problem is you don't love him.  Cause if you
did, you'd want to do stuff like that.  Want to show him just how much
you really care about him," Debbie argued.
   "Shit, have you and Rodger been practising your speeches together,
or something?  Okay, maybe you're right.  Maybe I would do some stuff
for him I wouldn't normally do."
   "But it's a two way street.  If he really loved me, he would
understand there are things I don't like.  Or times when I'm not in the
mood.  What do you think, Tommy?" Louanne asked.
   "Well, I dunno," Thomas said.
   "Comon, Tommy.  Louanne is looking for another guy's opinion.  Is
she wrong?  Or am I?" Debbie demanded.
   "I don't think either of you are wrong," he answered evasively.
   "Shit!  Comon, Goody-two-shoes, tell us what you really think,"
Debbie taunted.
   "Well, I . . . er . . . I don't know.  Lou's right to expect not to
be forced to do things she doesn't want.  But you're right when you say
a person wants to do stuff for the person he loves.  But no one should
force another person to do stuff they don't want to do."
   "Like you never have?"  Debbie asked.
   "Of course not!" he said.  "I'd never do that."
   "Oh yeah?  What about me and Saturday?"
   "I never forced you to do any of that stuff on Saturday."
   "You damn well did too.  Don't you remember what happened when I
came back downstairs after talking to my dad?"
   "What?  We fooled around a bit more.  But that was all.  I didn't
force you to do anything."
   "Yes you did.  I wanted to get home before I got into trouble.  And
you wouldn't let me go.  Instead, you ignored what I wanted and did
what you wanted."
   "But I thought you liked it.  You didn't stop me."
   "And the worse part was you didn't even do it for me,"  Debbie said
accusingly.
   "But I did.  I wanted to make you . . . er . . . you know."
   "No you didn't.  You did it because you knew I couldn't refuse. 
Knew I wouldn't refuse you anything.  Not after what we had done and
said."
   "But I did do it for you.  Why else would I do it?"
   "To show off.  You think I didn't know what was going on?  You were
just using me to see if you could get Louanne turned on too.  I'm not
that stupid."
   Thomas reddened.  He had been trying to see how Louanne would react. 
But he hadn't meant to do something wrong.  And he never meant to force
Debbie to do something she hadn't wanted to do.
   "I'm sorry, Debbie.  Really I am.  I didn't mean to . . ."
   "If you knew what he was doing, why did you let him?" asked Louanne.
   "What was I going to do?  Make a big scene?  But like I said, I
couldn't very well refuse him after what we had already done.  And
besides, I knew you were watching.  I thought it might do you good to
see what it was like."
   "You knew she was watching?" Thomas asked.
   "Sure.  And we were getting to her too," Debbie laughed.  "At one
point, I thought she was gonna join us.  Instead, she chickened out and
ran upstairs."
   Turning to Louanne, Debbie added, "I thought maybe you went upstairs
to play with yourself."
   "I did no such thing.  I simply went upstairs to get your stuff.  I
figured someone had to do it since you had other things on your mind at
the time."
   "Bullshit!  You could hardly take your eyes off of us.  Comon, admit
it.  It turned you on, didn't it?" Debbie continued to tease.  "Maybe
you'd like me to loan you Tommy for a while.  You'd find out what
you're missing real quick like."
   Both Louanne and Tommy started to protest.  Debbie laughed and ran
on ahead.
   Louanne and Tommy looked at one another, embarrassed.  Tommy started
to say something.
   "Look, I don't care what she says," Louanne blurted out.  "It wasn't
like that at all.  You've got to believe me."
   "It's okay.  She's only teasing.  I know you'd never do anything
like that," Thomas replied.  "I guess I'm the guilty one.  I was kinda
showing off.  I know I shouldn't have, and I'm sorry."
   Debbie called to them, "Are you two coming?  Or, are you planning on
skipping school today?  I'm sure Tommy would be glad to show you what
it's all about, if you want, Lou?"
   Louanne and Tommy caught up to Debbie.  She was laughing so hard,
tears were running down her face.
   "I don't think it's all that funny," Louanne said.
   "Nor do I," added Thomas.
   "Oh, comon, you two," Debbie said, still laughing.  "I was only
kidding.  Besides Lou, you'll have all you can handle with Rodger. 
Once you show him what to do."
   "Fat chance with that.  He's not even waiting for me this morning,"
Louanne said, as they approached the school.
   "After the way you treated him yesterday, what do you expect?"
Debbie asked.  "Maybe now you'll listen to me when I say you have to
let him know you're still interested.  We'll probably see him at
lunchtime anyways."
   Debbie and Thomas headed into the building.  Louanne hung back for a
moment.  Looking around and feeling disappointed, she wondered where
Rodger was.


 -- Chapter Twenty-One

   "Look, never mind who she is," Rodger said to Dale.  "I'll tell you
tonight.  Just make sure you're there no later than 6:30."
   "Yes, but Rodge, I don't think I could just fuck anyone.  I kinda
need to know them, know what they're like."
   "Bullshit.  How the fuck would you know.  Shit, you ain't even had a
girl give you a decent blowjob.  You'd fuck anything that wore a skirt,
and beg for a second chance."
   "I dunno, Rodge.  She could have a disease or something.  I don't
want to take any chances."
   "Look, do you want to lose your cherry or not?  I'm trying to do you
a favor.  But if you ain't interested?"
   "No!  I'm interested.  I just wanted to know who she was, that's
all.  She'll really take care of both of us, tonight?  Suck us off and
everything?"
   "Don't worry about that.  She'll do anything I want, and then some. 
And you ain't gotta worry about catching anything.  She's clean, I'm
sure of it."
   "Well, if you say so.  But I still don't understand why you won't
tell me who she is?  Is it Ellen?  Or maybe Carol?"
   "If you don't stop this shit, you'll end up fucking your hand again. 
I'll tell you who she is tonight.  Now remember what I said about when
and where?  And what you're to do."
   "Yeah sure.  I meet you at the shed, in back of the Bartlet place,
at 6:30.  I'm to hide in the shed and not to make a sound, or show
myself until you give me the signal.  Right?"
   "Right.  Now don't say a word to anyone about this.  Don't want
someone else trying to horn in on our actions, do we?"
   "Of course not.  But I don't understand why I have to hide."
   "Like I said before, she hasn't agreed to do us both.  Just me.  But
I know once she gets hot, she'll want to party.  And if she doesn't,
we'll just have to persuade her a bit."
   "Persuade her?  You ain't gonna do anything of that rough shit
again, are you?  The last time you pulled that crap, you almost got
busted.  I don't want any part of that stuff."
   "This time it'll be different.  Trust me.  This slut likes it rough. 
It makes her real hot.  And the hotter she is, the more she'll want to
make sure we're both taken care of.  Just think, everything you ever
wanted a girl to do to you, or you wanted to do to her."
   "Hell, I'll be happy if she just sucks me off.  And of course I
wanna get laid, too."
   Rodger chuckled.  "You're too easy to please.  But just watch me and
you'll learn everything else there is to know.  Now remember, not a
word to anyone."
   "Sure Rodge.  You know me.  I'd never say anything.  Shit, don't
know how I'm gonna make it through the day, though.  I've already got a
hard-on that won't quit."
   They hurried to school, each lost in his own little fantasy of what
was going to happen that night.

                              --- *** ---

   Debbie ran into Rodger between classes.  As this was one of the few
times she and Louanne didn't go to the same class, she knew it was no
accident.
   "Hi," Rodger said as he started walking beside her.
   "Hi.  I was wondering when you would see me today?" Debbie said.
   "Well, I didn't want anyone to get any ideas, like you said last
night.  So I decided this would be the best way.  I found a place we
could go to tonight.  You know the old Bartlet place?"
   "Yeah sure.  Is that where you want to meet?"
   "Yeah.  Well kinda.  I thought we could meet at the old shed behind
the place.  That is, if you still want to meet?"
   "Of course I do.  Why would you think I wouldn't?"
   "Well, after the way I acted yesterday, I could understand if you
didn't.  I'm really sorry about that.  I don't know what came over me."
   "Hey, that's okay.  And the old shed is okay, too.  You said seven?"
   "Yeah, seven.  And Debbie, I really appreciate this."
   "If you really want to show me how much you appreciate it, you had
better start letting Louanne know how much she means to you.  I think
you should try and see her during lunch, don't you?"
   "I will.  I was intending to anyways.  I was gonna ask her if she
wanted to go to a movie or something, Friday night."
   "Hey, that's a good idea.  You two can double with Tommy and me. 
That way, she won't feel threatened or anything like that."
   "That sounds great.  I'll let you know how I make out tonight when
we meet.  I'll see you then, okay?"
   "Sounds good to me.  But don't forget to bring your learning cap. 
You have a few things to learn tonight."
   "Oh, I will, you can count on it," Rodger said.  He watched her walk
to her class.  As she disappeared into the room, he thought, "And I
have a few things to teach you too, you fucking slut."

                                   --- *** ---

   Thomas met Debbie and Louanne at lunchtime.  They headed out to the
playing field to watch the practice game.  Before they got to the
field, Rodger met them.
   "Lou, can I speak to you for a moment," he asked.
   "I don't know," she replied.  "I was going to watch the game."
   "I won't take long, I promise.  I just need to talk to you," Rodger
pleaded.
   "Go on.  Either give him a second chance, or tell him goodbye.  You
can't keep him hanging like that forever," Debbie whispered in her ear.
   "Well, I guess it would be okay," Louanne said.
   "We'll see you later," Debbie said as she pulled Thomas away from
them.
   Louanne was about to call them back.  She didn't really feel
comfortable being alone with Rodger.
   "She'd make a good matchmaker, don't you think?" Rodger asked,
breaking the silence between them.
   "She seems to think so," Louanne replied.  "She thinks I'm making a
big mistake by not forgiving you."
   "Well she's wrong there," Rodger said quickly.  "You probably
shouldn't forgive me.  Least ways, not yet.  But I would appreciate it
if you'd give me a chance to try to make up.  What I did was
unforgivable, I know."
   "If you know that, why do you keep asking me for another chance?"
Louanne demanded, feeling angry.
   "Look, I know what I did was terrible, unforgivable.  But I also
know I can't live without you.  I can't sleep.  I can't eat.  All I can
think of is you.  I'll do whatever you ask.  You want me to . . . er .
. . you know, do you?  I'll do it.  Nothing else.  You don't have to do
anything in return."
   "I won't touch you anywhere you don't tell me to do.  If you don't
want to do anything, that's okay too.  All I want to be is close to
you.  I love you, Lou.  Any way you want it, is all I ask.  Please,
just give me second chance.  Please, Lou?"
   Louanne had never seen Rodger this upset before.  She was sure he'd
start crying in another minute.  The pain, so clearly visible on his
face, shot right through her heart.  She had a powerful urge to reach
out and hold him tightly in her arms.
   "I don't know Rodger," she said with some difficultly.  "You really
frightened me.  I'm afraid of you now."
   "Maybe we need to go slow," Rodger suggested.  "Maybe we could start
over again.  What if we kinda double dated or something.  You wouldn't
have to be alone with me."
   "Well maybe.  Debbie and Tommy are going to the movies Friday
night," she offered.
   "You think they'd mind if we tagged along?" he asked.  "I'd walk you
home after, if you wanted.  And I promise no funny stuff afterwards,
not even a good night kiss, unless you wanted to."
   "I don't know," Louanne said feeling confused.  Her heart wanted him
so bad.  She wished they were alone so she could just hold him in her
arms.  But her brain screamed a warning, frightened of what might
happen if they were alone again.  "I need some time to think about it,"
she said softly.
   "Take all the time you need, Lou.  I don't want you to feel rushed,
under pressure.  I know I've lost your trust.  And I'm really scared I
might never win it back.  But you have to believe me when I say I love
you.  Well actually you don't.  But I'm begging you to at least give me
another chance."
   With that, Rodger dropped to his knees in front of her, and said,
"Please Lou?  Just one chance?"
   Louanne was horrified by what he was doing. People were staring at
them.  "Get up from there this instance.  My God, Rodger, what do you
think you're doing?  You're embarrassing me.  Stop that.  Please
Rodger, don't"
   He slowly got up off his knees.  She thought how he looked like a
lost puppy.  She wanted to say yes.  Yes, they could go out Friday
night.  Yes, she still loved him.  But she still had a nagging feeling
in the back of her mind.  A feeling which suggested caution.
   "I promise I'll think about it, Rodger.  Right now, that's all I can
promise," she said with mixed feelings.
   "I understand.  You have to sort out your feelings about me.  Decide
which is stronger, your love for me, or your fear of me.  I guess
asking to walk you home after school wouldn't be such a good idea right
now?"
   "No, I don't think it would.  But I will make a promise to let you
know about Friday night, tomorrow."
   "No!" he protested.  "That's too soon.  Wait until Friday.  Tell you
what.  If you decide yes, wait for me in front of the cafeteria.  If I
don't see you waiting there, I'll know you decided not to give me
another chance.  I'll know I screwed everything up.  That way, you
won't have to face me if the answer is no.  And I'll know it's over
between us."
   "Lou, you have to believe me.  If you decide to dump me, I'll
understand.  No hard feelings, no scenes in public.  I'll accept your
decision, whatever it is, without an argument.  I promise you that."
   "But if there is even the tiniest spark of love left in your heart
for me, I pray that somehow I can learn to fan it into a blaze.  A
blaze so strong, that the two of us will forever be bound by the heat
of it's love.  Goodbye Lou.  My heart is in your hands now.  Do with it
what you will."
   Rodger turned slowly and walked away, leaving her standing there. 
Her heart felt as if it would explode.  She felt her breath catch in
her throat as a sob came out of no where.
   "Oh God, I do love you, Rodger," she cried inwardly.  "I don't want
to live without you either.  Maybe Debbie was right.  I guess I have
been over reacting.  All I want is for you to hold me."
   "I don't care if you won't do stuff to me.  And I don't really care
if you expect me to do stuff either.  Just as long as we can be
together.  Just as long as we love one another.  Nothing else really
matters."
   Louanne suddenly realized if she didn't do something, she would
start crying.  Rubbing her watery eyes, she went looking for Debbie and
Tommy.

                                   --- *** ---

   Debbie was trying to explain things to Tommy.  "You don't
understand.  Rodger has really changed.  He's really sorry about what
he did to Lou.  And he really wants a chance to show Lou he's changed. 
She's got to give him that chance.  For her own sake, she has to."
   "I don't know," he replied.  "I heard him telling Dale how they were
gonna mess around with some girl.  That doesn't sound like a guy upset
about losing his girl to me."
   "Sure it is.  He was just trying to bury his pain.  Besides, he has
needs too, you know."
   "Only animals give in to their needs like that," Thomas replied,
disgusted.
   "Oh, you've never tried to imagine what it would be like with
certain girl?  You've never wanted to fool around with someone?"
   "Okay, maybe I have.  But not any more.  I love you.  And I don't
need anyone else now," he said, hoping to get her to change the topic.
   "Bullshit.  Tell me you haven't imagined what it would be like with
Louanne.  Tell me you weren't thinking about her that time at her
place."
   "I didn't, really.  Okay, maybe I teased her a little.  But I wasn't
thinking about what it would be like with her.  I don't want anyone but
you.
   Thomas reddened as he remembered how he had compared the two girls,
that day in class.
   Taking his hand, and holding it tightly, she said, "Hey, it's okay. 
It's only human to think about stuff like that.  And besides, I don't
mind if you did.  I know as long as I keep you happy, you won't leave
me."
   "And even if you did, I know you'd come back to me.  Because I'll
make sure you get whatever you want from me.  Remember that.  Whatever
you want.  Wherever and whenever you want it."
   She pulled him to her and kissed him.  Her hand reached for his
crotch and she squeezed his penis.
   "Besides, we both know she'd never suck you off like I do.  Want me
to do you now?  We could sneak under the bleachers, right now, if you
want?"  She gave his penis another squeeze.
   "No!  Don't!  Please Debbie, not here."
   "Comon," she offered, "Let's check out the bleachers.  I've got a
terrible urge to taste you again.  You don't have to go anywhere else
to get what I have in mind."
   Debbie gave his now hardening shaft one more squeeze, and started to
pull him toward the bleachers.
   "Please Debbie.  Not now.  Not here.  I don't really want to," he
protested.
   "Hey, where are you two headed?" Louanne said as she approached
them.
   "Er . .  we're were just going to head back inside,"  Thomas said,
feeling relieved.
   "Like hell we were," Debbie said, disappointedly.
   "I'm not interrupting anything, am I?" Louanne said seeing the look
on Debbie's face.
   "No!  No, you're not interrupting anything," Thomas said, a bit too
quickly.
   "You sure did," Debbie countered.  "But I guess it's too late now
anyways.  By the way, how'd you make out with Rodger?  You two decide
to give it another try?"
   "Well, I think so," Louanne answered.  "He asked if I'd go to the
movies with him Friday.  Kind of a double date with you two."
   "And did you say yes?" Debbie asked.
   "I told him I needed sometime to think about it.  We agreed I'd let
him know Friday during school."
   "But you're gonna say yes, ain't you?"
   "I think so.  I really don't know any more.  When he first started
talking to me, I'd have said no.  But when he left, I had all I could
do to keep from shouting yes.  And now that I've had some time to think
about it, I'm not so sure.  Oh Debbie, I feel all confused."
   "Well it won't hurt to keep him hanging a bit.  And you should go
out with him again.  Just to see what you feel like when you two are
alone."
   "And to see how he behaves when you're alone with him.  Worse comes
to worse, Tommy and I can walk you home after the movie.  So you really
have nothing to lose."
   "I hope you're right.  I hope I'm not making a big mistake," Louanne
said just as the bell rang.


 -- Chapter Twenty-Two

   Rodger wondered when Dale would show up.  He had told the idiot to
be here at 6:30.  It was now almost 6:40 and still no sign of the
bastard.  As he turned to head back inside the shed, he saw Dale
running up the path.
   "Where the fuck have you been?" he demanded as Dale nearly collided
into him.
   "I'm sorry, Rodge.  I got stuck cleaning up after supper.  I got
here as fast as I could.  Is she here yet?  I'm not too late, am I?"
   "Get your fucking ass inside there.  Shit, if she shows and sees
you, everything will be ruined.  I'm having second thoughts about you
being here at all, now."
   "Ah comon, Rodge.  I said I was sorry.  Besides you promised me I
was gonna get laid today.  Who is she?  If I'm gonna see her soon
anyways, you might as well tell me who she is."
   Rodger pushed Dale inside the shed.  He led him over to where
several large boxes were stacked next to a work table.  He shoved him
roughly behind the boxes.
   "Now get down there.  I don't want to see or hear you.  If you fuck
this up, I swear I'll beat the fucking shit out of you.  You
understand?"
   "Hey!  That hurt," Dale complained, as he rubbed his leg where it
had banged into the table.  "You don't have to do that shit.  Don't
worry, I'll be quiet.  You won't even know I'm here.  But comon, Rodge,
who's the girl?  I wanna know who she is?"
   "Debbie," Rodger answered, glancing nervously at the open door.
   "No shit?  Debbie?  God, you think she'll suck us off?  Betcha if
she does, she'll swallow it."
   "Sure," Rodger said.  "We already know she loves to swallow the
shit.  But blowjobs ain't the only things she'll do."
   "I hope not.  I've dreamed about fucking those big tits of her's. 
Thinks she'll do that too?  Do you, Rodge?"
   "Why would you want to fuck her tits, when you could be fucking her
cunt?  You're here to get laid, ain't you?"
   "Well . . . sure, I guess.  It's just that I've always wanted to
lose myself in those tits.  God, they're so big.  Sandy's are so small. 
Hell, I almost have bigger tits than she has.  But Debbie.  Now she'
got a pair I could party with forever."
   "You'll get to do all of that, tonight.  That's if you don't fuck
things up.  Now get down there, and make sure you ain't seen.  She
should be coming almost any minute now."
   "Okay, no sweat.  Like I said before, you won't even know I'm here. 
But Rodge?  If she's gonna do us both, why do I have to hide?  And how
will I know when it's time to come out?"
   "I'll let you know, don't worry.  Debbie doesn't realize she's doing
us both, just yet.  But don't worry.  Once the bitch gets all hot and
bothered, she'll beg to take us both on."
   "And Dale, just one other thing.  She likes it rough sometimes.  So
if you see us doing stuff, don't worry."
   "Stuff?  What stuff?" Dale asked, feeling a little unsure.
   "You know, stuff.  Sometimes she likes being slapped around. 
Sometimes she likes to pretend she being raped.  If that happens, don't
worry.  Just play along with her, okay?"
   "Gee, I don't know, Rodge.  It sounds a bit weird to me.  Maybe this
ain't such a good idea."
   "Fuck, don't back out on me now.  Look, if you don't want to do
anything, just stay hidden.  But I think you're a damn fool to pass up
this chance.  You wanna stay a virgin the rest of your life, that's
okay by me.  You do what you want, but make sure you don't fuck things
up for me."
   Dale hid behind the boxes.  He wondered what Rodger had gotten him
into.  He watched as Rodger spread a blanket on the floor near one of
the large poles supporting the roof.  Rodger sat on the blanket with
his back against the pole, facing the door.
   Rodger was feeling nervous.  What if she doesn't show, he wondered. 
Or that fucking asshole over there shows his ugly face?  He reached in
his back pocket for Snake.  The cool feel of the handle helped calm his
nerves.
   She'll show.  The fucking cunt can't wait to get fucked.  And
fucked, she'll get tonight.  He absentmindedly rubbed his hardening
penis, as he imagined Debbie beneath him.  His throbbing cock ramming
her wet cunt as she begged him to fuck her faster and harder.
   His body tensed as he heard someone outside.  Sitting perfectly
still, he waited for whoever it was to approach the opened door.  His
breath caught in his throat when he saw her darkened silhouette framed
by the bright sunlight outside.
   "Rodge?  Rodger?  Are you here?" Debbie called in a low voice.  She
entered, unable to see clearly in the dimness of the shed.
   "Rodger?  Are you here?" she said, a bit more forcibly.
   "Hi Debbie.  I'm glad you showed up.  I wasn't sure if you would,"
Rodger said, once she was half way across the room.
   "Shit!" she exclaimed, startled by his voice.  "I almost didn't see
you there.  It sure is dark in here."
   "You'll get use to it after a few minutes.  I can see you without
any trouble.  It's just when you come in from outside."
   "Yeah, I guess you're right.  I can see you a lot better know.  Is
that a blanket you're sitting on?"
   "Yeah, I brought it along in case.  I didn't want you getting dirty
or anything like that.  Besides, the floor is cold.  Thought it might
be more comfortable this way."
   "He so thoughtful," she thought.  "If Lou only knew how much she's
making a mistake."  Debbie sat down opposite Rodger.  They sat there,
looking at one another, neither sure how to start.
   Rodger ran his eyes over her body.  He loved the way her big tits
strained against her tee shirt.  And her tight jeans.  "God," he
thought, "they're so tight you can almost see her cunt lips."
   He felt his now fully erect cock twitch in response, and casually
covered his bulge with his hands.  For a brief moment, he felt unsure. 
"Maybe I shouldn't be doing this?" he questioned.
   But just then Debbie straighten her shirt.  And in doing so, pulled
it more tightly across her breasts.  Watching the twin globes push even
harder against the thin fabric, he involuntarily rubbed his now
throbbing shaft.
   "Thanks for coming, Debbie," he managed to blurt out.  "I dunno
though.  Maybe after yesterday, we shouldn't meet like this."
   "Now don't start that again," she replied.  "What happened yesterday
was just an accident.  We both know it didn't mean anything.  And if
I'm not upset about it, you shouldn't be either."
   "Yeah, but . . ." Rodger protested.
   "No buts.  Look you need help getting Lou back.  And I want to help. 
So let's forget about yesterday.  The only thing that's important is
you and Lou.  Maybe you thought I was coming on to you yesterday.  And
maybe I was, a bit.  But I don't expect anything for helping you. 
Really I don't"
   "She really wants it," he thought.  "If I play my cards right,
she'll think it's all her idea.  Just be careful and don't fuck things
up," he cautioned himself.
   "You're really sweet, Debbie.  It ain't fair, my taking advantage of
you like this.  If there was any other way I could get Lou back, I
would.  I feel terrible about how I treated her."
   Debbie saw the pain in his face.  She wanted to hold him, and
somehow ease the pain.
   "Maybe you should tell me what happened?" she asked.  "Lou wouldn't
tell me all the details."
   "Do I have to?  I'm not proud of what I did."
   "If I'm going to help at all, I need to know what the problem is.  I
won't judge you.  I need to know so, maybe, I can come up with a way to
fix things."
   He wondered how much to tell her.  How would she react if she knew
how much he was turned on by treating Louanne like that.  Or how she
would respond when he did the same thing to her.
   "Well, I kinda got a little carried away when we were at Dale's on
saturday."
   "I know that much.  But what did you do to her?"
   "Well, I kinda made her do something.  Look, Debbie, I really don't
want to talk about this.  Do we really have to?  Can't we just talk
about what I have to do to get her back?"
   "I know this is painful for you, Rodger.  I can tell you're a real
sensitive guy.  But I need to know what you did and why?  If you don't
understand why you did what you did, how can you expect to change?  How
can we plan how you're gonna get her back?"
   "Well if I have to.  I kinda forced her to go down on me."
   "How?  And why?  Comon Rodge.  Stop trying to avoid the issue."
   "Damn, you're tough.  Okay. I forced her to suck me off.  We were
necking, and suddenly I had this real big hard on.  It felt like I was
gonna die if I didn't get off."
   "I dunno.  But lately Lou doesn't seem to like to do much more than
neck.  Oh, we've done stuff like that before.  But she does it less and
less.  She obviously doesn't love me like she used to."
   "Of course she still loves you," Debbie protested.  "But love is a
two way street.  Maybe she just wants some attention, too.  She has
needs too.  But we'll talk about that later.  Right now, finish telling
me what you did."
   "I tried to get her to rub it.  But she wouldn't.  But when I felt
her hand on me, I guess I kinda went crazy.  I grabbed her hand and
made her rub it.  I tried to get her hot.  I started licking and
kissing her . . . er . . . breasts.  Yeah, her breasts."
   "But that didn't seem to work.  She kept fighting me.  I didn't know
what to do.  I mean there I was in pain.  And she wouldn't do anything. 
So I kinda forced the issue."
   "And how did you do that?
   "I don't know why I did what I did.  I kind of went crazy.  You have
to understand, I'm not usually like that.  But suddenly all I could
think of was my own needs.  It was like I was a completely different
person."
   "You're avoiding the question again," Debbie said.  "We can talk
about why after.  Right know, all I want to know is how.  How did you
force her?"
   "I choked her.  I grabbed her throat and made her take out my cock .
. . er . . . I mean penis.  Then I pushed her face down in my lap and
forced my . . . er . . . penis in her mouth."
   "I kept squeezing her neck and forced her head up and down on me
until I came.  And when she tried to get up, I held her down until I
was finished.  And when she tried to spit it out, I forced her to
swallow it."
   "How?" Debbie asked, horrified, and yet fascinated by what she was
hearing.
   "I held her head so she couldn't move.  And then I covered her mouth
and nose with my hand so she couldn't breathe.  She had no choice but
to do what I wanted her to do."
   "My God, Rodger.  No wonder she's scared of you.  How could you have
done something like that?  Why would you have done it?  Did it turn you
on?"
   "That's the part that frightens me.  I was kinda turned on watching
her.  Knowing she was frightened.  But that wasn't why I did it."
   Debbie shivered, thinking how Louanne must have felt.  Not being
able to breathe, feeling pain as he squeezed her neck tighter.  It must
have been awful.
   "But why, Rodger?  Why would you have done such a terrible thing?"
   "You don't understand.  If you only knew how she makes me feel when
we're together.  How much I enjoy it when she does that to me.  And
it's like, all of a sudden, she won't any more."
   "When we were necking, and she refused to touch me there, I dunno, I
just saw red.  It was like I was losing her.  And if I was, I had
nothing more to lose.  In all the time we went out, she'd never do it,
never let me come in her mouth.  She'd never swallow it."
   "I know this sounds crazy, but getting her to do that became
important.  I couldn't understand how she could say she loved me, but
still refused me that.  Shit, other girls do it, why wouldn't she? 
Like I said, it doesn't really make any sense.  But that was how I felt
then."
   Debbie sat there, stunned.  If anyone else had told her what Rodger
just admitted to doing, she would have thought they were lying.  But
she knew Louanne was scared of him.  And now she knew why.
   "But he seems really sorry," she thought.  "And if he'll listen to
what I say here, I'm sure he'll change.  And if he does what he should
to Louanne, she shouldn't mind as much doing what he likes."
   "Why did you feel Louanne didn't love you any more?" she asked.
   "Like I said, she didn't seem as interested in fooling around like
she used to.  Hell, when we first started going out together, we would
spend hours making out."
   "I think it was our fourth date, when Lou first went down on me.  It
got so that any time we could find a place alone somewhere, she'd do
it.  But the last month or so, I'd have to beg her to do it."
   "Ever think it might have been because she wasn't enjoying it?"
Debbie asked.  "Maybe she felt you didn't love her?"
   "Of course I loved her.  I still do.  Why would she feel like that?"
   "Maybe it was because of stuff you wouldn't do for her.  You wanted
her to do it to you because it made you feel good.  But did you make
her feel good in return?"
   "I tried.  But she never really seemed to enjoy it."
   "You tried?  How?  What exactly did you do?"
   "Well I'd kiss and lick her, er, breasts.  And sometimes, I'd rub
her c. . . her, er . . ."
   "Pussy?" Debbie suggested.
   "Yeah, her pussy.  Anyways, I'd rub it for her.  At first, she
seemed to like it when I did it.  But after awhile, she stopped letting
me."
   "Did you ever finger-fuck her?"
   "Did I what?"
   "You know, stick your finger in her pussy.  Did you?"
   "She let me a couple of times.  But she always complained I was
hurting her, or I was too rough.  The same thing when I tried to play
with her breasts.  She was always saying I was too rough."
   "After a while, I just stopped.  She never liked it when I tried to
do stuff to her anyway."
   "Did you ever try to eat her?  You know, just using your mouth and
tongue?"
   "We did that once.  But I felt foolish.  And it didn't seem to get
her all that excited anyhow."
   "How long did you do it?"
   "I dunno.  I wasn't timing myself," Rodger replied, feeling
irritated with all her questions.
   "Comon Rodger, think.  How long?  A minute?  Two?"
   "I guess about a minute.  But what does that have to do with
anything?"
   "And when someone sucks you off?  How long does it take you to cum?"
   "How the hell should I know?  I don't carry around a stop watch."
   "Five minutes?  Ten?"
   "I guess that sounds like it.  It really depends on how excited I
am.  And how good the girl is."
   "Exactly.  When you're really turned on, you shoot right off, don't
you?  But if you ain't, or the girl doesn't know what she's doing, it
takes longer, don't it?"
   "I guess so.  I never thought of it like that before."
   "I'm finally getting through to him," she thought.  Debbie's hand
shot out and grabbed Rodger by the crotch.  She squeezed hard.
   "Jesus Christ!" he yelled.  "What the fuck do you think you're
doing.  God you're hurting me.  Let go, damn it!"
   "Sorry," she said, as she quickly withdrew her hand.  "Did that feel
good?"
   "Are you out of your fucking mind?  You nearly tore my fucking balls
off, and you ask me if it felt good?"
   Debbie again reached out with her hand.
   "Get away from me.  You're fucking crazy," Rodger said as he tried
to move away from her.
   "No!  Don't worry.  I promise I won't hurt you this time."  Her hand
gently touched him.  She rubbed the area she had hurt.  She caressed
and stroked his testicles.  "Does that feel better?" she asked.
   "Don't.  Please Debbie."
   "Does it?  And when I do this?"  She located his shaft and gently
squeezed it.
   "Please Debbie.  If you only knew what you're doing to me."
   "But I do.  See, when I do this gently, it turns you on.  But if I
do this."  Again she squeezed his testicles.
   "Shit!  Get the fuck away from me," he screamed as he tried to tear
her hands away.
   "Don't you see?" she asked.  "When I'm gentle, you like it.  But if
I'm rough, it doesn't turn you on.  Just like what you did to Lou."
   "You mean, all the time I was trying to get her hot, she was turned
off?"
   "You got it.  And if I did this for a minute or two."  Again she
caressed his shaft.  "And then stopped, how would you feel afterwards?"
   "I'd feel good."
   "After I stopped?  But if I didn't do anything else, would you still
feel good?"
   "Probably not, I guess."
   "And that's how Lou felt after you only ate her for a minute or two. 
How did you expect her to get excited that way.  Besides it takes girls
longer.  You have to learn to be more gentle.  And more patient."
   Debbie again reached for his shaft. Rodger stiffened at her touch. 
She traced the outline of his harden cock through his pants.
   "Please Debbie.  Don't!  We shouldn't," he pleaded.
   "Does it feel good?" she asked.
   "Yes.  God, yes.  But . . ."
   "Why?  Why does it fell good?"
   "Because you're being gentle?" he replied.
   "You're learning.  But there's another reason, too.  What do you
think that is?"
   "Please Debbie, will you stop it.  I can't think straight.  Don't
tease me like this."
   "That's it.  Don't you see?"
   "I can't see anything.  Please take your hand away.  Please!" he
begged.
   "Oh sorry," she said as she removed her hand from his now fully
enlarged shaft.  Up to this moment, she had been watching the emotions
on his face.  She glanced to where her hand had just been.  "My God,"
she thought, "he's huge."
   "Maybe this wasn't such a good idea," Rodger said, as he squirmed
uncomfortably.  "I know you mean well, but this just isn't working
out."
   "Hey, don't quit now," she argued.  "Look at the progress you've
made already."
   "Progress?  What progress?  All I got is a hard-on that won't quit. 
And no way to get rid of it."
   "You've made a lot of progress.  You've learned you have to be
gentle.  That being rough isn't the way to turn a girl on.  You've
learned it takes patience.  You can't expect Lou to get all hot just
because you play with her a little bit."
   "And you learned that, sometimes, you need to tease a bit.  You
know, play with her for awhile before you do anything else.  If this
was you and Lou, and she went down on you now, how long would it be
before you came?  A minute?  Two?"
   "Shit.  I'd probably come the moment her lips touch me."
   "Exactly.  The same thing applies to Lou.  If you played with her
titties and pussy like that, she'd come a lot quicker when you finally
went down on her."
   "Fat chance I'll ever have of doing that," Rodger said,
despondently.  "She hardly even talks to me, let alone allow me to
touch her again."
   "You have to prove to her you've changed.  You need to show her she
doesn't have to be afraid any more."
   "Yeah, right.  And how do I do that?"
   "Look, Lou still loves you, I know she does.  But after what you
did, she's afraid.  Afraid you'll hurt her again.  So now you have to
extra careful, extra gentle.  You have to take it extra slow."
   "Like Friday night.  Treat her like she's a fragile piece of glass. 
When you kiss her, do it slowly, softly.  Touch her face, her neck,
lightly.  Don't squeeze her.  If she lets you hold her, pretend she's
an egg.  Hold her tenderly, not hard."
   "I don't know if I can do something like that," Rodger said, 
"Sometimes, I don't know my own strength."
   "Sure you can.  Here," she said as she moved closer, "pretend I'm
Lou. Place your arms around me."
   Rodger wrapped his arm around Debbie and pulled her closer.  "No. 
Don't pull on her.  Let her be the one to move closer.  If she doesn't
want to, don't force her.  Now try it again."
   Debbie moved back a little as Rodger again placed his arms around
her.  "If she won't move closer to you, try moving closer to her.  But
slowly, so she doesn't feel threatened."
   Unsure what she meant, Rodger edged closer.
   "Yeah, like that.  Like you're not sure if she'll let you.  That way
she feels like she still has some control over what's happening.  If
she moves away, or pushes you away, let her.  Change your approach if
you have to."
   "Change my approach?  I don't understand."
   "Gently caress her arm.  Or her neck. Do something to keep contact. 
But don't do anything aggressive."
   "You mean like this?" Rodger asked as he rubbed her arm.
   "No.  Not like that.  It's like you were patting a dog.  More like
this," she said as she lightly ran her fingers along his shoulder. 
"And if you touch her neck, only use your finger tips like this."
   Debbie gently stroked his neck under his ear with her fingers.  She
felt him shudder.
   "See what I mean?  Light and gentle.  But it feels good too.  You
don't have to be rough."
   "Yeah, I see what you mean.  Let me try it now."  Rodger move
slightly closer to Debbie and tried to do the same thing to her.
   "Hey, that's it.  But don't do it so fast.  Yeah, like that.  See it
isn't so hard to do."
   "I guess you're right.  But what do I do next?  I can't sit there
all night playing with her neck."
   "Why not?  If that's what Lou wants?  You could kiss her there if
she lets you."
   "You mean like this?" Rodger said as he lowered his mouth to her
neck.
   "Well almost.  Just let your lips brush across the skin.  Yeah,
that's it.  And you can use your tongue too."
   Rodger took long sweeps with his tongue up her neck.
   "No.  Not like that.  That feels like a dog licking someone.  Here,
let me show you."
   Debbie moved closer so she could reach his neck.  Her lips just
barely touch him.  Her tongue darted here and there, making light
stabbing motions.  Rodger again stiffened with the contact.  His
breathing became more rapid, as he leaned closer to her.
   Debbie stopped and move away.  Rodger hands shot out and grabbed
hold of her.  Realizing he had made a mistake, he dropped his hands to
his side and smiled at her sheepishly.
   "Sorry.  I kinda blew it that time, didn't I?"
   "Well, you have to expect some mistakes.  But I really think you're
improving.  You just have to start using your brain instead of your
balls."
   Rodger slowly raised his arms to her shoulders.  His fingers
caressed her arms.  He moved closer and lowered his mouth to her neck. 
Imitating what Debbie had done, he used his lips and tongue.  This time
it was Debbie who leaned closer.
   Rodger's hands moved slowly and gently around to Debbie's back, as
he drew her tighter against him.  He made certain his movements were
slow and gentle.  His mouth moved from her neck to her face.
   He kissed her cheeks, and then her nose.  He moved downward to brush
his lips across hers.  His tongue lightly caressed her lips, but made
no move to push inward.  Debbie's lips parted as her tongue slipped out
to meet his.  He gently closed his mouth upon her tongue, trapping it. 
His tongue flickered rapidly across hers.  One of Rodger's hands
dropped to her thigh, and lightly rested there.
   Rodger leaned back against the pole, and Debbie followed.  They
continued to kiss as she caressed his face.  One hand lightly stroked
her thigh, Rodger moved his other under her shirt and massaged her bare
back.  Lost in the pleasant feelings, Debbie unconsciously placed her
hand on his thigh.  Her hand closed on his covered shaft and caressed
it.
   At her touch, Rodger moved his hands to her breasts.  He pushed
forward, smashing his mouth hard against her. His hands grabbed the
firm flesh of her breasts and squeezed.  Debbie tried to break away
from him, but he continued to press forward, giving her no room.
   Breaking their kiss, and using both hands to push him away, she
yelled, "Stop that!  Rodger, don't!"


 -- Chapter Twenty-Three

   Rodger sat there with a stunned look on his face.  He looked at
Debbie, and then down at his hands.  He suddenly jumped up and ran to
the opened door.
   "Wait, Rodger.  You don't understand," Debbie called as she too got
up.  Rodger stood near the door, his back to her.  "Oh, I understand. 
I understand too well."
   Debbie moved around him.  She stood with her back to the opened
doorway, and look into his face.  The look of hatred on his face cause
her to step backwards.
   "You don't understand, Rodger.  You haven't understood a thing I've
said. Or what I've been trying to do."
   "Just let me out of here," he said as he tried to pass by her. 
Debbie blocked him, and reached behind him to close the door.  She
pushed him back into the center of the room.
   "You not going anywhere.  Look, maybe I made a mistake.  I guess it
is pretty confusing.  But I'm not trying to come on to you.  If I could
only make you understand."
   "Oh, you've done a good job of that.  I understand perfectly what
you're really trying to do."  Rodger moved away from her.
   "What do you mean by that?" she asked.
   "You're nothing but a fucking cock teaser.  You're not here to help
me.  You're here to get even.  You just want to get back at me for what
I did to Lou."
   "No, you've got it all wrong.  That's not why I'm here.  Really, all
I wanted to do was . . ."
   "Shut up!" he snapped at her.  "I know what you wanted.  You wanted
to get me hot.  So hot that I'd forget your Lou's best friend.  And
then you could go back to her and tell her what we did."
   "No!  That's not it at all.  I was just trying to show you . . ."
   "Or maybe you have the hots for me yourself."
   "No.  Please Rodger, let me explain."
   "Explain what?  How you want me?  How you can't keep your hands off
my cock?"  He undid his zipper and moved toward her.
   "Here, you wanna touch it again?  Comon, feel the real thing."  He
pulled his cock from his pants as he approached her.
   Debbie backed away from him until she was against the closed door. 
"Please Rodger, don't do this.  I didn't mean any of that.  I was only
. . ."
   Rodger grabbed one of her hands and pulled it to his shaft.  "Here,
doesn't it feel good?  Go ahead, jerk me off. Or would you rather suck
it, you fucking slut."
   Debbie screamed.  She tried to grab for his testicles, but this time
Rodger was prepared.  He grabbed her by the wrist and twisted.  As
Debbie bent to relieve the pressure on her arm, he slapped her hard
across the face.
   The blow would have knocked her against the door, except he still
grasped her wrist.
   Tears welled in her eyes as she started to scream again.  Rodger
balled his hand into a fist, and punched her hard in the stomach. 
Debbie froze, her mouth open, but no sound coming from it.
   Rodger smiled, and said, "Now that's better.  No one would hear you
out here, anyways.  But I hate all that noise.  So we won't do that
again, will we?"
   Debbie was too frightened to answer.  She tried to move sideways,
away from him.
   Rodger's hand shot out and grabbed her throat, knocking her head
against the door.  "I asked you a question, bitch.  When I ask you
something, you answer me, you hear?"
   "Yes.  No.  Please Rodger, you're hurting me."
   Rodger removed his hand from her neck and took a step back.  Debbie
took a deep breath.  The pain in her stomach seemed to burn.
   "Please Rodger.  Just let me go."
   Without warning, Rodger again punched her in the stomach.  The force
of the blow caused her to bounced off the door.  As she moved forward,
he hit her again.  Debbie bent over, clutching her stomach.  She fell
to her knees, gasping for air.
   "Let you go?  I wouldn't think of it.  You gonna show me what I need
to do to get Lou back.  You gonna show me how to suck and lick her tits
and cunt until she begs me to fuck the shit outta her.  Just like you
gonna do when we get through with you."
   Debbie could hardly breath.  Her stomach hurt so bad.  She wished
she had never agreed to meet him.  He was crazy.  Somehow she had to
get away from him.
   He reached down and grabbed a handful of her hair.  He jerked her
head up as he pushed his cock in her face.
   "Comon, show me how you lick it gently.  Show me how you use your
tongue and you lips to lightly tease it.  Comon slut. give me a
blowjob."
   Debbie tried to twist from his grasp.  But he simply yanked her
closer.  Her hand shot up to hit him between his legs.  Rodger, waiting
for just such an attempt, managed to deflect her blow.
   Debbie covered her face with her hands, expecting to be hit again. 
But nothing happened.  She risked a glance up at Rodger.  He stood
there smiling.
   "Now that wasn't very gentle.  Maybe you're the one who needs
lessons.  I guess I'll have to be the one who teaches you.  For your
first lesson, why don't you just stand up?"
   He grabbed her hair, and pulled her to her feet.  When she tried to
push away from him, he grabbed her arm and twisted it behind her.
   "We can play this little game all night, if you want.  But why don't
we make it a bit more interesting.  Why don't you take off your top?"
   "Please Rodger.  You're hurting me. let me go, please?"
   He twisted her arm higher, causing her to cry out in pain.  "How can
I let you go?  You've gotten me all excited.  You really don't want to
leave me like this do you?"  Again he yanked on her arm.
   "No.  Please Rodger.  I'll do what you want.  Only please stop
hurting me."
   "Damn right you will.  Now take that fucking top off.  Or I'll show
you what it's like if I was really trying to hurt you."
   "You're hurting my arm.  I can't take off my top if you don't let go
of my arm."
   "You wouldn't be thinking of trying anything funny, would you?" he
asked as he eased the pressure on her arm.
   "No.  Really.  Just let me go, and I'll take it off."
   Rodger released her arm, and pushed her to the center of the room. 
"Well don't just stand there.  Let's see those tits."
   "Give me a minute," she said, trying to stall.  "I can hardly move
my arm."
   Debbie franticly searched the room for some way out.  Rodger blocked
the door, and the only window was too small.  She looked for something
to fight him with.  Her eyes fell on the push broom.
   "If you don't start soon, I'll break your fucking arm," he snapped
at her.
   Debbie started to pull her shirt up, while moving closer to the
broom.  Rodger saw what she was intending, and moved to prevent her. 
Debbie flung herself at the broom
   Grabbing it by the handle, she swung wildly in Rodger's direction. 
The broom slammed into Rodger's shoulder, and he cried out in pain. 
Debbie ran towards the door, not daring to look back at Rodger.
   Her hands fumbled for the handle.  She managed to turn the knob and
pulled the door inward.  A hand shot past her face and slammed it shut.
   "You really shouldn't have done that," Rodger said in a low voice.
    Tears streaming down her face, Debbie pulled franticly on the door. 
She screamed, "Help.  Someone help me, please."
   Rodger grabbed her hair and spun her around to face him.  He held
the broom in one hand.  Once, twice, three tines he slapped her face.
   "Shut the fuck up.  I already told you no one can hear you."
   He reached into his back pocket and took out Snake.  He held it
against her cheek as he lightly depressed the button.  The slender
blade flashed out right in front of her eye.
   "I've had enough of your shit.  Open your fucking mouth again, and
I'll cut your fucking tongue out."
   Debbie was afraid to move.  "God, he is crazy," she thought.
  "Please Rodger.  I'm sorry.  I'll be good.  Just put that away.  I'll
be quiet, I promise."
   "Damn right you'll be good.  Now you can take that fucking top off,
or I'll cut the fucker off.  What will it be?"
   He pressed the point of the blade under her chin.  Debbie tried
raising her head, but he continued to press upward.
   "Please Rodger.  Don't hurt me any more.  I'll do it," she sobbed. 
She grabbed her shirt, and yanked it over her head.
   "The bra too.  Comon, or I'll do it for you," he said as he lowered
the blade to her chest.
   Debbie reached behind and undid the hooks.  She tried to cover her
breasts as her bra slid down her arms.
   Rodger pushed her arms away as he pressed the blade against her
stomach.  "God, they're beautiful," he mumbled as he reached out to
touch them.  He dug his fingers into her firm flesh.
   Debbie tried to pull his hand away but he simply pressed the knife
harder against her skin.
   "What's the matter?  I'm not gentle enough for you?" he chuckled. 
"You don't like the way I tease you?"
   "Please.  I'll do whatever you want.  But don't hurt me.  You want
me to suck you off, I'll do it.  Just don't hurt me any more."
   She could hardly see him through her tears.  Blood trickled from her
lips, and her jaw screamed in pain.  She blindly groped for his penis
as she tried to sink to her knees in front of him.
   "You'd really like that, wouldn't you, you little cock sucker?  But
right now, I wanna play with your tits.  I bet they taste real good."
   He buried his face in her chest.  His hands continued to squeeze her
flesh as his mouth tried to devour them.  Debbie squirmed under his
attack.  But the knife, pressing against her, made it impossible for
her to do anything but submit.
   He suddenly broke away from her.  The evil grin on his face made her
shudder.
   "Take those jeans off," he ordered.
   Debbie quickly did as she was told.
   "Comon, all of it.  Let's see that cunt."
   Debbie stepped out of her panties.  She stood there, unsure of what
he wanted next.
   "I can't see anything.  Spread your legs.  Wider.  Yeah, like that. 
Now spread that cunt."
   "Please Rodge.  Let me suck you off.  I'll do you real good."
   "Of course you will.  But right now I want you to tease me some
more.  Let's see you play with yourself.  Comon, stick your fingers up
your cunt."
   "Don't make me do this.  Please Rodger?"
   "Comon, you said before you have to tease.  Don't you want me nice
and hard, just ready to cum?"
   "I'll make you cum, I promise.  I'll even do you twice, if you want. 
Just let me do it.  We don't have to do stuff like this."
   "Either you start, or Snake will be more than happy to help you," he
threatened, moving closer to her.
   "No!" she cried out.  She jammed her hand in her vagina and started
masturbating.
   "Now be gentle.  You don't want to hurt yourself.  Remember, go
slow.  Tease."
   Debbie stood there, sobbing, as he watched her play with herself. 
"Please Rodger.  Don't make me do this."
   He laughed.  "Maybe you should go a little faster?" he suggested. 
Debbie tried to do what he said.
   Rodger was becoming bored.  "Think it's time we try something else. 
I feel like a party.  What about you?"
   Debbie looked at him, confused.  She was afraid to ask what he was
talking about.
   "Dale," Rodger called out.
   Dale came out of his hiding place, slowly.  Seeing him, Debbie
rushed to him.
   "Oh Dale.  Thank God you're here.  He's gone crazy.  You have to
help me, please."
   "He'd love to help you," Rodger said, laughing.  "Wouldn't you,
Dale?  Don't you just wanna help her play with her tits.  Help her fill
that big cunt of hers with your cock.  And maybe her mouth with your
cum."
   "I dunno, Rodge," Dale replied.  "Things seem to going a bit strange
here.  You never said anything about forcing her, or anything like
that."
   "Please Dale.  You have to help me get out of here," Debbie pleaded.
   "Who said anything about forcing her.  Debbie wants to do all those
things.  Don't you, bitch?" Rodger said as he moved to where they were
standing.
   "No, I don't.  I just want to get out of here.  Please Rodger.  I
won't say anything to anyone if you just let me go."
   "I can't let you go just yet.  You still haven't showed me
everything.  Besides, poor Dale here hasn't had a chance to appreciate
all your charms yet."
   Rodger reached out and grabbed one of her breasts.  He held it up to
Dale.
   "Here, isn't this what you wanted to bury your face in?" he taunted
Dale.  "Here go on, touch it."
   "Maybe she's right, Rodge.  Maybe we should just let her go."
   "Hey, I promised you that you'd have a good time tonight.  And I
always keep my promise."
   Rodger moved until he was behind Debbie.  He reached around and
started playing with her tits.
   "Comon, tell me you don't want to suck these babies."
   His hand moved down to her vagina.
   "Or how you don't want to ram your cock in this nice wet slit.  I
know.  You're just being shy.  Maybe Debbie should break the ice.  We
both know she's a great cock sucker."
   Rodger pushed her to her knees.  He pressed the knife against the
back of her neck.
   "Comon, let's show Dale how good you suck cock."
   "Please Dale, don't let him . . ."
   "Comon, Rodge.  She's right.  I don't think we should . . ."
   Rodger pressed on the blade until it punctured the skin.
   "I said you were gonna get a blow job, and you're gonna.  If I hear
another word from either of you, I'll cut her fucking head off.  Take
your fucking cock outta your pants now.  Or I might just slip and stick
this knife in harder."
   Debbie didn't dare move.  The blade burned in her neck.  Dale stared
at Rodger, not moving.
   Rodger pressed harder on the knife.  A fine line of blood trickled
down her shoulder, and dripped upon her breast.
   Debbie's hands went to Dale's belt.  She franticly tried to undo it. 
"Please help me," she begged.
   Dale was startled into movement.  He quickly undid his belt and then
his zipper.  Debbie pulled his pants and briefs down.  She buried her
face in his crotch and started sucking wildly on Dale's limp penis.
   Rodger moved to the side so he could watch Debbie better.  She
pumped furiously on the limp shaft as her mouth sucked hard on it's
tip.  Dale grimaced in discomfort.
   Rodger kicked out with his foot.  His heel caught Debbie in the
ribs, knocking her to the floor.
   "Gentle.  You forgot to be gentle," he said as he kicked her again. 
He laughed as he watched her try to crawl away.
   He allowed her to crawl to the center of the room.  Quickly, he
moved after her.  He reached down and caught her by her hair.  Jerking
her head up, he pressed the knife to her throat.
   "Hey, don't give up now.  You were making such good progress. 
Comon, try it again."
   He dragged her, across the floor, back to where Dale still stood. 
He leaned over and drew a cross on her back with the knife.  Thin lines
of blood appeared where the blade had been.
   "Gee.  Looks as if you got a strike against you.  If I was you, I
definitely wouldn't want to strike out.  Now I think you were showing
us how to be gentle?  How to tease, and make Dale so hot, he'll cum in
your mouth?"
   He shoved her head back into Dale's crotch.  Debbie resumed sucking
his cock.  This time she was more gentle.  Despite the situation, Dale
found himself reacting to the feel of her mouth and hands.
   Rodger seeing him harden, laughed.  "I told you she was good.  But
we don't want you cumming just yet.  Maybe you should play with her
tits a bit.  And her cunt, so she'll be nice and hot when you fuck
her."
   "Well, I'm not really in the mood," Dale said weakly.  "Maybe
another time.  Why don't we just . . ."
   Rodger again grabbed Debbie by the hair and pulled her to her feet. 
"Gee, I guess you don't really know that much after all.  All that talk
about how to get someone hot.  And you can't even turn on poor Dale
here.  It looks as if you just struck out."  Rodger started to draw
another cross on her back.
   Debbie let out a cry as the blade cut into her flesh.  She pulled
Dale's face to her chest.  "You wanna play, don't you?  Please?" she
begged.  "You like my tits don't you?  I want you to suck them.  Please
Dale, help me."
   "Well, maybe you're still in the game.  I'll just watch and see how
hot you can get him.  And when you show me you know what you're doing,
maybe, I'll let you do me, too."
   "Please Dale," she whispered, "do something.  Help me."
   Misunderstanding what she was trying to say, he started sucking her
nipples.  His hands reached down and grabbed her buttocks, pulling her
against him.  He rubbed his harden shaft against her.
   "I told you, you'd like her," Rodger said.
   Debbie was unable to see where he was.  It sounded as if he had
moved across the room.  Hoping it was safe, she again whispered to
Dale. "Please help me get out of here.  Somehow we have to get that
knife away from him.  Please Dale, help me."
   Dale could see Rodger moving to the other side of the shed.  He
moved his face upward until he was kissing her neck.
   "He'd kill me if I did anything like that," he whispered in her ear.
   "I'll do anything you want, just help me get away from here.  You
wanna fuck me?  I'll let you fuck me all you want after we get away
from here.  Please Dale?"
   They both stiffened as Rodger said, "You two make such a nice
couple.  Check out that cunt, Dale.  Is she wet yet?"
   "I dunno," Dale stammered in reply.
   "Shit.  Just shove a finger up her and find out.  Do I have to tell
you everything?" Rodger shot back.
   "I'm sorry, really I am," Dale whispered as he slid a finger in
Debbie's vagina.
   "Well?" Rodger demanded.
   "I . . . er . . . not really, Rodge.  Maybe we should stop, huh?"
   "Guess she doesn't think you're good enough for her.  Is that it? 
Dale's not good enough for a slut like you?" Rodger called to Debbie.
   "Sure he is," she replied.  "But he's only just started to play with
my pussy."  Debbie tried to see where Rodger was.  "Like I told you, a
girl doesn't get hot as fast as a guy.  But it feels good what he's
doing now."
   Debbie whispered to Dale, "Can you see where he is?  Could we make
it to the door?"
   "He's over on the other side.  He seems to be looking for something. 
But  you'd never have a chance to get to the door."
  Debbie reached down and grasped his shaft.  She lightly kissed his
ear as she whispered, "Anything you want.  I'll do it.  Just help me
get out of here."
   "I can't do that.  He'll kill us both if you try anything like
that."
   "Comon, there's two of us.  One of us could hold him while the other
tried to get the knife away from him.  I can't do it alone.  I need
your help."
   "I can't help you.  You don't know what he's like when he's mad."
   Debbie glanced toward the door.  She still couldn't see Rodger.  If
I could just get to the door before him, she thought.
   "You won't help me?" she asked Dale.
   "I can't, Debbie.  I'm sorry."
   "You fucking coward," she said as she pulled hard on his shaft and
brought her knee up hard against his crotch.  Dale screamed in pain as
he clutched his groin.  She turned and raced for the door.


 -- Chapter Twenty-Four

   As Debbie ran to the door, she saw Rodger out of the corner of her
eye.  She was closer to the door than him.  "I'm gonna make it," she
thought.  But before she could reach the door, something struck her
head from behind.
   The force of the blow caused her to stumble, and bang into the door,
head first.  She crumbled to the floor, defeated.  She glanced up to
see Rodger pick up the broom.
   He walked toward her, slowly.  He undid the handle of the broom and
threw the brush across the room.  He held his knife out before him as
he drew closer to where she lay.
   "Looks like you struck out, that time," he said softly.
   Debbie lay there, paralysed.  All she could see was the blade he
held out to her.  Her heart felt as if it would jump out of her throat.
   "Please Rodger.  Don't.  You can't really want to do that to me,"
she pleaded.  "I'll do whatever you want.  You want me to suck you off? 
I'll do it.  I'll do both of you.  But please put the knife away."
   "I dunno.  You said you'd do Dale and look at him.  Why should I
believe you?" he said as he touched her cheek with the blade.
   Debbie flinched at the contact.  She tried to move away, but she was
already pressed against the door.
   "Cut the fucking bitch," Dale called out. "She tried to break my
balls.  Comon, Rodge, cut her.  Cut her good."
   Rodger laughed as he watched Dale try to get up off the floor,
clutching his groin.
   "I thought you didn't like to play rough," he teased Dale.
   "Fuck, she tried to kill me.  Anyone knows you can kill a guy like
that, when he's got a hard-on."
   "Please," she pleaded.  "I'll do you both.  Just don't kill me. 
Give me another chance Rodger, and I'll do whatever you want me to."
   Debbie slowly moved her hands to his crotch.  She raised herself to
her knees and trying to avoid the knife, pressed her face against the
bulge in his pants.
   "I told you she'd beg us to let her take care of us, didn't I?"
Rodger asked Dale.  He reached out and gently stroked her hair. 
Encouraged by that, Debbie started to unbuckle Rodger's belt.
   "That's a good girl," he said.  "Remove it and hand it to me."
   Debbie looked up at him, confused.
   "Take my belt off, and hand it to me.  And hurry up, before I decide
to carve my initials in your forehead."
   Rodger pressed the point of the knife against her head.  Debbie
pulled the belt free and held it out to him.
   "Dale.  Get me that bag over by the pole.  Time to bring out the
toys."
   Debbie watched Dale hurry to where Rodger had indicated.  She
wondered why she hadn't notice the bag before.  And a chill ran through
her as she also wondered what Rodger meant by toys.
   Taking the bag from Dale, Rodger ordered her to stand.  He reached
out and gently ran his fingers across her breasts.  He placed his
fingers on her lips, forcing them apart.  He placed one finger deep in
her opened mouth and stared at her.
   Debbie wasn't exactly sure what to do.  She felt his finger lightly
scratch her tongue.  She closed her mouth gently on his finger, and
started to suck it.
   "Ah, now that's gentle.  Maybe you do know how.  But you've been
really bad.  I think you need to be punished, don't you?"
   Debbie tried to reply, but Rodger simply forced his finger deeper
down her throat.
   "Now you do have a choice.  I can simply slice your fucking tits
off, first.  Or you can accept your punishment."
   Debbie tried to say something.  Rodger removed his hand from her
mouth.  Before she could answer, he drew the knife lightly down one of
her breasts.  She stared at the thin red line it left in its wake. 
Tears came to her eyes, as the pain burned.
   "Please Rodger.  I said I'd do anything you wanted.  You want to
fuck me?  I'll let you.  I'll fuck both of you.  I'll suck one of you
off while the other fucks me.  Anything you want, Rodger.  Just don't
hurt me any more."
   "But you need to be punished.  And you want to be punished, don't
you?"  He ran the point of the blade around one of her nipples.
   "Yes!  Yes, anything.  Please, no more."
   "Good, I knew you'd want it.  Pick up the belt.  And kiss it.  Yeah,
like that.  Now take this sock and stick it in your mouth."
   Seeing her hesitate, he threatened her with the blade.  Debbie
stuffed the sock into her mouth.  Rodger took a roll of duct tape from
the bag.  He cut off a strip and placed it across her mouth.  Debbie's
eyes widened in fear.
   "Turn around," he ordered.  "And place your hands behind you.  Yeah,
that's it."
   He grabbed her wrists and wrapped them tightly together with the
tape.  Debbie struggled against the tape but couldn't free her hands. 
She felt his hands caress her buttocks and she froze.
   He turned her around to face him.  He again reached into the bag and
drew something out.  Debbie didn't recognize it immediately.  But when
he held it up in front of her, she saw that it was a dog's choker
chain.  Rodger slowly looped the chain through one of the metal rings.
   Debbie started to edge away from him. She wasn't sure what it was he
intended to do.  But she was sure she didn't want any part of it.
   "Stand still!" he ordered.  He reached out and grabbed her by her
hair.  He pulled her to him and forced the chain down over her head,
pulling it tight around her neck.
   Debbie struggled at first but soon realized that she was only
causing the chain to tighten.  As it cut into her neck, she gave up. 
Rodger pulled her toward the pole in the center of the room.  She had
no choice but to follow.
   He reached up into the rafters overhead, and pulled down a rope. 
Threading it through the other metal ring, he tied it.  The chain had
just enough slack around her neck not to choke her.  But she realized
if she tried to move at all, the chain cut into her skin.
   Rodger stood back and admired his handiwork.  He moved closer to her
and took one of her breasts into his mouth.  Debbie shrank from his
touch, but in doing so, the chain around her neck tightened.  She moved
to relax the tension on the chain, but ended up pressing her tits
against him.
   He bit down hard on her tit.  Debbie jumped back in pain.  The chain
again cut into her neck, cutting into her windpipe.  She struggled for
breath, as she again moved to ease the tightness of the chain.
   Rodger watched all this with an amused look on his face.  He went
and retrieved the broom handle.  Returning, he slammed it down on the
toes of her left foot.  Startled, she lifted her foot in pain.  As she
hopped on one foot, he swung the handle, slamming it against the ankle
of her right foot.
   Pain shot up her leg, as she was knocked off her feet completely. 
She dangled from the rope above, the chain digging deep into her neck,
cutting off her air.  Her legs flailed wildly, trying to gain purchase
beneath her. The room seemed to darken, as her lungs fought for air.
   She felt weak, once her feet were again firmly beneath her.  It took
all her strength to keep from sagging, but the biting chain forced her
to stand up straight.  Her breathing was laboured, as she stared at
Rodger in terror.
   "Now you know your limitations," Rodger said softly.  "And now we
can begin your punishment."
   He picked up his belt and handed it to Dale.
   "What am I suppose to do with this?" Dale asked.
   "Whip her with it.  Punish her," Rodger replied.
   "Gee, I dunno," Dale said.
   "You were the one who wanted me to cut her just a few minutes ago?  
You were the one she kicked in the balls.  I guess you like some bitch
beating the shit out of you, huh?"
   "Comon Rodge.  This is getting out of hand.  Okay, maybe I was
pissed before.  But don't you think we've hurt her enough.  Fuck, she
almost hung herself."
   "Whip the fucking bitch, or I will cut her fucking tits off," Rodger
snarled.  He whipped out his knife and made a slashing motion.
   "Christ Rodger.  You can't do that.  I'm getting the fuck out of
here."
   "And after I cut her tits off, I'll finish the job she started and
cut your balls off.  Now whip the cunt."
   Rodger swung the broom handle catching Dale across his back.  He
then turned and pressed the knife against Debbie's neck.
   "I'll kill the bitch.  And it'll be your fault.  Is that what you
want?" Rodger screamed at Dale.  "Do what I say, or she's dead.  And
then I'll kill you, too."
   "You're fucking crazy," Dale said as he stared wide-eyed at Rodger. 
He realized he had little choice but to do what Rodger demanded.  "Get
the fuck out of the way, unless you want me to whip you too."  Dale
grabbed the belt by the buckle and raised his arm to strike.
   Rodger smiled as if challenging him to try.  But he moved away
slowly.  Dale swung the belt, striking Debbie across her left arm.  She
tried to scream as the pain shot through her, but the gag in her mouth
muffled any sound she made.
   "Harder," Rodger said.  "Hit her tits."
   Dale again swung the belt, slashing her breasts.
   "Harder" Rodger said, so low, it was almost a whisper.  "And
faster."
   Dale glance sideways at Rodger.  Rodger stood as if in a daze.  Dale
raised the belt, and thought about striking Rodger instead.
   "Go on, try it.  If you think you can do more damage with that belt
than I can with the knife.  But you'll only get one chance to prove
it."
   Feeling frustrated, Dale swung the belt at Debbie.  He continued to
whip her until he thought his arm would fall off.
   "Now you're getting the hang of it.  Look at those welts.  God,
they're beautiful.  Here give me that belt.  And stand over there where
I can see you."
   Dale handed him the belt and moved back.  Rodger wrapped the free
end of the belt tightly around his hand.  He lashed out and caught
Debbie's breasts with the buckle.  Her body jerked in pain as the chain
around her neck tightened.
   "Christ, Rodger," Dale protested.  "Not with the buckle.  You're
cutting her to pieces."
   "Open your legs wider, slut," Rodger ordered Debbie.  He swung the
belt hard between her legs, causing her to raise up on her toes as the
belt slammed against her exposed vagina.
   "Comon Rodge.  That's enough.  Shit, she'll be in no shape to fuck
us if you keep that up," Dale said, trying to think of some way to get
him to stop beating the poor girl.
   "Ah, now you wanna fuck her?  I thought you were too chicken shit."
   "Hey you promised me I'd lose my charry tonight.  But if you keep
doing that, she ain't gonna have a cunt left for us to fuck."
   "Maybe you're right.  I'm so fucking hard.  If I don't get off soon,
I'll explode.  Wonder if she's been punished enough though.  What do
you think, slut?  Think you're ready to show us how sorry you are?"
   Debbie shook her head frantically in agreement.
   Rodger reached out, and pulled the tape from her mouth.  Debbie
winced as the tape ripped her skin.  He pulled out the now wet sock
from her mouth, and threw it on the floor.
   He leaned closer, and brushed his lips against hers.  His hands
grabbed her breasts, and kneaded them roughly.  Debbie involuntarily
moved away from him.  He squeezed her breasts harder, and pulled her
back to him.
   "Maybe you still need to be punished," he said, as he grabbed a
nipple and twisted.
   Debbie squirmed as the pain shot through her.  But at least it
wasn't as bad as the belt had been.
   "No!  Please Rodger, I'm really sorry.  Let me suck you, and I'll
show you just how sorry I am.  I'll fuck you too.  Please don't hurt me
any more.  I'll do whatever you want me to do. Please?"
   Rodger turned Dale.  "See, I told you she'd be begging us to fuck
the shit out of her.  All it takes to get sluts like her hot, is a
little roughing up."
   Turning back to Debbie, he again brushed his lips against her. 
"Show me," he said through parted lips.
   "Let me down from here, and I'll do you good, I promise, " Debbie
pleaded.
   "Not just yet.  First, you gotta show me there's a reason to," he
whispered as he ran his tongue over her lips.
   Debbie opened her mouth wide to take his tongue.  Rodger's tongue
retreated.  Debbie leaned forward until her mouth touched his.  She
sucked on his lips, her tongue licking teasingly.
   Rodger allowed her tongue to slip between his closed lips.  He bit
down hard on it as he again twisted the nipple captured between his
fingers.  His free hand reached behind her and pinched her buttocks.
   Debbie gasped as pain flooded her body.  But she knew if she stopped
kissing him, he would only hurt her more.  She smashed her mouth
against him.  Her body pressed against him, and she rubbed her vagina
against his thigh.
   Rodger moved back, forcing her to follow.  Debbie continued to press
against him, until the chain around her neck started to tighten. 
Rodger noticed her difficulty, and again moved away from her.  Debbie
hesitated.  If she tried to follow him she would choke herself.
   "Guess you really weren't as sorry as you thought," he chuckled. 
"Maybe you need the belt again."
   With the mention of the belt, Debbie threw herself against him,
ignoring the chain cutting into her windpipe.  She rubbed herself
against him shamelessly as she sucked hard on his mouth.  Unable to
breathe, she felt herself becoming light headed.
   "Hey, don't hog her all to yourself," Dale said, as he stepped
behind Debbie.  "I want some of this too."  He wrapped his arms around
her, his hands cupping her breasts gently, and pulled her to him.
   Gratefully, Debbie collapsed against him, as the chain loosened
around her neck.  She turned her head and kissed him.  He returned her
kiss timidly, his hands gently caressing her breasts.  Debbie twisted
in his arms until she faced him.
  She forced her tongue deep into his mouth as she pressed her body
against him.  She felt him harden in response, and tried to trap his
shaft between her thighs.
   Dale moved his hands to capture her breasts.  He caught one nipple
between his fingers and gently teased it.  Rodger was irritated by the
way Dale seemed to have taken over.  And the fucking slut really seemed
to like it, too.  He angrily reached up and untied the chain.  Pulling
the chain tight around her neck, he forced her to her knees.
   "Let's see how good you suck cocks, slut," Rodger growled as he
pushed her head against Dale's erect shaft.
   Debbie moved to take the throbbing rod in her mouth.
   "First show him how you're sorry you kicked him in the balls,
bitch," Rodger commanded as he jerked hard on the chain.
   Debbie winced as the chain again bit into her throat.  But she
didn't hesitate as she lowered her face, and gently licked Dale's
testicles.  Her tongue stroked the twin sacks.  Her lips gently
caressed the taunt skin.  She opened her lips wider to take one into
her mouth.  Gently, she sucked upon it as her tongue continued to tease
it.  She moved to take the other, as her face rested against his thigh.
   Again the chain cut into her, as Rodger said, "Okay, now suck his
cock."
   Debbie took the tip of Dale's shaft into her mouth.  She twirled her
tongue around the burning skin, as she sucked hard.  A hand pushed her
down on the shaft, until she felt it hitting against the back of her
throat.
   "Comon, suck it.  He's hot enough.  Just make him come," Rodger said
as he pushed her head back and forth.
   Debbie worked frantically, as her mouth moved up and down on Dale's
shaft.  Dale thrusted deep in her mouth, his hips moving in rhythm to
her movements.  She felt him falter, and then her mouth was flooded
with his hot fluids.  He thrusted harder as he tried to coax the last
bit of pleasure from her mouth.
   Debbie continue to suck on the shaft pistoning in and out of her
mouth.  She had to swallow often as spurt after spurt of hot cum shot
into her mouth.
   "My God," Dale moaned.  "She's swallowing it.  She's fucking
swallowing my cum."
  Rodger laughed.  "I told you she'd do it.  But you ain't seen nothing
yet.  Hurry up, will you?  I want a turn at that mouth."
   Reluctantly, Dale withdrew his now softening penis from her mouth. 
He reached down and gently caressed her cheek.  Debbie rubbed her face
against his hand, trying to thank him for being gentle.


 -- Chapter Twenty-Five

   "Now me, slut," Rodger said as he jerked the chain around her neck. 
Debbie scrambled to turn around.  She moved to capture Rodger's
enormous penis with her mouth.
   "First my balls, bitch.  Like you did him," Rodger ordered as he
pulled hard on the chain.
   Debbie lowered her mouth to his testicles.  She used her tongue to
wash them, and then took one into her mouth.
   "Both of them, suck them both," Rodger demanded, pulling the chain
tighter.
   She struggled to take both of them at the same time.  They were
large, and she wasn't successful.
   "I said both, damn it.  Do I have to tell you everything twice?" 
Rodger pulled the chain higher, causing Debbie to raise off her knees. 
She forced her mouth back to his balls.  Straining her mouth as wide as
she could, she again tried to swallow his testicles.  Finally, she
managed to take them both into her mouth.
   "That's it.  Now suck them.  And gently.  If you hurt me, you'll be
sorry."
   Debbie did as she was told.  Gently, she sucked on the large mass in
her mouth, her tongue gently licking the hairy skin.
   Rodger grabbed her hair and pushed her face from his balls. 
Grabbing his cock in one hand, he guided it to her mouth.
   "Now suck me off.  And you better do it good, too," he said, shoving
his shaft hard into her mouth.
   Debbie felt her mouth being stretched wide as he rammed his enormous
penis down her throat.  She thought she would gag on it, it was so big. 
Rodger grabbed her head and moved it up and down his cock.
   "Suck it, bitch.  Comon, show me how much you want it," Rodger
ordered as he thrusted deeper into her mouth.
   Debbie tried to match his movements.  Rodger continued to jerk the
chain as he said, "Harder.  Faster.  Suck it good, bitch."
   Debbie tried to relax her throat.  She never knew anyone as big as
he was.  And he seemed to get larger as he continued to pump against
her mouth.  She felt him stiffen and prepared herself for his climax.
   Instead of cumming in her mouth, Rodger pulled his cock out.  He
grabbed her hair with one hand, as his other wrapped around his
throbbing member.
   "Open your fucking mouth, bitch!  And stick out your tongue.  More! 
Stick it out more.  Yeah like that."
   Looking up into his face, Debbie watched as he turned red.  His eyes
squeezed closed, his teeth clenched tightly.  The muscles in his neck
were like steel cords as he pumped his cock madly.
   "Shit," he rasped between his clenched teeth,  Debbie watched his
testicles contract.  Like an explosion from the mouth of a cannon, the
first glob of his cum shot across the short space between them,
catching Debbie on the nose.
   Debbie watched his hand move faster up and down his shaft, as spurt
after spurt of hot cum continued to fly at her.  She tried to catch
each spurt in her mouth.  Some hit her nose and cheeks.  Others flew
into her waiting mouth.  She had never known anyone to have so much
cum.
   Rodger pulled her face closer, once again jamming his cock into her
mouth.  He pressed his shaft further into her mouth, until her nose was
pressed tight against his stomach.  Grabbing her head with both hands,
he continued to pump deep in her mouth.
   "Suck me, baby.  Deep throat me.  God, your mouth feels good,"
Rodger moaned as his movements finally slowed.  Debbie felt like a
tossed doll as he continued to slam her head back and forth.  He, at
last, pulled her face from his crotch.
   She was amazed to see him still fully erect.  Every other guy she
had known usually lost their erections after she had finished sucking
them off.  But Rodger looked like he was ready to go again.
   Rodger lifted her chin so she stared up into his face.  His eyes
were glazed and distant.  Debbie shuddered when she saw his mouth break
into an evil smile.  He reached out and smeared the globs of cum on her
face.  He worked it up and over her eyes.  He spread it across her
cheeks and even up into her nostrils.
   She could feel it tighten on her skin as it quickly dried.  She felt
dirty, soiled, but didn't dare try to turn her face away from him. 
Rodger wiped his hands on her hair.  He grabbed a handful, and used it
to wipe his cock clean.
   "Not bad," he said.  "Next time, use a little more tongue.  And suck
harder.  But like I said, not bad."
   "Guess we can let her go now, can't we, Rodger?" Dale said.  "She
sucked us off good, just like you said she would."
   "Let her go?  Are you fucking crazy?" Rodger replied.  "Fuck no!  We
ain't got you laid yet."
   "Gee, I dunno, Rodge.  She sucked me dry.  I don't think I'll be
able to get it up for at least a week.  Why don't we just let her go."
   "Don't worry.  I'm sure Debbie would be more than happy to get you
hard again.  Wouldn't you, Debbie?" Rodger said as he reached for the
chain hanging loosely from her neck.
   Debbie scrambled away from him.  "Yes.  Yes, I wanna to suck him
again," she said as she crawled on her knees to Dale.  Anything, just
as long as he doesn't hurt me again, she thought.
   Rodger laughed watching her try to capture Dale's limp prick in her
mouth.  "I told you she loved to suck cocks.  But let's do this right,"
he said grabbing the chain, and pulling Debbie away.  "Lie down on the
floor," he said to Dale.  "And you kneel between his legs," he told
Debbie.
   Dale laid down, and Debbie crawled in between his spread legs. 
Rodger pushed her head down into Dale's crotch.
   "Now, let's see how fast you can get him up.  If you take too long,
I may have to use the belt on this sweet ass," Rodger said as he ran
his hand over her buttocks.
   Debbie took Dale's limp penis in her mouth and started sucking it. 
Her tongue licked the salty tasting tip, and she gently raked his shaft
with her teeth.  She heard Rodger move away from them, and felt herself
relax a bit.  She knew that somehow she had to get Dale hard again. 
She didn't even think about what Rodger would do to her, if she didn't.
   She was concentrating hard on reviving the limp penis in her mouth. 
She didn't realize that Rodger had returned until she felt his hand on
her buttocks.
   "God, you've got a fucking beautiful ass," he whispered as he
stroked her firm skin.  His fingers massaged her buttocks, every once
in awhile pinching the tender bottom.  The resultant pain caused her to
squirmed, but she didn't stop her sucking.
   Rodger started slapping her, each blow landing just a little harder
than the last one.  Debbie, her mouth stuffed with Dale's slowly
hardening penis, whimpered in pain.  Rodger moved his slaps lower,
catching her tender upper thighs.  Debbie tried to avoid the pain by
opening her legs wider.
   This only excited Rodger more.  Now he could pinched the tender skin
of her inner thighs hard between slaps.  His other hand went to her
vagina, spreading it wide.  His fingers poked and probed her hole.
   Despite the pain and discomfort, Debbie found herself responding to
his touch.  She felt shame as her vagina grew moist.  "He's gonna rape
the shit out of me in a minute.  And here I'm getting all excited," she
thought, horrified.
   "All this gentle shit is turning you on, ain't it?" Rodger chuckled. 
"I knew you'd like it rough.  Now, how you doing with Dale?"
   "She's got me hard again.  But I don't think I can cum," Dale said
quickly.
   "Don't worry about that," Rodger said.  "Once your cock is buried in
her hot cunt, you'll have all you can do not to cum.  But I still have
something I wanna do first.  So you just lie there, and enjoy the
slut's mouth for another couple of minutes."
   Rodger stood over Debbie, and grabbed her arms.  She started to
straighten up, allowing Dale's penis to fall from her mouth.
   "Get your fucking mouth back on that cock, bitch," Rodger said as he
pushed her face back in Dale's crotch.
   She felt him loop a rope around her arms just above the elbows,
forcing her arms together.  The pain it caused in her shoulders was
unbearable.  She cried out in pain.
   "What the fuck are you doing to her?" Dale asked.
   "Don't worry.  I'm not doing anything that will kill her.  Not just
yet," he added with a chuckle.  "Just want to wrap her up bit.  Kinda
like a present.  Yeah, that's it.  A present."
   He pulled the two ends of the rope through the ring on the chain
around her neck.  He then looped the rope around her bound wrists.  He
pulled the rope tight, causing the chain to tighten around her neck.
   Taking one of the rope ends, he looped it around her ankle, and then
under the bottom of her foot.  He tied it with a double knot so it
wouldn't come loose.  He did the same with the other end to her other
ankle and foot.  He then adjusted the rope, removing any slack, and
knotted it again.
   Debbie quickly realized she couldn't stand or lie out straight.  If
she tried to easy the pressure on her arms or straighten her legs, the
chain bit into her neck.  The muscles in her stomach and thighs
screamed as she tried to balance herself.  If she tucked her knees
under her, she was able to ease the pull against the chain.
   Stepping back to admire his handiwork, he compared Debbie's bound
form to his memory of his favorite picture.  He wished he had a bar to
force her legs wider apart.  And some nipple clamps.  But considering
the short notice, he was happy with what he had worked out.
   He bent over and picked up the broom handle.  He rubbed it against
her inner thighs and enjoyed the way her ass wiggled at its touch. 
"Get that ass up high.  Higher," he ordered as he slapped the handle up
between her legs, striking her vagina.
   Debbie raised her buttocks as high as she could.  In this position,
her face pressed hard against Dale's groin.
   The handle again smashed into her exposed vagina, as Rodger said,
"Comon, move that mouth on that cock.  No one said you could take a
break."
   Debbie moved her head rapidly up and down.  Anything to avoid being
hit again between her legs.  The chain tightened and released around
her neck as her head moved.  Her legs hurt.  Her arms were becoming
numb as the rope cut off her circulation.  And her knees ached from
kneeling on the hard floor.
   "Let's see if she's ready yet," Rodger said as he knelt behind her. 
He ran his fingers alone her vagina.  "Shit, you're dry as hell.  Guess
we'll just have to prime the pump a bit," he said with vicious chuckle.
   He located her clitoris with his fingers.  He rubbed it lightly.  He
caught it between his finger tips, and moved it back and forth.  His
other hand teased her opening until at last he again felt her getting
moist.
   "Now, that's more like it.  Maybe you just need a little more
priming."  Rodger picked up the handle and placed the tip against her
opening.  Slowly he pushed it in as his fingers continue to play with
her enlarged clit.
   Debbie lifted her head to protest when she felt the cold wood
against her.  Instead, she screamed as the handle was pushed deeper
between her legs.  A hot searing pain shot through her groin as she
felt something tear.  She tried to pull away from the probing handle,
but only tightened the chain around her neck.
   Rodger jammed the handle in deeper as he pulled hard on the rope
above her elbows.  The chain around her throat tightened.
   "Get back on that cock, bitch," he snarled.
   Tears filled her eyes, as Debbie pleaded, "Take it out.  Please
Rodger, it hurts so bad.  Please take it out."
   Intending to hit her with it, Rodger pulled the handle from her
vagina.  He saw traces of blood on the end.  "Fucking cunt's a virgin,"
he thought.  The fact that she hadn't told him that, angered him even
more.  He stood and brought the handle down hard, striking her hip.
   The force of the blow knocked her sideways.  She sprawled on her
back, her legs twisting, causing the ropes to be pulled taunt.  The
chain cut into her neck, breaking the skin.  She tried to turn on her
side so she could pull her legs up.
   Rodger speared her vagina with the handle, pinning her.  He watched
as she struggled to breathe.  He kicked her legs under her, and pressed
the handle further in her vagina.
   "Fuck it bitch.  Let's see you move those hips," he said as he
pulled the handle part way out.
   Debbie arched her back as she moved her feet tight against her
buttocks.  Lifting her head, she was able to pull the rope so it
allowed some slack in the chain.  Again she was able to breathe.
   Looking up at Rodger in terror, she pleaded, "Please don't.  It
hurts.  It hurts real bad."
   "You should have told me you were still a fucking cherry.  I could
have been your first.  You fucking lied to me."
   "I didn't lie to you.  Really I didn't.  You never asked me.  Please
Rodger, no more.  I can't . . ."
   "Shut the fuck up, you fucking slut," he screamed at her.  "You
begged me to fuck you.  Virgins don't do stuff like that.  You made me
believe you'd done this before.  You knew I was gonna have Dale fuck
you first.  You did it to spite me, so I wouldn't get your cherry."
   He yanked the handle from between her legs, and started beating her
with it.  Debbie rolled over on to her side and tried to roll into a
ball.  The handle slammed down on her again and again.
   "Stop it Rodger.  You gonna kill her,"  Dale called out as he tried
to get to his feet.
   Rodger turned, and swung the handle at Dale.  It caught him across
the back, knocking him to the floor.
   "So you want to fuck Dale, do you?  Okay.  Get over there," Rodger
said.  He prodded her with the handle until she scrambled to where Dale
lay.  "Climb on that cock, and fuck him," Rodger ordered, striking her
legs.
   Debbie rolled herself on top of Dale.  She straddled his hips. 
Bending low at the waist so as not pull too hard on the rope, she
managed to position herself over his penis.  Dale's penis had lost it's
hardness, and laid lifeless beneath her.  She rubbed her vagina against
it, hoping to revive it.
  "I said fuck him, bitch," Rodger screamed as he struck her buttocks
with the handle.
   Debbie lurched forward with the blow.  The chain cut into her neck
as she struggled desperately to right herself.
   "Please," she pleaded with Dale.  "Help me.  Please.  Stick it in."
   Dale took his limp penis in his hand and tried to stuff it into her
opening.
   "Yes.  Yes, that's it," she sobbed as she felt his penis enter her
hurting vagina.  She spread her legs wider, trying to make the entry as
easy as possible.
   Again the handle slammed against her buttocks.  She fell forward, as
Dale's penis slipped out.
   "I said fuck him, bitch.  Or would you rather fuck my knife?" Rodger
said, in a cold voice.
   Debbie again straightened.  Her eyes pleaded with Dale to help.  He
grabbed his penis, and shoved it back in her vagina.  He held it there
as he lifted his hips.  With a look of gratitude, Debbie started to
raise and lowered her hips.  Her efforts were rewarded as she felt his
penis stiffen.
   Tears streaming down her face, Debbie continue to ride Dale's shaft. 
Each thrust in her, caused a searing pain.  Her throat burned from
where the chain had cut into her skin.
   Her arms and legs screamed in protest from abuse.  Her hip was also
starting to hurt pretty bad where Rodger had beaten her with the broom
handle.  And she felt a stabbing pain in her side, every time she tried
to take a deep breath.
   Nothing could be worse than what Rodger had already done to her. 
But she didn't dare stop.  She knew now that he really was crazy.  She
hoped he wouldn't kill her.  But she was afraid if she upset him any
more, he would.
   Dale saw the fear and pain reflected in Debbie's face.  He wished
there was something he could do to help her.  Something he could to
stop Rodger.  He wished he wasn't such a coward.  But he knew he was no
match for Rodger.
   Dale reached up, and wiped the tears from Debbie's face.  He lifted
his head, and gently kissed her.  She rested her head on his, trying to
reduce the strain on her back and legs.  Dale moved his hands to
support her torso, to help some.


 -- Chapter Twenty-Six

   "Now isn't this a pretty picture.  The two virgins sharing their
first fuck," Rodger said with wicked laugh.  He moved behind Debbie and
knelt, straddling Dale's legs.  "Everyone's having a good time but me. 
Think it's time for me to join the party."
   He ran his hands over her buttocks.  His fingers ran along crack
between her nether cheeks.  He moved closer, and allowed his shaft to
bump against her.
   Debbie shuddered at his touch.  But impaled on Dale's penis, she was
unable to move away from him.  When his finger brushed her rectum, she
cried out, "Please Rodger, don't."
   "Don't?  Don't what, bitch," he growled in response as he pulled
hard on the rope running down her back.
   Her head was jerked back as the chain tighten, forcing her down hard
on Dale's shaft.  She tried to scream as pain racked her body, but she
couldn't draw a breath.
   Rodger laughed as he watched her struggle against the chain.  Still
pulling on the chain, he forced a finger into her anal canal.  Debbie
bucked wildly, trying to dislodge his finger.
   "Well, lookie here.  Looks like I found somewhere you're still
cherry," Rodger said as he cruelly forced a second finger into the
small opening.
   It felt as if someone was forcing a burning rod into her rectum. 
She thought she was going to pass out.  And prayed that she would. 
Rodger was intent on watching his fingers move in and out of her ass. 
He relaxed his hold on the rope, allowing Debbie to breath again.
   "Please," she gasped.  "Please Rodger."
   "Don't worry, bitch.  You don't have to beg me to fuck this tight
ass.  I've been waiting a long time to do just that."  With that he
forced a third finger up her rectum.
   "No!  Please Rodger.  It hurts," Debbie cried out.
   "No?  You don't want my cock up your fucking ass?  Would you rather
I shoved the fucking handle in there instead?  Maybe I can push it
right through to your fucking mouth.  Or maybe I'll just slice it open
wider with my knife.  What do you think?"
   Debbie felt the point of his knife dig into her buttocks.  His
fingers continued to ream her rectum.  She tried to scramble away from
him, but the knife just cut deeper into her.  She could feel something
warm running down her leg.  The pain was more than she could take.
   "God, it hurts," she cried out.  "Please take it out, Rodger.  I'll
do anything.  Don't kill me, please."
   He twisted the blade in her, as he asked, "You want me to fuck your
ass, don't you?"
   "Yes!  Yes!  Fuck my ass.  Anything, but the knife."
   She felt the knife being pulled from her flesh.  She collapsed on
Dale beneath her.  But her respite was short lived as Rodger placed the
tip of his cock against her anus.
   Her sphincter muscles contracted in protest as he forced his cock
into the tiny opening.  She could feel her insides tear before his
onslaught.  She could feel both shafts push against the thin wall
separating her vaginal and rectal canals.
   "God, she's tight," Rodger thought.  He withdrew his cock only to
shove it in deeper.  He continued to ram it in until he could go no
further.  At last he was living his fantasy.
   Rodger's penetration of her ass had caused her to lift her hips
higher.  In doing so, Dale's penis slipped out.  Dale lay there, too
afraid to move.  He hadn't come, but he didn't care.  He just wanted to
get away from here.
   Debbie was lost in the pain.  Only the knife had caused more pain
then she was feeling right now.  She didn't dare move, for the
slightest movement sent waves of molten hot pain throughout her body.
   Rodger noticed her stillness.  Anger flared in him.  Who the hell
did she think she was, making him do all the work.  She was the slave. 
She should be fucking him, not the other way around.  He sat back,
pulling all but the very tip of his cock from her ass.
   "What's the matter?  Too tired to fuck?" he asked her.  "Maybe you
need some help," he said as he stuck the tip of the knife into the soft
skin just above her hip.
   Debbie cried out in pain.  She pushed back against his cock.
   "That's better.  But I don't hear you begging for it any more."  He
pushed the knife in a little deeper.
   "Fuck me, please fuck me," she pleaded.
   "Fuck your ass, bitch," he corrected, giving the blade a slight
turn.
   The fear, pain and degradation was more than her mind could take. 
Her conscious mind shut down, blocking out the brutality being
inflicted on her body.  She shoved her ass hard upon his cock as she
softly whispered, "Fuck my ass, please fuck my ass, please fuck my ass,
please . . ."
   Her body movements became more rapid, as the volume of her voice
increased.  Rodger was forced to hold on her hips to prevent being
knocked over backward.  Debbie rocked back and forth, his cock entering
her fully with a single stroke.
   Rodger was lost in the sensation.  He never imagined it would be
this good.  Her ass was so tight, his cock tingled with the friction. 
He felt as if his whole body was about to explode with pleasure.
   He felt the pressure building up within him.  And he knew he
wouldn't be able to last much more.  He wanted so much to come into her
ass.  He wanted to fill her ass up with his hot cum, and watch as it
flowed back out.
   But that wasn't part of the fantasy.  And he had worked too hard,
getting everything just right, to fuck it up now.  Reluctantly he
pulled his throbbing cock from her ass.  Mindlessly, Debbie continued
to slam herself upon a cock that wasn't there.
   Rodger reached up and grabbed the chain around her neck.  He pulled
her around until her face was inches from his blood and feces covered
cock.  "Lick it," he ordered.
   Without hesitation, Debbie pressed her lips against his shaft.  Her
tongue licked it from tip to base.  
   Shit, Rodger swore.  Her tongue was driving him crazy.  He felt as
if he would cum any minute yet.  But she wasn't done licking his cock
clean.  He reached down and squeezed his balls hard.  The pain dampened
his passion.
   He allowed her to finish her task.  Once his cock was clean enough,
he pulled her face away.  He felt a stab of pure pleasure, deep in his
balls, as he gaze upon her face.  Her lips and checks were smeared with
blood and shit.
   "Very good," he said.  "Now suck it.  And suck it hard."
   He shoved his cock deep in her mouth.  Grabbing her head, he moved
it back and forth, driving his cock down her throat.
   "Suck it good, slut.  Show me how sorry you are," he groaned.
   Debbie started rocking on her knees again, like she did when he was
reaming her ass.  Her eyes were vacant, and dry.  Her movements purely
reflexive.
   She no longer felt the chain tighten around her neck, each time she
stretched forward to take his entire length in her mouth.  She no
longer felt the burning pain in her rectum.  She was no longer Debbie. 
Just a mindless thing to be ordered about, and used.
   Rodger felt his cum rise within him.  He knew he was supposed to
pull out of her mouth at the last moment.  And cum all over her face
like he had earlier.  But the pleasure was too much.  He couldn't stop
now.
   It had never felt this good.  Not with any of the other sluts he had
forced to suck him off.  Not even when he fantasized with his magazine. 
He let out a low moan, as his cum, like liquid fire, shot into the
depths of her beautiful mouth.
   No longer satisfied with Debbie's efforts, he grabbed her head, and
slammed his cock repeatedly into the back of her mouth.  Spurt, after
spurt of hot cum exploded from his cock.  And each time it did,
pleasure, like he had never known before, tore through him, leaving him
gasping for breath.
   Finally spent, he pushed her away.  His hand gently caressed his
softening shaft as he watched Debbie's mouth continue to make sucking
motions.  He grabbed a handful of her hair, and pulled her head closer. 
He wiped his hands in her hair.  And then, slowly, he wiped his cock,
the silky texture of her hair sending small aftershocks down his cock
to his balls.
   Rodger smiled down at the still body.  "Not bad, slut.  Not bad at
all."  He reached for her tit, and pinched it hard.  He was
disappointed by the lack of response.  "But you'll be a lot better next
time."
   "Next time?" Dale said.  He had managed to crawl out from under,
when Rodger had forced Debbie to suck his cock.  "Next time?  You're
fucking crazy.  You almost killed her.  Shit, when they find out what
we did to her.  What you did to her!  They'll lock us up and throw away
the key."
   "And who's gonna tell them?" Rodger asked as he got to his feet.
   "Who's gonna tell them?  You think Debbie enjoyed it so much, that
she'd keep it a secret?"
   "She won't say a word.  She knows what will happen to her if she
did.  No, I can't think of anyone who'd be stupid enough to open their
mouth about what happened here tonight.  No one except you."
   Dale backed way.  "I wouldn't say anything.  I ain't that stupid."
   "Good," Rodger replied.  "Because, you're in this as deep as I am. 
She sucked you off first.  And your's was the first cock up her cunt. 
And when they come for me, you can bet your sweet ass, you'll be right
there with me."
   Rodger had moved until he stood in front of Dale.  He fixed his
clothes as he stared intently at the frightened boy.  His hand flashed
out, and caught Dale by the balls.
   "And I promise you this.  If I ever find out it was you who
squealed, I tear your fucking cock off at the root.  Even if I have to
do with my teeth."
   He squeezed hard.  Dale screamed in pain.  He tried to tear Rodger's
hand from his groin, but only made it worse.  He turned his head, and
threw up.  Rodger released his grasp, and laughed as Dale fell to the
floor, clutching his testicles.
   "Get dressed, and help me clean up in here," Rodger ordered as he
went to where Debbie lay.
   He used his knife to cut the ropes from her body.  He removed the
chain from around her neck, and the tape from around her wrists.  All
the time, she lay there, lifeless.  He jammed his hand into her vagina,
and smiled as her body twitched.
   "Looks like you're still with us, slut.  Good!  Just remember.  If
you say a word to anyone, I'll kill you.  And it won't be quick,
either.  First, I'll cut off your tits, and make you eat them piece by
piece.  And then, I'll cut you from your cunt to your ass, so you'll
have one big hole to fuck."
   He again jammed his hand in her cunt.  "Do you hear me, bitch?" he
shouted.
   "Please, no more.  No more," she whimpered.
   Rodger laughed.  "Good girl.  I knew you'd be lots of fun.  Can't
wait until we do this again."
   The two boys quickly gathered up the stuff Rodger had brought.  When
Rodger started to leave, Dale protested, "We can't leave her here like
that."
   "You wanna be around when they see her like that?" Rodger asked,
with a chuckle.  "Don't worry.  She'll be fine in a while.  She can
find her own way home.  Comon, get you ass moving."
   Reluctantly, Dale followed Rodger out of the shed.  He glanced back
to look at Debbie.  "My God," he thought.  "What have I gotten myself
into?"
   As the two boys walked home, Rodger couldn't remember the last time
he had felt this good.  He was flying high on the feelings he had just
experienced.  He still had a hard time believing everything went so
perfectly.
   After warning Dale again what would happen if he should mention
anything to anyone, Rodger went home.  When he arrived home, his mother
was busy ironing his father's shirts.  The old man was knocking back
beer as he watched something on TV. 
   Rodger mumbled something about being tired, and went to his room. 
He grabbed the magazine from its hiding place and opened it to the
picture.  His mind compared the printed image with the mental one from
that evening.  He tossed the magazine into the wastepaper basket.  He
didn't need shit like that any more.  No sir.  He had the real thing
now.  Even now, he could feel himself harden remembering.
   He still didn't believe the electrifying pleasure he had experienced
as he fucked her tight ass.  And when she sucked his shit covered cock. 
But the best part was the absolute fear he had seen in her face.  And
the sense of absolute power he had felt.  She had done anything he
wanted.  She had begged him to do it.
   "Next time," he thought, "she'll know I don't fuck around, and
she'll try even harder.  And next time, it will be just her and me. 
That fucking fag, Dale nearly screwed everything up tonight.
   But next time, it will be just the two of us.  But I have to do it
right this time.  I have to figure out a way to make that bar for her
legs.  And maybe I could use a couple of those big metal clips on her
nipples."
   As he imagined Debbie helpless, he jerked off.  He played the
evening over in his mind, taking note of things that needed to be
changed or improved for the next time.  He wondered where he could get
a riding crop.  And he'd have to stop at the hardware store.  He needed
lots of chains to make everything perfect.


 -- Chapter Twenty-Seven

   Thomas had left home extra early, so he could be sure he didn't miss
the girls on their way to school.  It was for that reason, he was
surprised to see Louanne already waiting for him at her corner.  As he
drew closer, he could tell she had been crying.
   "Are you okay?" he asked, once he reached her.
   "Oh Tommy," she sobbed, as she threw her arms around him.
   "What's wrong, Lou?"
   "It's Debbie."
   "Debbie?  What wrong with Debbie?"
   "She's . . . she's . . ."  Louanne started crying, and was unable to
say anything else.
   "Let's get you home," Thomas suggested, as he led her back to her
house.
   Mrs. Raster met them at the door, still dressed in her housecoat. 
"Poor baby," she said, taking Louanne into her arms.  She turned and
led her into the house.
   Thomas stood there, uncertain what to do until Mrs, Raster called
for him to come in.
   He followed them into the living room, still wondering what was
going on.
   "Please sit down, Thomas," Mrs. Raster said.  "I have some bad news
for you about Debbie."
   "And it's all my fault," Louanne cried.
   "It's not your fault.  You had nothing to do with it," her step-
mother said.
   "It is my fault.  If I hadn't been failing history, Tommy wouldn't
have been tutoring me last night.  He would have been with her instead. 
And it would never have happened."
   Louanne started to cry hysterically.  Her step-mother asked Thomas
to wait until she could put Louanne to bed.  Thomas watched them go
upstairs.  He wondered what was going on.  Obviously something terrible
had happened to Debbie.  But what?  What wouldn't have happened if he
had been with Debbie last night?
   Mrs. Raster returned to the living room a few minutes later.  "I
gave her something to help her sleep.  She'll be better after she gets
some rest."
   "If there's anything I can do?" Thomas asked.
   "I hope you're strong," Mrs. Raster said, rather cryptically.
   "Well, I do lift weights," Thomas answered, not quite understanding
what his strength had to do with anything.
   Mrs. Raster smiled weakly.  "That's not quite what I meant.  Louanne
tells me you and Debbie have been seeing each other?  Kind of going out
together?"
   "Well, we only went out once.  But I see her every day at school and
stuff like that.  She kinda got grounded, and I've been busy at night
tutoring Louanne."
   "Yes, I know.  You really like her, don't you?"
   "I guess I do.  I know you probably think we're too young for stuff
like this.  But I love her very much.  And I think she loves me, too."
   Thomas saw tears in Mrs. Raster's eyes.  For a moment, he was
frightened she would start crying like Louanne had.
   "No.  I don't think you two are too young for love," she said,
sadly.  "It will just make this all the more painful."
   "What?  Please tell me what's going on.  Is Debbie okay?  Where is
she?" he asked, feeling fear grow in his heart.
   "This is going to be difficult enough.  Please try to remain calm,
Thomas."
   "I will.  But please tell me what's happened to Debbie.  Please!"
   "Sometime last night, someone attacked her.  They beat her terribly. 
And worse, it appears they raped her."
   Thomas let out a cry, "No!"  He jumped up, and ran to the door.
   Mrs. Raster was right behind him.  Before he could get the door
open, she took him in her arms.  Holding him tightly, she led him back
to the living room.
   "Now Thomas, running away won't help.  Try to calm down, and I'll
tell you all I know about what happened." she said, soothingly.
   He wanted to say he hadn't been running away.  He had been running
to Debbie.  Only he didn't know where she was.
   "Debbie's father called here around 10 last night, quite frantic. 
Seems Debbie had gone out after supper and still hadn't come home.  He
asked if Louanne might know where Debbie had gone.  Or, if Louanne knew
if she was seeing some boy."
   Thomas stiffened at that.  Sensing his tension, Mrs. Raster said,
"Don't worry.  Louanne didn't say anything about you.  Not then anyway. 
She told me later, but I haven't told anyone either."
   Thomas relaxed as Mrs. Raster continued.
   "I offered to go out and look for her.  But he said something about
it not be necessary, and hung up.  Worried, I called him back just
before I went up to bed.  I was surprised, and very worried, when a
policeman answered the phone."
   "He wouldn't give me any information.  All he would say was that
Bert, that's Debbie's father, couldn't come to the phone.  Frightened,
I grabbed my coat and ran over to his house."
   "Bert wasn't home.  There was this young police officer.  At first,
he refused to say anything.  But when I told him I was a close personal
friend of the family, and how Bert had called me earlier worried about
Debbie, he finally admitted that Debbie was in the hospital.  He said
that someone had attacked her."
   "I must have become hysterical.  The next thing I remember is
sitting on the couch in their living room, and the young officer
holding a box of kleenex out to me.  I begged the officer to tell me
what had happened.  He was reluctant at first, but after considerable
pleading on my part, he relented."
   "He told me how someone had found her wandering around naked.  She
seemed dazed, and kept muttering, 'Please no more' over and over again. 
She was covered with bruises and was bleeding from several cuts.  The
good person who found her, rushed her to the Hospital."
   "Bert had already called the hospital and the police to report
Debbie missing.  So when she was admitted to the emergency room, they
immediately recognized her from the description her father had given.
He couldn't tell me anything about her condition.  He was simply
watching the house, while Bert was at the hospital".
   "Something about him being there, in case whoever attacked her came
back there looking for her.  I had regained my composure by then, and
thanked him for the information.  I hurried home."
   "I have several friends who work at the hospital.  I called one of
them as soon as I got home to see if he could tell me more about
Debbie's condition.  He told me that they had her sedated.  And that
she would, eventually, be okay physically.  But the doctors were more
concerned about her mental health."
   "I asked him to let me know any further developments, and if I could
be of any help.  As I hung up, I saw Louanne behind me.  She was as
pale as a ghost.  It was then I realized, in shock, I must have
repeated some of what my friend had said.  And Louanne had heard."
   "I spent the better part of the night trying to calm Louanne down. 
And I tried to get her to stay in bed this morning.  But she insisted
that she had to be there, in case you came by."
   Thomas sat there, his body trembling.  He fought a losing battle,
trying to keep from crying.  Tears welled up in his eyes, blurring the
room before him.
   "Go ahead and cry," Mrs. Raster said softly, as she held him.  He
broke down and cried uncontrollably.  She stroked his hair lightly, as
she said, "Sometimes that's the only way to let the pain out."
   He didn't know how long he sat there, his head pressed against her
shoulder.  He had never cried that hard before in his life.  He had
never felt so much pain in his heart.  He fought to control his tears. 
He broke from her gentle arms and jumped up.
   "I have to go.  I have to . . ."
   "Please Thomas," she said, taking hold of his hand.  "Where are you
going?"
   "I have to go see Debbie.  She needs me.  There has to be something
I can do.  I feel so helpless."
   He turned his face away from her, as tears again streamed down his
cheeks.
   "Please Thomas, sit down.  You can't go to Debbie.  They don't allow
someone your age to visit patients without an adult.  Besides, Debbie
is in no condition to see you right now."
   "But I have to see her," he sobbed.
   "I know you do.  Look, I have already promised Louanne that I'd take
her up to see Debbie this afternoon. That is if Debbie is allowed
visitors.  You could come with us, if you wanted to."
   "Could I?  Oh, thank you.  I'd really like to go, if I could.  When
would we go?"
   "Well, it all depends on whether they allow her any visitors.  But I
promised Louanne that I'd take her after lunch.  But only if Debbie's
doctors say it's alright."
   "They have to.  They just have to.  I can't stand the thought if her
being there all alone."
   "I think maybe you had better go home.  I'll call you when I find
out if we will be allowed to see her.  And besides, you aren't in any
shape to go to school today.  So why don't you go home?"
   "Yeah, I guess I should.  But you won't forget to call me?  You have
my number, don't you?"
   "Yes, Thomas, I have it.  And I promise I'll call you the moment I
know anything.  Now, go on home."
   Thomas thanked her again, and headed home.  He hoped no one saw him,
as he continued to cry thinking about poor Debbie.

                              --- *** ---

   Rodger hurried to Dale's house.  He was still high after last night. 
But he had to make sure the fucking fag didn't open his mouth.  He
knocked on the front door, waiting for someone to answer.  Dale's
mother came to the door.
   "Good morning Rodger.  How are you today?"
   "Great, Mrs. B.  Is Dale ready for school?"
   "He's still in bed.  The poor boy was up half the night, sick to his
stomach.  I guess he picked up a flu bug, or something.  He's still
quite pale this morning.  I thought it would be best if he just rested
in bed today."
   "That's too bad.  I hope he gets better soon.  Maybe I could see him
for a minute?  See if he needs anything from his locker?  I can pick up
his homework, and drop it off after school, if you'd like?"
   "That would be great.  You're always so considerate.  Go on up, I'm
sure Dale would be happy to see you."
   Rodger went up to Dale's room.  Closing the door behind him, he
gazed at Dale.  He was sleeping.  Rodger walked quietly to the side of
the bed and reached out to touch his face.
   Dale's eyes flew open in panic.  Seeing Rodger, he tried to move
away.
   "Not feeling to well this morning?" Rodger asked.
   "Christ, Rodger, you scared the shit out of me.  And no, I'm not
feeling well.  My Mom thinks I should stay home."
   "I `o too," Rodger said.  "That way, I'll know you can't open your
fucking mouth and squeal."
   "I wouldn't do that.  Shit, if I did, they'd toss my ass in jail,
and throw away the key."
   "Just remember that.  And if that happens, I'll find away to kill
you.  You keep your mouth shut and you have nothing to worry about."
   "Honest, Rodger. I won't tell anyone."
   "Good.  I'll stop by after school to drop off your homework.  And to
see how you're doing.  And maybe we can talk about how you can put to
use what you learned last night.  Think it's high time that bitch of
yours, Sandy, started putting out a little."
   "Hey! Leave her out of this."
   "Or you'll do what?  Squeal?  Go ahead.  And after I kill you, I'll
still fuck your girlfriend.  Bet she begs for it like the slut did last
night."
   "Get out of here," Dale screamed. "You're fucking crazy!"
   Rodger laughed.  "Maybe you better remember that.  Cause if I'm
really crazy, you know I'll do what I promise."  Still laughing, he
went back down stairs.
   "Well it looks as you two had a few laughs," Dale's mother said. 
"I'm glad you took the time to cheer him up.  But you better hurry if
you don't want to be late for school."
   "Thanks, Mrs. B.  I'll see you after school."  Rodger continued to
laugh as he headed to school.  He felt great.


 -- Chapter Twenty-Eight

   As Thomas approached his house, he wondered if his mother had left
for work yet.
   He went around back, and wiped his eyes on his jacket sleeve.  He
hoped he didn't look too bad, as he went in.
   "Mom?" he called.
   "Thomas?  Is that you?  I thought you were on your way to school. 
Is something wrong?" his mother answered, as she came rushing to the
back door.  "My God, Thomas, what's the matter?  You've been crying. 
Are you hurt?"
   "I'm okay, Mom.  I didn't hurt myself."
   "But you're upset.  What's the matter?  You've been crying for a
reason."
   "I kinda got some bad news.  And I guess I was pretty upset.  But
I'm okay now, really."
   "Bad news?  What bad news?" his mother asked, concerned.
   "I just found out that . . . er . . . a friend is in the hospital. 
I guess it kinda shook me up a bit."
   "In the hospital?  Who?  Please Thomas, who's in the hospital and
why?"
   "Well, a girl from my class was raped last night and . . ."
   "Raped?  Who was it?"
   "I'm not sure if you know her.  Debbie?  Debbie Williams?  She lives
over on Yorkshire Drive."
   "Oh that one," his mother said.  "Doesn't surprise me in the least. 
She always dressed and acted like a little tramp."
   Thomas was shocked by his mother's words.
   "You shouldn't concern yourself about girls like her," his mother
continued.  "They only get what they ask for.  Daughters of Satan draw
the worst."
   "My god, she was attacked, raped.  How can you say that?  She was a
good girl."
   "Now Thomas.  There are still things you have to learn.  Things you
don't fully understand.  Little tramps like that practically go around
asking to be treated that way.  Why else do they paint their faces, and
dress to show off their evil bodies."
   "It's all well and good, you being concerned for this girl.  But
when you're older, you'll realize that some people are just down right
sinful."
    "You don't know her, Mom.  She's not like that at all."
   "And how would you know?  Surely you don't associate with girl like
her?"
   "Well I . . . er . . . I know her from school," he answered. 
Suddenly, he was afraid of what she would say if she knew about him and
Debbie.
   "You really shouldn't have anything to do with such trash."
   "She's not trash," he protested.
   "Don't contradict me, young man.  Of course she's trash.  Why else
would someone do what they did?  She probably led the poor fool on,
teasing him, until he could do nothing else."
   "No, you're wrong.  She isn't like that at all.  She's sweet and
kind.  She'd never do anything like that."
   "My poor Thomas.  Someday you'll see there are evil people in the
world.  And you must always be on your guard against them.  For they
are the children of Satan.  Their only purpose to entice good people
like us away from God."
   He fought hard to keep from crying again.  He felt frustrated not
being able to explain to his mother about Debbie.
   "Now I want you to forget about this girl.  She got what she
deserved.  No more, no less.  God punishes those who disobey his
Commandments," his mother said as she took her handkerchief and wiped
his face.
   Thomas jerked away from her touch.  He looked at his mother, and
anger filled him.  "You don't know what you're talking about.  Debbie
isn't like that at all.  She's a good girl.  And she's my girlfriend,"
he said.  He stared at her defiantly.
   "Your what?  You're not serious. You're much too young for anything
like that.  I forbid it."
   "You can't forbid it.  It is.  We are.  We love each other. 
Something you've forgotten all about, if you even knew how," he
challenged.
   "How dare you talk to me like that," she exclaimed, slapping his
face.  "What do you know of love?  What do you know of the sacrifices? 
The pain?  You know nothing," she screamed at him.
   "You're half right.  In this house, I never learned anything about
love.  Just hatred and bitterness.  Debbie showed me what love's all
about.  All you ever showed me was how to condemn, how to judge.  She's
shown me kindness.  And how to enjoy life," Thomas replied softly.  He
turned to leave.
   "Where do you think you're going, young man?  Get back here.  I want
a full apology for the disgusting way you are acting."
   Thomas walked slowly out the door.  His mind flooded with emotions--
fear, anger and pain.  He knew if he looked back at her, he would lose
everything.
   "Get back here at once," she yelled at him.  "You can't leave me
like this.  You ungrateful child.  Just like your father.  Enticed by
the Devil's slut.  Seduced by the spread legs of his whore."
   Once Thomas turned the corner of the house, he broke into a run. 
His mother's screams broke the stillness of the quiet morning.
   "You can't leave me alone like this.  I'm your mother.  Please
Thomas, come back."
   He covered his ears with his hands to block out her words.  Tears
flowed from his eyes, blinding him.  But he couldn't go back.  His
Debbie needed him.  And he knew that she was good.  His mother was
wrong.
   He felt guilty about the way he had treated his mother.  But he knew
in his heart, she was wrong.  Debbie was not trash, nor a child of the
Devil.  If anyone was, he was.  It was he who couldn't control his
urges.
   But he realized that right now, he was only worried about Debbie. 
He knew she needed him.  Needed someone to hold her, and tell her she
was loved.  His heart ached with the need to be with her.
   He continued to run, not aware of his surroundings.  Finally, he
could run no further.  His heart was pounding against his ribs as his
lungs fought for air.  He looked around, and was surprised to discover
he was in the park.  In front of him was the grove of pine trees where
he and Debbie had spent their first time together.
   Glancing around to make certain no one was watching, he scrambled
beneath the low branches.  Once within the protective ring of trees, he
lay down on the bed of pine needles.  His gaze took in every detail,
comparing it to the first time he had been here.
   Tears blurred his vision as he remembered how sweet Debbie had been
that night.  And how pretty she had looked in the dim light as she had
removed her clothing.  He remembered how frightened he had felt.  How
unsure he had been, until she showed him what to do.  And the feelings
she had stirred in him, when she first touched him.  How his heart
nearly burst when she told him how he wasn't like other guys she had
dated.
   She had been everything he ever dreamed a girl would be.  She had
been soft, gentle, and understanding.  Her patience with his
inexperience was something he never expected.  Obviously she knew so
much more than he did.  Yet, she never made fun of him.
   The feel of her skin against his, her sweet taste, they were more
than anything he ever imagined.  Even his wildest dreams had not
prepared him for the feel of her lips and mouth on his penis.  Her
willingness, no, her eagerness to please was something that at first
frightened him.
   But he soon realized it was merely her way of showing affection. 
And he was too willing to return those feelings in the same manner.  He
remembered the afternoon at Louanne's house.  The moment when he
finally realized he loved her.
   Even now he did not doubt it was the physical relationship at first
which had prompted him to tell her he loved her.  But having said the
words, it was as if some barrier inside of him had been broken. 
Somehow she had freed his heart from whatever had made it impossible
for him to feel love.
   And in that instant, he did love.  For the first time in his life,
he knew what it was to love, and be loved.  Seeing her there pleading
with him, offering herself to him, had made him realize he did love
her.  Not because of what she had promised if he said it.  But because
she would make that sacrifice simply for love.
   She'd shown him what it was like to be totally unselfish.  To want
someone so much, you'd do anything for them.  And at that moment, he
wanted to do everything he could for her.  Not to her.  But for her. 
He wanted to protect her and make her happy.  And he wanted to spend
the rest of his life with her.
   But when she needed him most, he hadn't been there.  His hands beat
against the ground in anger.  "Where was I when she needed me?", his
mind cried out.  He buried his face in his arms and cried.


 -- Chapter Twenty-Nine

   Thomas lay there, lost in memories and emotions until the sun moved
directly overhead.  Noticing its position, he glanced at his watch. 
"Damn," he thought, "It's lunchtime.  Mrs. Raster said she and Louanne
would be going to the hospital after lunch."
   He scrambled through the trees again, not caring if anyone saw him. 
He ran as fast as he could to Louanne's house, hoping they had not left
yet.  Arriving at the house, his panic subsided upon seeing the car
still in the driveway.  Breathless, he rang the bell.
   "My god Thomas, you look terrible," Mrs. Raster said, opening the
door.  "I tried calling your house, but there was no answer.  I was
starting to worry something had happened to you."
   "I'm okay," he replied.  "I kinda just walked around this morning,
thinking.  I only just realized the time, and rushed over here."
   "But I thought you said you were going home this morning?" she
asked, still concerned.
   "I needed some time to think.  And I always think better when I'm
walking," he lied in reply.  He just couldn't tell her about the
argument with his mother.
   "Well, I was just fixing lunch.  Why don't you join us?  After, I'll
call the hospital to make sure they'll let us visit Debbie."
   Thomas agreed and followed her to the kitchen.  He found Louanne
sitting there, still looking as if she had only stopped crying.
   "Oh Thomas," she said, jumping up to go to him.  She wrapped her
arms around him and hugged him tightly.
   "It's okay, Lou.  Everything will be okay," he said, hoping it was
true.
   Mrs. Raster served lunch, and the three of them ate in silence. 
Once the lunch dishes were cleared away, they left for the hospital. 
Louanne held Thomas' hand.  She squeezed so tightly, it hurt.  But he
didn't dare break the contact, afraid she would start crying again.
   At the hospital, Mrs. Raster went to the reception desk.  Obtaining
the room number, she led them to the elevators.  Thomas felt
uncomfortable being in the hospital.  He didn't like the smell and all
the sick people walking around in hospital gowns.  Or worse, moving
around in wheel chairs.  If he wasn't seeing Debbie, he'd never come
here.
   As they stepped out of the elevator, Thomas saw Debbie's father
sitting outside one of the rooms.  The man looked tired, his shoulders
slumped, his face drawn.  Hearing them approached, he looked up. 
Seeing Mrs. Raster, he stood and moved slowly toward her.
   "Oh Bert.  I'm so sorry," she said, embracing him.  "How is Debbie?"
   "Oh Sue, I'm going crazy.  My baby is in there, hurt.  And somewhere
out there, some animal is roaming around free.  If I could just get my
hands on the bastard."
   "Let the police do their job.  You're place is here with her.  How
is she?"
   "The doctors say she'll be okay, physically.  The bastard cut her
real good with a knife or something.  She has a cracked rib, and a ton
of bruises.  But the doctors say there's nothing too serious,
physically.  But mentally?  I dunno.  She's suffering from shock. 
They've had shrinks going in and out of there all day long.  Basically,
they're keeping her quiet.  Sometimes she gets so upset, they give her
a shot to quiet her down."
   "Has she said anything about what happened?  Or who did this to
her?"
   "No.  Every time they try to get her to talk about it, she gets
upset.  That's when they end up giving her the shot.  If she'd only
tell them who it was.  So we could catch the son of a bitch.  If I can
get my hands on him, he'll never . . ."
   "Calm down Bert.  Getting yourself all worked up won't help Debbie. 
I know it's hard, but you need to be here when she needs you."
   "Oh Sue.  I know you're right.  But I feel so helpless.  I can't do
anything for her.  And I can't do anything about finding that bastard."
   Bert noticed Thomas and Louanne for the first time.  "Who's he?" he
said, indicating Thomas.
   Sue motioned Thomas to come closer.  "This is Thomas Wright.  He's a
good friend of Louanne and Debbie.  Thomas, this is Mr. Williams,
Debbie's father."
   Thomas was nervous.  Not sure what to do, he simply said "Sir", and
offered his hand.
   "A friend of Debbie's?" Bert said as he shook Thomas' hand.  "Can't
say I remember her mentioning you.  But then again, she never did say
much about her friends to me.  Has she known you long?"
   "Well, er . . ." Thomas stammered.
   Mrs. Raster came to his rescue.  "He goes to school with the girls. 
Matter of fact, he's tutoring Louanne in history.  I asked him to come
along so he could keep Louanne company."
   "Oh," Bert replied, not really listening.
   "Do you think it would be okay if the kids looked in on Debbie? 
Louanne really wants to see her."
   "I dunno.  I think she's still sleeping."
   "We won't wake her, sir," Thomas said."
   "Oh please, Mr. Williams," Louanne begged."
   "Why don't you and I go get a coffee, or something?" Mrs Raster
suggested.  "The kids won't disturb her, I'm sure.  And you look as if
you could do with a change of scenery."
   Bert reluctantly agreed, and allowed Sue to lead him to the
elevators.  Thomas and Louanne quietly entered Debbie's room.  They
stepped around a privacy curtain to see Debbie lying there, sleeping.
   "My God," Louanne cried out, seeing Debbie.  She buried her face
against Thomas' chest, and started to sob.  He held her tightly, trying
to comfort her.
   He was shocked seeing Debbie like this.  She had tubes sticking in
her arm.  Her face was badly bruised, her lips swollen and cut.  He
could see a bandage on one shoulder, peeking out from her hospital
gown.  Even her knees were badly scraped.  He shuddered to think how
she got all those injuries.
   "Who could have done that to her?" Louanne whispered in horror. 
"How could anyone be that mean, that cruel?"
   Thomas couldn't answer her.  He knew if he tried to speak, he'd
start crying.  He understood the anger he had heard in Mr. William's
voice.  He'd kill whoever did this, if he could, too.  Even in sleep,
Debbie's expression was one of terror.  As if she could still see the
animal who did this to her.
   Silently, they stood at the foot of her bed.  Thomas relaxed his
hold on Louanne when he realized, in his anger, he was squeezing her. 
But, as if in answer to his feelings, she hugged him even more tightly.
   Sue Raster came to into the room.  She hugged both of them as she
gazed upon Debbie's sleeping form.  She gently pushed them out of the
room, saying, once they were in the hall, "We really have to go.  Don't
want to over stay our welcome."
   "But Mom, I want to stay with her," Louanne said.
   "I'll bring you both up again tomorrow," her mother responded.   
"There's nothing we can do for her right now.  Besides, I think the
doctors want to see her."
   Walking to where Debbie's father sat, she said, "We're going now,
Bert.  You really should go home and get some sleep.  It won't do her
any good if you make yourself sick."
   "I can't, Sue.  I wouldn't be able to sleep any better at home.  And
at least here, I can see her, be near her."
   "Well, if I can do anything, you just call me.  And we'll stop by
tomorrow, again.  If either of you need anything . . ."
   Standing, and giving her a hug, he said, "Thanks Sue.  I'll be okay. 
I'll see you tomorrow."  He hugged Louanne and shook Thomas' hand. 
"You kids take care.  And don't worry too much.  She'll get better. 
Sweet God, she has to get better."
   Driving home from the hospital, they sat silently, each lost in
thought.  When they arrived at Louanne's house, her mother invited
Thomas to come in. He said he had better be getting home.
   "You're coming back tomorrow, aren't you?" Louanne asked.
   "Sure.  What time do you want me to come over?"
   "Well, you could come over in the morning.  Mom?  What time are we
going to the hospital?"
   "I have several things I have to do tomorrow.  And I think you two
should go to school tomorrow.  You don't want to miss too much."
   "But Mom, I wanna be with Debbie," Louanne protested.
   "You can't spend all day at the hospital with her.  And I can't take
you up there until late afternoon at the earliest.  No.  I think you'd
be better off going to school.  Get your mind off this tragedy.  I'll
take the two of you up to visit her after school."
   Louanne looked very unhappy.  But Thomas didn't want to spend
another day wandering around like he had today.
   "I'll meet you here tomorrow, and walk you to school," he said. 
"Then after, we can come back here to wait for your mother.  Okay?"
   Louanne reluctantly agreed, seeing she really had no other choice. 
Mrs. Raster asked Thomas if he wanted to stay for supper.  Thomas
thanked her, but said he really should be getting home.  He thought to
himself, he still had his mother to face.  And he wasn't really looking
forward to that.
   Saying good bye, he headed home.  He was thankful that it was still
too early for his mother to be home from work.  Nervously, he wondered
if she had gone to work?  Would she be waiting for him?


 -- Chapter Thirty

   There was no one home when he got there.  He was relieved he didn't
have to answer any of his mother's questions just yet.  He headed up to
his room and laid upon the bed.
   He remembered how pitiful Debbie had looked.  He tried to imagine
what kind of animal could have done such a thing.  He worried about how
something like this might change Debbie.  Change the way she felt about
him.  Change how they felt about each other.
   He had heard stories about girls who were raped.  How they couldn't
stand to have a man touch them again.  And how the boyfriends sometimes
didn't want anything more to do with the girl.  Almost as if she was
somehow the cause of what had happened.
   He was horrified by what had happened to Debbie.  But he didn't feel
horrified of her.  He wanted more than ever just to hold her, let her
know he cared for her.  He wanted to take the horrible memories from
her.  He wished he could simply hold and kiss her, and by doing so,
make the pain go away.
   He wondered about what would happen to them when Debbie left the
hospital.  Could they go back to the way things were?  He didn't think
so.  He was sure she couldn't.  How could she be so trusting and care-
free after having lived through that nightmare.
   Somehow, he had to show her that the entire world was not like that. 
That the world could be a warm and loving place.  And there were still
people in this world who could be gentle and caring.
   He laid there, wondering how he would do all that.  Lost in thought,
he didn't hear the knock on his door, nor notice it opening.
   "Thomas?  Are you okay?" his mother asked, entering his room. 
Startled by her voice, he sat up.
   "Are you okay?  Can I get you something?" she asked, concerned.
   "I'm okay.  I was just thinking," he answered, feeling very
uncomfortable.
   "Did you go to school today?"
   "No.  I spent most of the day over at Louanne Raster's house.  Her
mother took us to see Debbie up at the hospital after lunch."
   "Is the girl going to be all right?"
   "I dunno, Mom.  Mr. Williams said the doctors weren't sure.  They
said that physically, she would be okay.  But they're worried about her
mental health."
   "Oh sweetheart.  I'm so sorry about this morning.  I didn't know. 
When I heard at work how horrible it must have been for her, I . . ."
   "Please Mom, not now."
   "But Thomas.  I was such a fool this morning.  I just want to . . ."
   "I can't talk about it now.  Please?  I just want to be alone.  I
said some pretty mean things to you, too, and I'm sorry I did.  But
right now, I just need to be alone."
   His mother reached out to touch him, her hand stopping just short of
making contact.
   "I'm sorry, baby," she said as her hand dropped to her side.  "Think
you'll be wanting supper, later?"
   Thomas fell back on the bed, his eyes staring at the ceiling.  "I
dunno," he replied.  His mother left, silently closing the door behind
her.
   Evening came, and still Thomas could not bring himself to leave his
room.  He heard his mother climbing the stairs, and realized it was
late.  He pretended to be asleep when she entered his room.
   She stood beside his bed for a moment, watching him.  Leaning over,
she softly kissed his forehead.  She took a blanket from the bottom of
his bed, and gently covered him.  He heard her slip from the room,
leaving him alone in the darkness.
   When he awoke the next morning, he didn't remember when he had
finally fallen asleep.  He felt groggy, as if he hadn't slept very
well.  And he had faint recollections of dreams, horrible dreams.  But
the harder he tried to remember their details, the more they faded into
nothingness.
   He got ready for school, and headed downstairs.  His mother was
already in the kitchen making breakfast.
  "Good morning," she said to him.  "Your breakfast will be ready in a
minute."
   "I'm not really hungry.  I'll just . . ."
   "Now you listen to me, young man.  I know you're upset.  You want so
much to help that poor girl.  But you won't be helping if you make
yourself sick.  Now you'll sit down there and eat what I put in front
of you."
   Thomas had hoped he could avoided this.  He still didn't want to
talk to his mother about Debbie, about their relationship.  And he felt
very guilty about how he had behaved yesterday.  But he knew from her
tone of voice, she wouldn't tolerate his refusal.
   Sitting down, he said, "Mom, about yesterday.  I'm sorry."
   "Never mind about that.  You just eat," his mother replied, placing
his breakfast before him.  Sitting opposite him, she said, "Now I have
a few things I want to say to you.  I had all day yesterday to think
this over, and I realize I was wrong."
   "Now, before you go jumping to the wrong conclusion, I still believe
you're too young to be involved in the kind of relationship you told me
about.  But I can remember what it was like the first time I fell in
love.  And I was wrong to judge that poor girl the way I did.  I really
do believe there is too much evil in this world.  And that Satan is the
root of it."
   "But I was wrong to assume that girl, what was her name?  Debbie? 
Well, I was wrong to assume that she was bad.  And I was wrong to
believe you couldn't think you were in love."
   "I've tried to protect you from the evil that surrounds us.  Maybe
I've tried too hard.  And I know I have to learn to trust you.  Trust
what you do.  I can't be there all the time.  And you have to learn
what's right and wrong for yourself."
   "I realize you spoke to me in anger.  And I didn't give you much of
a chance to explain.  No, that's not right.  You tried to explain, I
wasn't listening.  Now I'm not promising that I'll change.  But I will
try to be more understanding."
   "I have had to live with much pain and disappointment in my life. 
But I want you to know that you have never been the cause of my
suffering.  So you go see that girlfriend of yours.  And know that I am
happy that you've found someone.  I just wish this thing had never
happened to the poor girl."
   Thomas sat there, his mouth opened in astonishment.  His mother had
never talked to him like this before.  He didn't know what to say.
   "You better hurry up and finish eating, or you'll be late for
school.  And if Mrs. Raster can't take you and Louanne up to visit
Debbie this afternoon, I'll take you.  Call me at work, and if
necessary, I take off early."
   Thomas jumped up and went to his mother.  Wrapping his arms around
her, he said, "I love you, Mom."
   "Never mind that now.  And don't leave your dirty dishes there for
me to clean up.  There is no maid service in this house.  And hurry up,
or you'll be late for school."
   Thomas quickly placed his breakfast dishes in the dishwasher and
collected his school books.  He headed for the door.
   "And just what do you think you're going, young man?" his mother
called to him.  "Where is my kiss?"
   He raced back to where she sat, and kissed her.  She wrapped her
arms around him and gave him a hug.
   "Remember sweetheart, I do love you.  I have always loved you."
   He could see her eyes were moist, and was about to say something
when she pushed him away.
   "Now go on.  Hurry up.  I'll see you tonight."
   He gave her one last hug, and left.  He found himself humming a tune
as he hurried to Louanne's house.  It felt good knowing he and his
mother had made up.  Now he could concentrate on Debbie and her
problem.
   Arriving at the corner near Louanne's house, he was surprised she
wasn't there waiting for him.  He wondered if she had changed her mind
about going to school.  Or worse, what if something had happened to
Debbie?  He ran to her house and rang the bell.  Louanne answered the
door, carrying her books.
   "Sorry. I'm running late this morning," she said.
   "Is Debbie okay?" he asked, concerned.
   "No change.  Mom talked to her dad, last night."
   "When you weren't waiting for me at the corner, I thought something
had happened."
   "Oh Tommy, I'm sorry.  It's just that my mom had to leave early. 
And I kinda lost track of the time.  I wish I didn't have to go to
school today.  But I promised her I would.  Mom said she'd be back
before we get home from school.  She'll take us up to see Debbie then."
   "Well, we better get moving then," he said.
   The happiness he had felt with his mother was dampened as he again
thought about Debbie.  He and Louanne walked to school, each too busy
with their own thoughts to talk.


 -- Chapter Thirty-One

   Thomas thought the day would never end.  Ever since he and Lou had
arrived at school, they had been bombarded with questions about Debbie. 
And he just couldn't concentrate on what went on in the classroom.  He
was glad it was gym period.  At least here, he didn't have to pay
attention to what the teacher was trying to say.
   While he changed into his gym uniform he heard several guys, in the
next row of lockers, talking about what had happened to Debbie.
   ". . . and I heard my mom saying to my dad that the guy had used a
knife."
   "Must have been some really fucked up weirdo to have to do shit like
that."
   "I can't understand why anyone would rape a girl.  I mean there's
enough around who would do it willingly.  You don't force some chick
like that."
   "Why do you think it was rape?"
   Thomas recognized Rodger's voice.
  "But everyone says it was rape.  What else would you call it?"
   "I dunno.  I can't see Debbie refusing someone.  Shit, we all know
how easy she is," Rodger replied.  "Remember what Billy Jenkins said
about her."
   "He never said she fucked.  Just that she'd gave good head.  Seems
to me if the girl don't wanna fuck, and someone forces her, that's
rape.  How else do you explain how she got beaten up like that.  And
stabbed, besides."
   "That's easy," Rodger replied with a chuckle.  "We all remember the
time her old man caught her and Billy.  He beat the shit out of her so
bad, she was off school for a week.  I figure he caught her fucking
someone the other night, and really fixed her this time.  And then
after, he got scared and told the police she was raped."
   "I guess you could be right.  But that still doesn't explain the
knife wounds.  And besides, she seeing Weird Tom.  And somehow, I just
can't picture the two of them fucking."
   Rodger laughed at that.  "True, that fag would be lucky if he could
even figure out what to do with his cock.  But I can tell you the chick
fucks.  And like a champ too.  Both Dale and I have had our cocks up
her hot cunt."
   "No shit?  She really fucks?  No shit!"
   "No shit," Rodger replied.  "And boy is she hot, too.  She'll do
anything you want.  Even begs for it.  Shit, she's a fucking nympho. 
Can't get enough of it."
   Thomas didn't know why Rodger was saying these terrible things about
Debbie.  Obviously, Rodger was lying.  He couldn't take any more of
this, and walked around the locker to confront Rodger.
   "You're a liar," he said to Rodger.
   "Well, lookie here, if it ain't the weirdo fag himself.  And how
would you know if I was lying or not?"
   "I know Debbie.  And I know she would never do stuff like that."
   "You don't know shit.  And you certainly don't know your slutty
girlfriend that well.  Shit, you must be the only guy that ain't
fucking her.  Did you know she like to suck cock?  Did you know she
begged to be fucked?  Did you know she begged to be fucked in the ass,
too?"
   Thomas couldn't take any more.  He moved closer to Rodger and said,
"You're lying.  I know you are.  Take it back.  Take all those lies
back!"
   Rodger laughed.  "And if I don't?  What are you going to do?  You
ain't man enough to fuck your own girl.  Not man enough, so she has to
go around fucking any cock she can get her hands on."
   Thomas shoved Rodger against the lockers.  "You're lying.  She isn't
like that at all."
   Rodger came away from the locker, and threw a punch that caught
Thomas across the mouth.  Thomas staggered back from the force of the
blow.
   "Think you're man enough to take me on, fag?  Comon, try it."
   Rodger grabbed Thomas and threw him against the lockers.  Thomas
fell into an open locker, and became entangled in the clothes.  He
struggled to free himself.  Rodger slammed against the locker door,
catching Thomas across the back.
   Thomas pushed hard against the door, trying to gain some breathing
room.  The door gave, and he moved slowly backward, trying to catch his
breath.  Before he could free himself completely, Rodger again slammed
the door on him.
   Pain shot up his arm as it was caught between the door and the edge
of the locker.  He heard a sharp crack, and knew the bone was broken. 
Tears came to his eyes caused by the excruciating pain.  He shoved
against the door, at last freeing himself.  He leaned back against the
locker for support, clutching his broken arm.
   Rodger stood before him.  "Comon fag.  Show us what a real man you
are.  Maybe you'd rather suck cock?"
   Thomas tried to push himself off the locker.  As he moved forward,
Rodger punched him in the stomach.  And again the wind was knocked out
of him.  Thomas noticed a crowd had gathered at either end of the row,
but no one made a move to stop what was going on.
   Rodger reached behind him and suddenly a knife appeared in his hand. 
"Comon fag.  Let's see if you suck cock as good as your girlfriend, the
slut.  Maybe you need a bit of persuading with Snake.  It certainly
made her more willing."
   Thomas heard what Rodger said.  But his mind refused to understand. 
Rodger?  Rodger was the one?  His best friend was the one who had raped
his girlfriend.  He felt anger explode inside him.  Bracing himself
against the locker, his foot kicked out, catching Rodger's wrist.  The
knife flew from Rodger's hand, as he screamed in pain.
   "You broke my fucking wrist, you fucking bastard.  I'm going to
fucking kill you."
   "You aren't going to hurt anyone, any more," Thomas said in a low
voice, moving closer to where Rodger stood clutching his wrist.  He
backhanded Rodger across the face with all his strength.  He continued
to follow Rodger, hitting him again and again until Rodger fell to the
floor, almost unconscious.
    And even then, Thomas couldn't stop.  His foot lashed out, catching
Rodger in the stomach.  Again he kicked, this time catching the ribs. 
The force of the last kick caused Rodger to rolled over onto his back. 
Thomas moved until he was standing over the fallen body.  He calmly
lashed out with the toe of his shoe, catching Rodger hard between the
legs.  Before Rodger could do anything, Thomas brought his foot down
hard, grinding his heel into the groin.
   Someone grabbed Thomas from behind and pulled him away from the now
still body.  Pain enveloped him as hands roughly pulled on his broken
arm.  He slumped against whoever was holding him, and passed out.


 -- Chapter Thirty-Two

   When Thomas regained consciousness, he found himself lying on a bed
in the Nurse's office.  Behind the nurse, stood the principal and two
uniformed policemen.  They had put a splint on his broken arm, and
bandaged his bruised, and now swollen, knuckles.
   He thought it was funny that his hand hurt more than his arm.  He
groaned as he tried to lift his head.  "God, I hurt," he thought.
   "Is he awake?" asked the principal.
   "Please, Mr Fenton," said the nurse, "the poor boy has been through
so much.  He needs quiet.  And we should get him to the hospital to
have that arm x-rayed."
   "There's plenty of time for that, ma'am," one of the police officers
said, moving closer to Thomas.  "Son?  Can you hear me?"
   "Please," protested the nurse.  "Can't your questions wait until
later?  I just gave him a sedative to help the pain."
   Ignoring her, the policeman again spoke to Thomas, "Son, do you
understand me?"
   Thomas just wanted to sink back into oblivion.  But the policeman
was persistent and continued to question him.
   "Son, you have to help us.  Why did you attack that boy?"
   "Because he did it," mumbled Thomas.
   "Did what?  What did he do?"
   "He did that terrible thing to Debbie.  I love Debbie."
   "We all love Debbie.  But what did he do to her?"
   "He was the one who raped her."
   "How do you know that?  Did he tell you that?"
   "Yeah."
   "What did he say, son.  Come on, don't flake out on us now."
   "He said he stuck her with that knife.  He called it snake."
   "Called what snake?"
   "The knife.  He called the knife snake.  And he said he used it on
Debbie to make her do those horrible things."
   "And did he say anything about there being anyone else there?"
   "I gotta go to her.  She needs me. I gotta protect her from him."
   "It's okay, son.  He isn't going to hurt anyone else, we promise. 
But did he say if someone else was there when it happened?"
   "He mentioned Dale."
   "Dale?  Dale who?"
   "I suspect I know who he's talking about," the principal offered. 
"I don't believe Dale is at school today, but I can get you his
address."
   "Good," replied the officer.  "Don't worry son, your girlfriend is
safe.  And soon you'll be taken to the hospital to have that arm
checked out."
   The second policeman asked the principal to show him Dale's address. 
He said to his partner, "I call this in from the office.  Central will
send a car to pick up this Dale character."
   "Okay," replied his partner.  "And then we can take that one to the
hospital," indicating the still unconscious form of Rodger, laying on
another bed in the room.
   Thomas noticed Rodger, and tried to get up.  The officer placed a
hand upon Thomas' chest and gently pushed him back down.
   "Don't worry kid.  He ain't going any where under his own power for
quite awhile.  You really punished him good.  You just worry about
getting yourself better so you can see that girlfriend of yours."
   Turning to the nurse, he said, "I'd take him in my car, but I don't
have the room with the other one.  I'll have Central dispatch an
ambulance for this kid."
   The nurse agreed, and after telling Thomas not to move, she went to
help the officer move Rodger onto a gurney.  Thomas heard they take
Rodger from the room, and then he slipped once more into sweet
oblivion.

                               --- *** ---

   Thomas again drifted upward to awareness.  He opened his eyes and
tried to focus.  But it took too much effort.  Slowly he became aware
of his body.  His arm throbbed lightly, and felt very stiff.  His
knuckles burned.  He tried to recognize the smells and sounds around
him.  Slowly, he realized he was in a hospital.
   Again he opened his eyes, and successfully focused on his
surroundings.  He saw he was in a bed surrounded by those privacy
curtains.  Turning his head slightly, he saw his mother sitting by his
bed.  She smiled, and lovingly caressed his face.
   "Are you feeling okay?" she asked.
   He tried to reply, but had trouble making his mouth work.
   "Just rest," she said.  "The doctor said it would take you a while
to fully regain consciousness."
   He managed to get his lips to move and croaked, "Water."
   His mother gently lifted his head, and placed a glass against his
lips.  He tried to sip, but most of the water ran down his chin.  Again
he tried, and this time managed to get a mouthful.  The fog was
clearing from his brain, and he felt the pain in his arm more sharply.
   He let out a low moan, and his mother lowered his head to the
pillow.  The curtain parted as a young doctor entered.
   "I see we've returned to the living.  How do you feel?" the doctor
asked.
   "Terrible," Thomas groaned.
   "Well, we'll do something about the pain, in a minute.  But first, I
want to check you over.  Think you can sit up?"
   Thomas tried to, but only managed to lift his head off the pillow.
   "Here, I'll help," the doctor said, gently helping Thomas into a
sitting position.
   The doctor checked Thomas's pulse and heart beat.  He then shone a
light into his eyes.
   "Well I guess you'll live.  You'll have a bit of pain for the next
couple of days.  But we'll give you something for when it gets too bad. 
Actually you had a pretty bad break there."
   "You fractured both the radius and the ulna, the two big bones in
your forearm.  You'll have to wear that cast for at least a month, more
likely 6 weeks.  Fractures can be more painful than complete breaks,
sometimes.  But you're still young, and will heal quickly."
   "If you're feeling up to it, you have a couple of visitors to see
you.  And when you're feeling a bit more sturdy on your feet, you can
leave.  But we want you back tomorrow to check on that cast.  And we'll
want you to come back in 4 weeks for another x-ray."
   "Don't worry, he'll be okay," the doctor said to Thomas' mother. 
"He's made of some pretty tough stuff.  I'll go see about that pain
killer.  And before you leave, I'll write you a prescription for some
that you can give him at home.  I'd recommend he stay home for a few
days to rest.  But after that, there's no reason he can't return to
school.  Or any other activity that doesn't require the use of that
arm."
   No sooner had the doctor left, when the curtain opened again.  It
was the policeman who had spoken to Thomas at the school.
   "I won't stay long," he said.  "Just wanted to see how you were
doing.  And to let you know that we laid charges against that kid,
Rodger, and his friend.  When my partner went to question him, the
second kid confessed everything.  And when we confronted Rodger with
Dale's confession, he also confessed."
   "So all we need now is to wait for Rodger to get well enough to
stand trial.  You did a pretty good job on him.  He's got a couple of
cracked ribs, a fractured jaw, and a real pretty smile now that he's
missing a few teeth."
   "Doctors think they can save his, er . . ."  The policeman glanced
sheepishly at Thomas's mother.  "They think they can save the family
jewels, if you know what I mean.  But they ain't too sure if he'll ever
father too many off-spring.  Seeing how he turned out, I can't say that
would be much of a loss to humanity."
   "Anyhow, like I said, I just wanted to see how you were doing.  So I
won't bother you much longer.  Oh, by the way.  Seeing as they
confessed to everything, you probably won't be needed for the trial. 
Just thought you'd like to know.  You take of yourself."
   As the officer left, the doctor returned.
   "Well, I'll just give you this shot, and then you can see the rest
of your visitors."
   "What is it?" Thomas asked.
   "Just a pain killer," replied the doctor.
   "No.  I'm okay.  I don't like the way it makes me feel," Thomas
protested.
   "Are you're sure?  You don't need to play the hero, you know."
   "I really don't like the way it makes me feel.  And the pain isn't
that bad, now," Thomas said.
   "Well, if you're sure.  But make sure you get this prescription
filled.  Take a couple of them before you go to sleep.  During the day,
take two, as needed.  There is going to be pain.  So let the medication
help you, when you need it.  Remember, we want to see you again
tomorrow."
   Mrs. Wright took the prescription from the doctor, and thanked him
for all he had done.
   "Are you feeling well enough to receive some more visitors?" the
doctor asked Thomas.
   "More visitors?" asked Thomas.
   "Seems you have two good looking women out there, just dying to see
you.  Someday, when you have a chance, you'll have to explain to me
your secret," the doctor chuckled.  "Should I send them away, so you
can rest?"
   "No.  Don't.  I guess I'm feeling well enough."
   "Okay.  But don't forget to take those pills before you go to sleep
tonight," the doctor said as he left.
   "Don't strain yourself, Thomas," his mother said, caressing his
face.  "If this is becoming too much . . ."
   "I'm okay mom, really," he replied.  He was a bit embarrassed by her
display of affection.
   The curtain again parted, as Louanne came running in.  Thomas could
see her mother behind her.
   "Oh Thomas, I was so worried when I heard they had to take you to
the hospital," she said as she tried to hug him.
   He let out a groan of pain as she accidentally jostled his broken
arm. 
  "Oh god, what did I do?  I'm sorry," she cried, pushing away from
him.
   "It's okay, dear," Thomas' mother said.  "We just have to be careful
of his arm.  "How are you, Mrs. Raster?" she asked.
   "Please call me Sue," she replied.  "We were so worried about
Thomas.  When Louanne told me what he had done, and that he was taken
to the hospital, I was as frightened as she.  But when we arrived, and
the doctor explained that Thomas was going to be all right, I felt a
lot better.  And how are you holding up?  Is there anything I can do?"
   "I've had better days," Edna Wright answered with a smile.  "But
we'll be going home soon.  As soon as Thomas feels up to it, and I can
call for a taxi."
   "Please let me give you a lift," Sue offered.
   "Oh, we couldn't impose, really."
   "Please.  We are going that way, anyway.  And there's plenty of room
in the car.  Doesn't make any sense, you two taking a cab."
   "Well, if you're sure it wouldn't be any trouble.  I don't want to
keep you waiting."
   "We still want to check in on Debbie.  I wonder if they told her yet
all that has happened?"
   "Can I go, too?" Thomas asked.
   "You heard the doctor, Thomas.  He said you were to rest," his
mother said.
   "But I'm fine, really I am.  And you already said I could this
morning."
   "That was before you were hurt," she replied.  But when she saw the
disappointed look on his face, she relented and said, "Well, if you
promise not to tire yourself too much."
   "Thanks, mom," Thomas said, nearly jumping out of the bed.
   "You be careful, young man.  My heart has had enough excitement for
one day," his mother scolded as she held out a hand to steady him.
   "I'll make sure he's careful," Louanne offered, helping him put his
broken arm in a sling.  Taking hold of his good arm, she led him out of
the room and headed to the elevators.
   Thomas thought the elevator would never get to the right floor.  He
also wondered if they had told Debbie what had happened.  And whether
knowing that Rodger was now in custody, would help her get better any
faster.
   As they stepped out of the elevator, Thomas again saw Debbie's
father sitting outside her room.  He felt awkward about meeting the
man, but Louanne was pulling him forward.
   Bert Williams noticed them approaching, and went to meet them.  He
offered his hand to Thomas, and said, "Don't know how I can ever repay
you, but I'm mighty thankful for what you did."
   Thomas blushed as he shook handed.  "I didn't really do all that
much.  I . . ."
   "Don't be modest, young man.  The police told me everything.  I'm
sorry you got hurt.  But that was a damn good thing you did.  You
should be proud."
   Sue Raster introduced Edna, and asked how Debbie was doing.
   "Doctors say she'll be fine.  She was awake when the police came. 
And when she was told about what Thomas did, and how that bastard,
Rodger, had been caught, she broke down and told the social worker
everything that had happened to her."
   "Afterward, she just cried.  I was worried when it seemed as if
she'd never stop.  But they said it was a normal reaction to having
held it in for so long.
   "She started calling your name, Thomas.  But when they told her you
were hurt, and were in fact in the hospital too, she became hysterical. 
They just gave her another sedative about a half hour before you
arrived.  I think she's sleeping now.  But if you want, you and Louanne
can go in to see her."
   Louanne pulled Thomas into the room.  Debbie really didn't look any
better than she had yesterday.  But Thomas noticed that the look of
terror was gone.  She seemed to be sleeping peacefully.
   "I still can't believe it," Louanne said.  "I knew he could get
rough sometimes.  But to do something like this.  How could I have ever
thought I loved him?"
   "Who knows what went on in his mind," Thomas said.  "He was my best
friend for years.  Even when I heard him say it, I still had trouble
believing it was him."
   "Maybe if I had been more willing," Louanne said, softly.  "You
know, maybe if I hadn't refused to . . ."
   "And maybe it would have been you lying there, instead of Debbie. 
You can't blame yourself.  Rodger's sick, very sick.  I don't think any
of us could have prevented what happened.  But maybe now, he'll find
the help he needs."
   Louanne placed an arm around his waist, and rested her head on his
shoulder.  "But why did it have to happen to her.  All she ever wanted
was to make people happy, to have people like her."
   Thomas placed his good arm around Louanne's shoulder, and gave her a
gentle hug.  "I don't know," he answered.  "I don't think we'll ever
know."
   Sue Raster entered the room.  Speaking in a whisper, for fear of
disturbing Debbie, she said, "We better get going, sweet heart.  Thomas
should be resting.  And we don't want to wake Debbie.  She needs sleep
to help repair the damage to her body, and her mind."
   When they were again in the hall, Bert Williams said, "I'd
appreciate it if you two kids could come back here tomorrow.  I think
Debbie would be happy to see you two.  Particularly you, Thomas."
   Edna spoke up.  "Well, Thomas has to come back tomorrow so they can
check his cast.  I can pick up Louanne on the way."
   Sue Raster interrupted, "But I have the car.  Maybe it would be
better, if . . ."
   "I have a car, too.  I don't use it to get to work, normally.  I was
at work when the school called and said Thomas had been taken to the
hospital.  I grabbed a cab, knowing I'd have to take another one to get
home.  But, really, it would be no trouble to pick Louanne up
tomorrow."
   Promising to see Debbie the next day, they left.  On the ride home,
the grown-ups sat in the front, leaving Louanne and Thomas alone in the
back seat.  Louanne moved close to Thomas, and rested her head on his
shoulder.  Enjoying the feel of her against him, he felt a twinge of
guilt.


 -- Chapter Thirty-Three

   Thomas had been impatient, waiting for a doctor to check out his
cast.  But at least now that was over.  According to the doctor,
everything was okay.  He didn't have to come back for a month.
   Today, it was he who pulled Louanne along, madden by her seemingly
slow pace.  He urged his mother to hurry up, as they left the elevator.
   "I don't understand why we have to hurry so.  It's not as if poor
girl is going somewhere.  I'm sure she's waiting in her room for us,"
his mother teased.
   Thomas ignored his mother as he hurried to Debbie's room.  He was
surprised not to see Mr. Williams sitting outside her door.  For a
moment, he was afraid something bad had happened.
   But once at the door, he saw Mr. Williams standing at the side of
Debbie's bed.  Debbie was sitting up, and her face broke into a big
smile when she saw them.
   "Tommy!  Lou!  God, am I glad to see you two," she exclaimed. 
Louanne ran to her, and threw her arms around her.  Debbie flinched,
and said, "Hey, be careful.  The doctor said I have a couple of cracked
ribs.  Guess I'm still a bit tender."
   Louanne let go and started stammering her apologies.
   Thomas laughed, saying, "She has a nasty habit of doing stuff like
that.  I think she just likes to hurt people.  She did the same thing
to me, yesterday."
   Debbie's father said something about leaving them alone, and left
the room.  Debbie looked better today.  The bruises had turned a sickly
yellow, but the raw redness around her neck, and on her arms, had faded
to a deep pink.  The swelling of her lips had also gone down.
   Debbie reached out for Thomas, asking, "How's the arm?"
   Louanne moved back to allow Thomas to come closer.
   "Well, the doctors say it should be good as new in another 4 to 6
weeks." Thomas replied.
   Debbie reached up and pulled his face closer to her.  Her lips
brushed his cheek as she wrapped an arm tightly around him.
   "I'm so sorry, Tommy.  I never meant for you to get hurt.  I never
meant for all this to happen."
   Thomas tried to return her embrace, but his cast got in the way.
   "Maybe I should wait outside," Louanne offered.
   "No!" Debbie exclaimed.  "I need to talk to you."
   "Well, I could come back later."  Louanne suggested.
   "No, I want to talk to you first.  And then I want to talk to Tommy. 
Tommy, could you wait outside for few minutes?  I really have to talk
to Lou alone."
   "Sure," he answered, uncertain.  When Debbie offered no further
explanation, he reluctantly left the room.
   His mom and Bert were seated near the elevators, talking.  He waved
to them, and walked to the other end of the hall.  He was feeling
disappointed.  He didn't know why he felt angry at Debbie for asking
him to leave.
   He had wanted to see her so badly.  But he really didn't know what
he wanted to say to her.  No, that's wasn't right.  He knew what he
wanted to say.  He just wasn't sure how to say it.
   He wanted to tell her how much he loved her.  How he felt sorry
about what happened to her.  And how he didn't care.  No, that wasn't
right either.
   He did care about what happened.  But he wanted her to know that he
still loved her, despite what happened.  He just wished there was some
way he could ease her pain.  Some way, he could make all this go away,
so it could be like it was before.
   But he knew it would never be like that again.  He had changed.  And
he couldn't imagine Debbie hadn't changed, too.  "God," he thought,
"why did this have to happen?"
   Lost in thought, he didn't hear his mother approach.
   "Thomas, are you okay?"
   "Er . . .  sure, mom.  I was just thinking."
   "Have you talked to Debbie?"
   "Not yet.  She kinda wanted to talk to Louanne first, so I came out
here."
   "Well, just remember, things do have a way of working themselves
out.  We don't always understand, but God is looking out for us."
   Thomas didn't understand what his mother was talking about.  And he
felt awkward as she hugged him and kissed the top of his head. 
Glancing down the hall, he saw Louanne run from Debbie's room, crying.
   Breaking from his mother's embrace, he hurried toward Louanne.  He
saw her run into Debbie's father's arms.  As he came abreast of
Debbie's room, Debbie called his name.
   "Thomas?"
   He hesitated, torn between going to Louanne and seeing Debbie.  His
mother, having followed him, pushed him toward Debbie's room.  "Go on.
Debbie needs to talk to you.  Don't worry.  Louanne will be alright. 
Go on, now."
   He was confused.  Everyone seemed to know what was going on, but
him.  Debbie again called his name, and he went to her.
   She was sitting on the edge of the bed.  It was obvious that she had
been crying too.  He noticed, for the first time, she wasn't wearing
the standard hospital gown.  Instead she wore a cute yellow baby-doll
nightie.  He could make out the tape binding her ribs.
   And he saw more.  He saw her breasts straining against the thin
fabric, her nipples, dark shadows beneath the pale yellow.  He saw the
tender shape of her thighs as they met, and the mass of pubic hair
contained within her briefs.
   He felt a stirring in his groin, and a twinge of guilt that he
should be having such feeling here and now.  Ashamed, he stood a small
distance from her.  He could not meet her gaze and looked down at his
feet.
   "Please Thomas, don't do that.  Look at me."
   Slowly he lifted his gaze.  Debbie had gotten off the bed and taken
several steps toward him.
   "Am I that ugly, you can't look at me?" she asked.  "Is what I did
so repulsive, you can't stand to see me?"
   "No, that's not it," he stammered.  Feeling even more uncomfortable,
he shifted on his feet.
   "Is it because I'm not a virgin any more?  Because I'm soiled goods,
now?"
   "No.  I wasn't thinking anything like that.  It doesn't matter that
you're not a virgin."
   "You say that now.  But can you still love me?  Will you still love
me, once you know what happened.  Once you know what I did."
   "You didn't do anything.  It was Rodger."
   "No it wasn't, not completely.  I guess I'm as much to blame as he
is."
   "No!  How can you say that.  You're just upset and don't know what
you're talking about."
   "I know what I'm talking about.  I've been lying here for the past
two days, thinking about nothing else.  I wanted him to do it.  Not
like he did, but I wanted him to fuck me just the same."
   "I don't understand," Thomas explained, confused.  "And I don't
think you do, either.  It's just a reaction to what happened.  Anyhow.
let's not talk about it now.  I just want to be with you."
   "We have to talk about it now.  We won't have another chance."
   "What do you mean we won't have another chance?  We can talk all you
want, once you're home."
   "No, we won't.  But I don't want to talk about that now.  Right now
I want to tell you what happened.  I want you to know how it happened. 
I need you to know."
   Thomas was frightened by the urgency in her voice.
   Debbie stood there, her arms held out to him.  "Hold me please?"
   He went to her, and wrapped his good arm around her.  She hugged him
tightly to her, his cast caught between them.
   "Kiss me?"
   He kissed her lightly on the cheek.
   "No, damn it.  Kiss me!" she said, turning her face until their lips
met.
   He lightly brushed his lips against hers, afraid of hurting her. 
But she was not satisfied.  She crushed her mouth against his, her
tongue forcing it's way into his mouth.
   He was aware of her breasts crushed against his chest.  Her hips
ground against his.  Her hands grasped his buttocks and pulled him even
tighter against her.  His penis hardened in reaction, and
unconsciously, his hand went to her breast.
   Breaking the kiss, she moaned, "God, that feels good.  If you only
knew how much it means to me to feel like this again.  Without pain. 
Without fear.  Please, don't stop holding me like this."
   "I'll always hold you like this," he replied."
   "If it could only be," she said cryptically.  "But we don't have
much time.  I still need to tell you what happened."
   "I don't know why you keep saying that.  We have all the time we
need.  And I really don't want to know what happened."
   "You have to.  I want you to understand, so you don't go on blaming
yourself.  There was nothing you could have done to prevent what happened."
   Thomas started to protest, but Debbie covered his mouth with hers. 
They kissed passionately, their tongues performing a sensual dance.
   Once again breaking the kiss, Debbie continued, "I wanted it to
happen.  No, let me finish before you say anything.  It started out
innocently enough.  I just wanted Lou and him to get back together.  I
knew she still loved him.  What I didn't know was how crazy he was."
   "I've been spending a lot of time with social workers and therapists
here.  And, I've come to realize that I have some problems I still need
to work on.  And they are not all related to the rape."
   "I guess I really knew what I was doing, but I refused to admit it
to myself.  Being popular meant a lot to me.  I would do just about
anything so I could be popular.  I used sex.  I refused to realize that
by doing so, I was gaining a reputation of being easy, instead of
becoming more popular."
   "I couldn't see, no that's not right, I refused to see that the guys
only went out with me as long as I gave them what they wanted.  And
once they got all I'd give them, they dropped me for other girls, good
girls."
   "You were the first guy I ever went out with who wasn't popular. 
And even then, I felt I had to use sex to keep you.  Oh, I know you
swore it didn't matter.  But I was afraid I'd lose you otherwise."
   "But then this thing happened with Lou and Rodger.  And suddenly, I
started dreaming of what it would be like if I was going out with
Rodger.  I even fantasized that he and I made love.  I was so sure that
if I did all the things he couldn't get Louanne to do, he would fall
madly in love with me."
   "And then he met me after school on wednesday to set up our meeting
to discuss his problem with Lou.  It was incredible.  I turned him on. 
Me!  He fought for control.  He thought I expected something in return
for my help.  I didn't.  Not then anyways.  But that night, I dreamed
he made love to me, and I wanted it bad."
   "And then Thursday . . ."
   Thomas felt a shiver run through her body as she remembered.  He
clasped her more tightly and waited for her to continue.
   "When we first got there, he was so sweet.  And when we touched, it
was everything that I had dreamed about.  If he hadn't gone crazy, I
would have let him do anything he wanted, willingly.  God, I wanted to. 
I might have even made love to Dale, too, if Rodger had asked."
   "That's why I'm as much to blame as he is for what happened.  If I
hadn't tried to come on to him like that, if I hadn't wanted him so
much, maybe none of this would have happened.  I can understand if you
hate me.  I deserve it."
   Thomas was shocked by Debbie's confession.  His feelings were in a
turmoil.  She had wanted to make love to Rodger, even though she said
she was in love him.  He was angry.  She had betrayed him.
   But he remembered how he had imagined what it would be like with
Louanne.  Wasn't it almost the same thing?  True, he never did anything
about it, where as Debbie did.  But had she really?  Wasn't it still
Rodger who was to blame?
   "We all dream about someone else," he thought.  "But we don't
usually get the chance to test our dreams.  Rodger knew Debbie was my
girlfriend.  And he was supposed to be trying to get back with Lou."
   Thomas remembered the conversation he had overheard between Rodger
and Dale.  He suddenly realized Rodger had planned everything right
from the beginning.  Rodger played upon Debbie's weakness.  He didn't
want Debbie's help to get back with Louanne.  He wanted Debbie.
   "I think you're just confused," Thomas said, stroking her hair. 
"Someday, you'll realize, that despite what you thought you wanted, it
was really Rodger who was to blame.  He simply used you, and your
feelings.  I don't hate you.  I love you.  And I always will."
   Tears streamed down Debbie's cheek as she buried her face in his
neck.
   "Oh, Tommy. If only I wasn't going away.  I need you so much."
   "Going away?" he exclaimed.  "When ? Where?"
   "That's what I didn't want to tell you.  I'm leaving tomorrow.  The
doctors say I'm okay enough to travel.  My father has arranged for me
to go live with my aunt in California.  They even arranged for me to
continue therapy out there.  Dad'll follow as soon as he can get a
transfer to his company's plant out there."
   Thomas looked at her in disbelief.  But before he could say
anything, his mother came to the door.
   "Thomas, we have to be leaving soon.  Don't want to over-tire Debbie
now, do we?"
   "Just a few minutes more, please?" Debbie asked.  "I'm not tired,
and I still have some things to say to Thomas."
   "Well, okay, if you're sure you're feeling okay.  But we still have
to be getting home soon."
   Debbie waited until Mrs. Wright had left them alone.  Thomas started
to speak, but she hushed him.
   "Look, we don't have much time.  I want you to do something for me."
   "You can't leave.  Not now.  What about us?" Thomas protested.
   "There isn't any us any more.  I've got to go away, and you've got
to continue your life here.  I don't like it, but we aren't being given
a choice.  I'll write to you.  And maybe someday, I'll come back to
visit you and Lou."
   "But I really don't want to live here any more.  Not with people
looking at me, and remembering what happened.  I need some place new. 
Some place where I can get my life back together again.  Some place
where I can start trying to change the way I am."
   "I love you too, Thomas.  But I can't stay here.  So the first thing
you have to do for me, is let me go.  Leaving is hard enough.  Knowing
you're upset only makes it worse."
   "I can't do that.  I don't want you to leave.  Oh, I realize why you
have to leave.  And maybe another time, I'd even agree with you.  But
it ain't fair."
   "Well, I've learned that a lot of things in life ain't fair," Debbie
replied, gently.  "But I need to hear you say I can leave.  I need to
hear you say you want me to leave."
   Thomas fought the tears he knew were starting.  He understood Debbie
would never get better mentally unless she left.  Reluctantly, he said,
"Yes, you should leave here.  I want you to leave if that's what it
takes for you to be happy, again."
   Debbie hugged him and said, "Thank you.  And there is one other
thing I want you to promise."
   "Please, Debbie.  No more. I don't think I can agree to more."
   "Just this.  Louanne.  She's suffered as much as the rest of us. 
She loved him.  And she thinks she's to blame for what happened, too."
   "Lou?  But she didn't do anything."
   "You know that.  And I know that.  But she thinks that if she had
let Rodger do what he wanted with her, he wouldn't have done what he
did to me."
   "I already told her that was ridiculous.  If she hadn't refused him,
it might have been her, instead of you."
   "Look, Lou has her problems, too.  She only ever had one good
relationship, and he moved away before it really started.  She's never
known how beautiful it can be between two people.  Like it was with
us."
   "Okay, so she's as screwed up as the rest of us.  What can I do
about that?"
   "I want you to show her how beautiful it can be."
   "What?  You want me to do what?"
   "I want you to do to her what you and I did.  I want you to do more,
I want you to make love to her.  Show her how gentle it can be.  Show
her what it's like to experience an orgasm, not once, but many times. 
I want you to show her that there are guys out there who really do
care.  That there are guys out there who can be loving, and not just
selfish."
   "I can't do that.  I mean . . ."
   "I'm asking you to do this because you love me.  I love both of you. 
And I want both of you to be happy."
   "I can't, Debbie.  You can't know what you're asking me to do.  It
isn't something you just turn on or off."
   "I know you find her attractive.  It can't be that hard.  Just think
about it.  Louanne promised she would."
   "She would?  You told her about this?  How could you, Debbie?"
   "Please Thomas, don't be angry with me.  This is the last time we'll
see each other for a long time.  I just want us all to be happy."
   "Thomas?  We have to be going," his mother called from the hall.
   "Shit!  There's so much more I want to say," Thomas said.  "What
time are you leaving tomorrow?  I'll try to get here before that."
   "No.  I can't go through saying good-bye a second time.  Please
Thomas, think about what I asked you.  Louanne has my new address. 
Write to me often.  Now give me one last kiss."
   He no longer fought the tears.  He held her as tight as he could,
not wanting to ever let her go.  Their mouths connected, and he lost
himself in their embrace.
   A hand touched his shoulder.  "Please, Thomas, we really have to be
going.  Don't make it any tougher on yourself then it already is."
   He ignored his mother.  But Debbie slowly pushed him away.  His
mother pulled him gently from the room as he tried to cling to Debbie's
hand.  But Debbie wouldn't follow, and he was finally forced to let go.
   Debbie stood there, tears falling like rain down her face.  "Good-
bye Thomas.  I love you.  I'll always love you."
   Thomas broke from his mother's grasp.  He ran toward the elevators,
avoiding Louanne as she reached out to him.  Realizing that the
elevator wasn't anywhere near this floor, he took off for the stairs. 
He tore madly down the stairs, slamming into walls as he rounded each
landing.  He wished the physical pain would somehow blot out the pain
in his heart.
   Reaching the ground floor, he rushed out of the building and started
running.  His mind screamed out his anguish as he continued to punish
his body.  Finally, he could run no more.  He was at last numb. 
Realizing he had run quite some distance from the hospital, he started
walking toward home.
   Confused, he tried to understand what had happened.  He had been so
happy.  Now, he wasn't sure if he would ever feel happy again.  Was it
really only ten days ago, he and Debbie had first met?  Ten days that
had turned his world up side down.  Twice.  Once, when he had fallen in
love.  And now in his loss of her.
   He didn't notice the car, until he heard Louanne calling him. 
Turning, he was surprised to see them.  Slowly, he got in, and sat
there silently.  The others, sensing his hurt, also sat there, saying
nothing.


 -- Chapter Thirty-Four

   He woke early the next morning.  He thought he might be able to walk
to the hospital before Debbie left.  He just had to see her one more
time.
   Quickly getting dressed, he quietly left the house, and started
walking.  Realizing it would take forever to get there at his present
pace, he started to run.  He ignored the pain in his arm, caused by his
feet slamming against the pavement.
   Finally, after an eternity had passed, he arrived at the front of
the hospital.  Entering the building, he went to the information desk
and asked if Debbie had left yet.  The lady answered he had just missed
her.  He ran back outside and headed for the parking lot.
   Just as he turned the corner of the building, he saw her father's
car.  It was just turning onto the street and heading away.  He started
running after it.  His heart skipped a beat when he saw it stop at a
traffic light, and he put on a burst of speed.
   He started screaming her name, as he ran.  "Debbie!  Debbie!  DEBBI-
E-E-E!"  Before he had covered half the distance, the light changed,
and the car pulled away.  Frustrated and winded, he came to a halt, his
lungs gulping air.
   He would never be sure it wasn't just his imagination, but he
thought he saw Debbie's face in the car window, her hand raised in
good-bye.  He stood there, long after the car had disappeared from
sight, tears running down his cheeks.
   Not wanting to go home, he started walking.  He wasn't aware of
where he was until he found himself once again in the park.  He quickly
sought the solitude of that private place Debbie had shown him.
   Lying on the pine needles, he relived the memories of the past ten
days.  He remembered her soft smiles, her light laughter.  The feel of
her hair against his face, and the warmth of her embrace.  Alone, he
allowed all the pain and loneliness to wash over him, to cleanse his
tortured heart.
   He must have fallen asleep, because the next think he knew he was
being gently shaken awake.
   "Thomas.  Thomas, are you okay?"
   Opening his eyes, he only saw a darkened silhouette against the
bright mid-day sky.  It took a moment before he recognized the voice.
   "Thomas, are you okay?"
   "Hi Lou.  Guess I fell asleep.  What are you doing here?"
   Louanne helped him to a sitting position, taking care not to hurt
his arm.  "Your mother is frantic, worrying about you.  She's called my
house at least a dozen times this morning, wanting to know if you had
shown up at our place."
   "I didn't mean to upset her.  I tried to see Debbie before she left. 
But I was too late.  After, I just wanted to be alone.  How did you
know about this place, and that I'd be here?"
   "Oh, I've know about this place for a long time.  Debbie and I
really didn't keep secrets from one another.  And I remembered the time
we first went to see Debbie in the hospital.  You had taken off by
yourself somewhere that morning, too."
   "I remembered thinking you had probably come here when I noticed the
pine needles in your hair that day.  So I thought I'd check this place
out today, in case you came here again.  And here you are."
   "Well, I guess I had better get home and let my mother know I'm
okay.  I didn't mean to cause everyone so much trouble.  I just needed
to be alone for awhile.  I needed some time to sort of my thoughts and
feelings."
   "That's okay.  It wasn't any trouble for me.  Matter of fact, I've
been wanting to talk to you."
   Thomas suddenly remembered Debbie asking him to make love to
Louanne.  He had hoped he could avoid Louanne, but realized that sooner
or later, the topic had to come up.
   "Look, Lou.  I know what Debbie wants us to do, but I . . ."
   "No.  Please.  Let me go first," she interrupted him.  "Debbie told
me what she was going to ask you to do.  She made me promise that I
would do it.  Allow you to make out with me.  She also made me promise
to make love to you, since she wouldn't be here to do it herself."
   "But she can't make you do any of that," Thomas protested.
   "Okay, maybe make me is the wrong expression.  But it doesn't
matter.  I want to.  For what you did for her.  And for what you did
for me."
   "Did for you?  I didn't do anything for you.  Hell, I didn't do much
for Debbie, for that matter.  I didn't stop what happened.  I didn't do
anything."
   "That's not true.  Even before that terrible thing happened, you did
a lot for her.  You showed her she could be someone special.  You
showed her how beautiful it could be to be loved."
   "Oh, so now you admit that I might have loved her?  I wasn't just
trying to use her?  Or just after sex?"
   "Okay, so I was wrong.  I admit it.  But I really care for Debbie,
and was afraid you were like all the other guys she had seen.  I didn't
want her to be hurt, that's all."
   "Well, it doesn't really matter any more, does it?" Thomas asked
bitterly.  "She was hurt.  God, was she hurt.  But she's gone now.  And
whether I really love her, or not, doesn't make much difference now."
   "That's not true.  Your loving her does make a difference.  She
knows you still love her, and knowing that someone can still love her
will help her get over this faster.  And, in a way, your love for
Debbie made a difference to me, too."
   "To you?  I don't understand," Thomas said.
   "Yes, to me.  It showed me real love is possible.  Not just the
kinda thing I had with Rodger.  But something special, like you and
Debbie have.  It kinda helps me believe there's still hope for me,
too."
   Thomas didn't know what to say.  He got up and brushed off his
clothing.  As an after thought, he ran his hand through his hair.
   "Look, I just wanted to say, that I am willing to do what Debbie
asked us to do.  You just tell me when.  That is if you want to?"
Louanne said, her eyes downcast.
   "Look, Lou.  I think you're a good looking girl and all, but I just
can't do it.  It doesn't seem right.  I mean, I love Debbie and . . ."
   "Hey, that's okay," snapped Louanne.  "We wouldn't want you to do
anything you didn't feel right about.  I think you better hurry up and
get home, before your mother calls the cops, or something."
   Before Thomas could say anything, Louanne left the grove of trees,
leaving him alone.  He thought she was angry, but couldn't understand
what happened to make her that way.  Must simply be his confused state
of mind.
   He went home.  He sat quietly through his mother's lecture about
missing church services, and how such things would surely send his soul
to Hell.  He realized her anger was simply hiding her fear.  He made a
special effort to be extra helpful around the house.


 -- Chapter Thirty-Five

   Even though he knew Debbie wouldn't be there, his heart felt a
twinge of pain when he saw Louanne waiting at the corner, alone. 
Actually, after the way Louanne had acted yesterday, he was a bit
surprised to see her waiting.
   "Hi, Tommy.  Thought we could still walk to school together.  If you
don't mind, that is."
   "Why should I mind?  Actually, it's nice to have someone to talk
to."
   "Well, after yesterday, I wasn't sure if you'd even want to see me
again.  Are you coming over tonight to tutor me, still?"
   "Of course, I'm still tutoring you.  Why wouldn't I?  You still need
help in history.  And about yesterday, I don't know what I did to get
you so upset, but I'm sorry."
   "Oh, forget it.  Just forget it, okay!" Louanne snapped.
   "What did I do now?" he thought.  "She's angry with me again, just
like yesterday."
   But he was afraid to ask Louanne what was bothering her.  Instead,
he said, "Are you ready for the history test today?"
   "I dunno.  I tried to study last night, but I had trouble keeping my
mind on the subject."
   "Well, we can review the stuff now.  And if you want, we can meet at
lunchtime to go over it again."
   "I dunno about lunchtime.  We'll see.  But maybe you can explain to
me what the economical effects of the second crusades had to do with
the lessening of the monarchy powers."
   They continued to school, reviewing the subject they would be tested
on later that day.

                                  --- *** ---

   At lunchtime, Thomas looked for Louanne.  But she was nowhere to be
found.  He felt disappointment, but wasn't sure why.  Maybe he had just
become use to seeing her with Debbie so often.
   The test in history wasn't any challenge for him.  He quickly
finished, and found himself staring at Louanne's back.  He wondered how
she was making out with the test.  When he realized that he was staring
at the way her hair seemed to curl upon the nape of her neck, he
quickly looked away.
   He walked her home, making sure they only discussed the test.  And
said he'd see her later that evening to continue their studying.
   He felt uncomfortable when he came over later, and was happy when he
at last left.  Later that night, as he read a book, he kept having
visions of Louanne.
   "This is ridiculous," he thought.  "She's only a friend.  Nothing
more."  But sleep was a long time coming that night.
   The next two days passed in the same manner.  He walked her to and
from school each day.  He never saw her at lunchtime.  And each night,
he spent two hours with her going over class work for history.  And the
time he did spend with her was making him feel more uncomfortable.
   Thursday was the same.  At least it was until history class.  They
were given back the test they had taken on monday.  He got his usual
A+.  He wondered what mark Louanne received.  It must have been good,
because Mrs. Whalen had said something to Louanne about being very
pleased.
   After class, he made his way to the door of the classroom.  Louanne
was waiting, obviously excited.  Before he could ask what mark she had
gotten, she wrapped her arms around him and gave him a kiss on the
cheek.
   "I got a B+.  Me!  A B+!  I can't believe it.  Oh Tommy, thank you. 
Thank you so much!"
   Thomas was having trouble balancing his school books in one arm, as
his cast was caught between him and Louanne.  And he was kinda
embarrassed by her actions.  But he finally managed to break away from
her.
   "Good for you.  See, I told you, you could do it.  I guess you can't
wait to show the test to your mother."
   Walking home, he found he enjoyed her excited babble.  She never
stopped for a minute, talking about how proud her mother was going to
be, and how she would do even better on the next test.  He was sorry he
wouldn't be there to see Mrs. Raster's reaction, but he had promised
his mother he'd start dinner early today, since she had to go out that
night.  Something about a meeting at the church.
   Later that evening he arrived at Louanne's house.  She met him at
the door with a cake.  The words 'Thanks Thomas' were written on it.
   "Mom was so proud when she saw that test.  She insisted we bake you
this cake as a way to say thanks for all your help.  We didn't know
what your favorite flavour was, so we made mine, instead.  She had to
go out tonight, but she said I wasn't to eat it all myself.  So you're
gonna have to help me."
   "Well, I'll have a piece, sure.  But I don't think I can eat too
much of it.  I'm still kinda stuff from dinner."
   "Oh, goody," Louanne said, with a mischievous grin.  "I'll just have
to make the supreme sacrifice, and pig out on the rest."
   Laughing at her antics, Thomas allowed Louanne to lead him down to
the basement.  She had already laid out plates and stuff on the coffee
table in front of the couch.  Once Thomas was seated, she cut him a
large piece of cake, and handed it to him.
   "Shit, I forget the drinks.  I'll be right back," Louanne said,
running up the stairs.
   Thomas was having trouble eating.  With only one good hand, it was
difficult balancing the plate on his legs, and trying to cut a piece
with his fork at the same time.
   Louanne returned with the drinks.  Seeing his predicament, she said,
"Oh poor baby.  Here, let mommy help you."
   Flopping down on the couch next to him, she nearly cause him to
knock the plate from his lap.  Taking the fork from his hand, she took
a large piece of cake and brought it to his mouth.
   "Choo-Choo.  Here comes the train.  Now open the tunnel," she said
as she pushed the cake against his mouth.
   Thomas opened his mouth wide and Louanne forced the cake in.  In the
process, some of the icing smeared on his chin.  Before Thomas had a
chance to  swallow what he already had in his mouth, Louanne held
another piece in front of his face.
   "Here comes the airplane.  Better open the hangar doors, before it
crashes into the mountain side."
   Thomas quickly swallowed and opened his mouth.  Louanne was making
sounds like an airplane as she moved the piece of cake erratically in
front of him.  He tried to turn his head to match her movements, but
she managed to catch his nose with the cake instead.
   "Ouch," Thomas exclaimed as the tines of the fork dug into his
cheek.
   "Oops, sorry.  I had better get rid of the weapon."
   Louanne placed the fork on the table, and tore off another piece of
cake with her fingers.  She raised her hand high and circled the piece
of cake above Thomas' head.
   "Bombing run.  Bombing run.  Open the bomb bay doors," she said
laughingly.
   "Please, Lou.  No more.  I can't eat another bite," Thomas pleaded.
   "You don't like my cake?  After all the trouble I went to make it?"
   "No.  I like it, really I do.  I just can't eat another bite, that's
all."
   Louanne smashed the piece of cake in her hand against his mouth,
squishing it across his chin.  "Not good enough, is it?" she said,
laughing.
   "I'll get you for that one," Thomas said, grabbing a piece of cake
and pushing it into Louanne's face.
   "No more.  I give," she exclaimed trying to wipe the cake off her
face.
   "Ha!  You can dish it out, but can't take it.  Now, it's my turn. 
Let's see how much cake you can eat."
   He tore off another piece, and forced it between her lips.  Before
she swallowed it, he pushed another piece in.  Louanne tried to avoid
his fingers by turning her face away, but he simply smeared the cake on
whatever part of her face he came in contact with.
   Soon her face was covered in cake and icing.  His plate was empty. 
He sat there laughing as she tried to wipe the cake off herself.  She'd
wipe off some icing and then lick it off her fingers.
   "Gotta admit, that was good cake," she said, grinning.  "Here let me
help you clean that mess off your face."
   She took a napkin and started to wipe his chin.  Leaning closer, she
licked some icing off his nose.
   "Yum.  That's tastes good.  And we sure don't want all this yummy
icing to go to waste," she said as she continued licking his face.
   Soon her licks turned to kisses.  Thomas sat there, uncertain what
to do.  He didn't want to offend her.  But when she covered his mouth
with hers, he couldn't take any more.
   Pushing her away, he said, "Please, Lou.  Don't.  Don't ruin this."
   She reacted as if he had slapped her.  She looked hard at him for a
moment, and then moved away.  She sat at the other end of the couch,
and starting crying.
   "Damn, why do they always have to cry like that," he thought.
   "Please Lou.  Don't cry.  I'm sorry, but I can't.  I just can't do
anything like that."
   "Oh don't worry.  It's not your fault," she said.  "It's me."
   "You?" Thomas asked.
   "Yeah, me.  I don't know what it is, but somehow I always end up
screwing things up.  Either I scare them away like you and Gary.  Or I
drive them crazy like Rodger."
   "Hey, you had nothing to do with Rodger ending up like that."
   "Didn't I?  If I could have found a way to keep him satisfied, he
wouldn't have done what he did."
   "Stop that!  We've already had this talk.  Rodger was sick for a
long time.  You're just lucky you weren't the victim."
   "Yeah, I wasn't even good enough for a sicko.  I end up scaring them
all away from me."
   "Listen to yourself.  You're actually upset because Rodger didn't
get funny with you?  And you aren't scaring me away.  It's just that I
can't do something like that, on demand.  And I don't know about your
relationship with this Gary, but I thought you two stopped seeing one
another because his family moved away.  That doesn't sound like you
scared him away."
   "Now you're sounding like Debbie.  She always said my problem was I
couldn't let myself go.  That I was too uptight, too inhibited.  As if
sex was the answer to everything.  Look where it got her."
   "That's not fair.  Sex, normal sex, had nothing to do with what
happened to her.  But you're right, sex is not the answer to
everything.  God, I can't believe I'm saying this.  Before Debbie, I
never had sex.  Now, all of a sudden, I'm an expert?"
   "But Debbie said you were the best.  That with you, it was something
really beautiful."
   "Well, it was for me.  I don't know that I'm any different from
other guys.  Everything I did with Debbie was the first time for me. 
She knew so much more than I did.  She was the one who showed me what
to do.  I just tried to do it right, that's all.  I did it to make her
feel good, make her feel happy."
   "Sounds to me like that would make you different from most guys I
know.  Rodger was only interested in what I could do for him.  He
didn't care if I had needs too.  Even Gary was that way.  And the few
guys I dated before Rodger only wanted to grab a free feel.  Debbie was
lucky finding you."
   "I can't speak for other guys.  But I can't see why they'd want to
be that way.  I mean, if I learned one thing from Debbie, it was the
happier I made her, the harder she tried to make me happy in return."
   "And why can't you do the same for me?"
   "You don't understand.  I love Debbie.  And you're her best friend. 
It isn't right."
   "You didn't love her the first time you two made out.  I bet you
didn't even really like her that much, the first time, did you?"
   "Well no.  Actually I was kinda frightened of her the first night. 
She came on so strong, and so fast, I didn't know what was happening. 
And the feelings.  God, it felt so wonderful."
   "So why can't we do the same things?"
   "You still don't understand.  I admit I liked the sex, and the
pleasure.  But I also learned it becomes even better when you like the
person.  And it becomes something else completely when you love the
person.  To go back to having just sex, kinda cheapens everything.  I
couldn't do that to you, or myself."
   Louanne got up from the couch, and stood in front of him.  "Do you
like me?"
   "Sure.  But that isn't the same."
   "Do you find me attractive?"
   Thomas felt himself blush, remembering the thoughts he had of
Louanne, and turned his face from her.
   "Do you think I'm too small?" she said, indicating her breasts. 
Touching her hips, she added, "Too skinny?  Am I really that ugly?"
   "No.  You're not ugly."
   "But you don't find me attractive."
   "You're very attractive.  That's has nothing to do with it."
   "Then what's the problem?  You said you had to like the person.  And
you admit you like me.  You like the way I look.  What else do you
need?"
   "You're her best friend.  Don't you understand?  I love her.  How
could I do something with her best friend?"
   "Thomas, this is hard on both of us, but she's gone.  She ain't
never coming back.  We only have each other left.  But that isn't it
either.  I want to do this for me.  Not because she asked us to do it. 
But because I have to find out if there's something wrong with me.  Or,
like Debbie said, I've just been unlucky in meeting the right guy."
   Thomas looked up at her.  God, she was beautiful.  The way her hair
framed her face, giving her an impish quality.  Her eyes, so big and
round, as if she looked in wonder at all she saw.  Her small mouth,
with those full lips he wished he could taste.  He wanted to say
something, but he seemed to have lost his voice.
   "I don't want us to do this because Debbie asked us to.  I don't
want her presence here interfering.  I want this to be something just
for us.  No, that's not true either.  I want this for myself, just
myself.  I want to just once know what it supposed to feel like."
   Taking his hand, she pulled him from the couch.  "I don't care if
it's cheap.  Just do it for me, please Thomas?"


 -  Chapter Thirty-Six

   Thomas stood facing Louanne, his eyes held captive by hers.  He
didn't move as her face came closer.  He realized that he wanted this
as much as she did.  And he knew it could never be cheap
   Her lips brushed against his, sending a shiver through his body. 
His lips parted as her tongue pushed between them.  He couldn't help
chuckling as he tasted icing on her lips.  But Louanne didn't seem to
have heard.
   Their bodies never touched, just their mouths.  He tried to be
gentle, not wanting to frighten her, but he could feel himself
reacting.  At first, he found himself comparing kissing Louanne to
kissing Debbie.  But when he felt Louanne's hand on his chest, all
thoughts of Debbie disappeared.
   He wrapped his good arm around her, and pulled her closer.  He broke
the kiss so he could explore her face with his lips and tongue.  He
loved the texture of her small button nose, and playfully, he gave it a
little nip.
   Louanne pulled his mouth back to hers and kissed him.  Her hand went
to his shirt and unbuttoned it.  After pulling it from his pants, she
tried to push it off his shoulders, but the cast got in the way. 
Thomas helped her pull the sleeve over the cast.
   Louanne's hands returned to exploring his chest.  Her mouth closed
on one of his nipples, and he involuntarily drew in a deep breath.  He
could feel his now erect penis straining against the confines of his
pants.
   Louanne's hands dropped to his belt. She tugged on it until she had
it open.  She then opened his pants and pushed them downward.  Thomas
reached out to touch her breast.  He marvelled at how firm it felt
through her clothing.  He reached down and tried to pull her top up.
   "No!" Louanne said.  "Not yet."
   She dropped to her knees in front of him and removed his shoes and
socks.  She then pulled hi pants free.  She slowly lowered his briefs
revealing his shaft, fully aroused.  Thomas quickly stepped out of them
and kicked them aside.  He tried to reach out to caress her hair, but
Lou simply moved away.
   She reached out and grasped his enlarged shaft.  One hand cupped his
testicles as if she was weighing them.  She lightly ran a finger tip
along the length of his penis.  Then she sat back on her heels to
watched it quiver in response.
   Thomas' breathing was becoming more rapid.  His heart pounded
against his ribs.  He tried to swallow, but it was as if his throat had
turned into a arid desert.  He wanted to feel her.  He wanted to feel
her flesh pressed hard against his.
   Louanne stood, and moved away from him.  She kicked off her shoes. 
Then grabbing her top, she slowly pulled it over her head.  She reached
back and undid her bra, letting it slowly fall away from her breasts. 
She gently lifted them as if offering them to him.  When she let them
go, he enjoyed the way they seemed to giggle unrestrained.
   She undid her pants, and lowered them to her feet.  She stepped out
of them and kicked them aside.  She stood in front of him, clad only in
her panties.
   "Turn around," she said to him.  "I want to see all of you."
   Thomas felt foolish, but things had gone too far for him to refuse
now.  He slowly turned in circle.  Once he was fully around, he saw her
lying on the floor, totally naked.  Her eyes never left him as she
motioned him to come to her.
   He stood at her feet, his eyes drinking her in.  From her small, but
firm, breasts to her auburn covered vagina, she was absolutely perfect. 
He took a deep breath, trying to steady his shaking legs.  He sank to
his knees at her feet, waiting for her to make the next move.
   She raised her hands to him, saying, "Show me.  Show me how
beautiful it can be.  Please?"
   He scrambled on his knees until he was beside her.  He lowered
himself down, and cursed his damn broken arm for being so useless. 
Using his good arm to prop himself up, trying to keep the cast out of
his way, he leaned over and started kissing her face.
   He loved the feel of her hair against his cheek.  He lightly kissed
her forehead, and moved down to pay homage to those eyes.  He tried to
cup her face with his hand, but he had to hold the cast in an awkward
position.
   He continued his journey down her face.  He wished he could use his
hands, but the one with the cast was useless.  And he need to prop
himself up with his good arm.  He wondered if Louanne cared.  She just
lay there, her eyes closed, her hands at her side.  Well, he'd do best
he could.
   His mouth found hers, and his tongue lightly traced its outline. 
Her lips parted when they felt his tongue.  But he merely teased,
moving his tongue rapidly in and out, avoiding contact with her tongue. 
She raised her head slightly.  But he moved away from those lips and
kissed her chin.
   His mouth moved to her neck and he fell in love with the small
hollow at its base.  The silky texture added to the sweet taste.  He
lightly ran the tip of his tongue out one shoulder, and then the other,
only to return to that special little hollow.
   He squirmed his body down lower so he could reach her chest.  Again
his tongue and lips caressed and teased her flesh.  He avoided her
nipples until he could no longer restrain himself.
   He lightly touched a nipple with the tip of his tongue.  A slight
shiver was the first indication he had that Louanne was feeling
anything.  To make sure it wasn't just his imagination, he again
flicked his tongue against the nipple.  Again he felt her shiver.
  He moved his attention to the other nipple, and did the same thing. 
Louanne arched her back, pushing her breast upward against his mouth. 
He took the nipple into his mouth and gently sucked it.  His tongue
lashed it rapidly, and he could feel it grow in his mouth.  He
continued to lavish attention on this tender morsel, until he heard
soft moan.
   He became more aggressive in his attention to her breasts.  He took
whole mouthfuls of her flesh and sucked it.  He pressed his face hard
against her tender skin, unable to get enough of the feel of her.  His
teeth gently nipped her flesh, and his tongue covered it in moisture.
   Louanne was no longer lying still. Her body squirmed beneath him as
soft moans escaped her*  Her hands wrapped themselves in his hair as
she pressed his face tighter against her breasts.
   Thomas was content to stay where he was forever.  But soon he felt
Louanne pushing him further downward.  His mouth let a trail of burning
kisses as it crossed over her stomach.  He stayed his travel
momentarily to pay homage to her delicate navel.  But Louanne's
impatience didn't allow him to stay there longer.
   Again he was forced to reposition his body.  He lay with his face on
her thigh.  His mouth kissed and tasted her firm thighs.  He was amazed
at how smooth her flesh was.  But again, Louanne did not allow him to
dally, as she pulled his head higher.  He found himself staring at her
vagina.
   He smelt her musk, and was happy to know she was aroused.  He tasted
her hair and enjoyed the silkiness.  Louanne widened her legs, and
pulled on his hair until his face was buried between them.
   Thomas slipped his good arm underneath her hips and raised her until
she had to turn sideways.  Lowering himself onto his back, he pulled on
her thigh until she forced to straddle his face.  Now at least, he was
able to use his hand.
   He reached up and grasped her buttocks, forcing her lower, until his
mouth connected with her vagina.  He forced his tongue between her
vaginal lips, and took a long, slow lick, covering as much of the hot,
pulsating flesh as he could.
   "Oh . . .God . . . yes!" Louanne groaned.  She ground her vagina
hard against his mouth.
   Spurred on by her reaction, Thomas rapidly moved his tongue in and
out as Louanne moved her hips in response.  He reached up and grasped a
breast with his good hand, kneading it.  His tongue moved upward and
found her clit.
   Gently at first, and then more aggressively, he flicked his tongue
across the little pearl of flesh.  When it became larger and more
rigid, he took it into his mouth and sucked it.  But his tongue never
stopped its attack on it.
  Louanne grabbed his hand and squeezed it tightly against her breast. 
Her breathing was ragged as she whimpered, "Oh yes.  Please just a
little more. God, I'm going crazy."
  Thomas wouldn't have quit for anything.  He felt her thighs tighten
against his face.  He tried to bury his face deeper between her legs. 
Her hips were thrashing now, and he was forced to remove his hand from
her breast and hold on to her waist.
   "Yes.  Yes!  My God, it's happening," Louanne cried out as Thomas
felt her vaginal muscles contract.  He continued kissing and licking
her clit until she finally stopped moving.  Even then, he didn't stop
until she rolled off him.
   He raised himself on his good arm,  and looked at her.  Louanne lay
on her back, her legs squeezed tightly together, her chest heaving.  He
moved until he was level with her face, leaned over and kissed her. 
Her arms wrapped around him, pulling him on top of her.
   "Are you okay?" he asked her.
   "Oh god, yes.  Is it always like that?"
   "I dunno.  Debbie always seem to think it was pretty good.  Did it
really feel good to you?"
   "I've never felt anything like it.  It's like my whole body has
turned to rubber.  I don't think I can even move.  Not that I want to. 
I can still feel the spasms in my legs when I squeeze them together. 
God, you were good.  Now I know why Debbie was so madly in love with
you."
   Thomas blushed.  He liked doing it okay, but afterward, all the
girls seemed to want to talk about was how good he was.  Hell, other
guys had to be doing the same thing, didn't they?
   "Do you think we could do it again?" Louanne asked.
   "Sure.  If you want to," Thomas said, kissing her.
   "Can we do just that?  I mean, it feels good when you kiss me all
over, but . . ."
   "Hey, whatever you want," Thomas said, laughing.  "Just hope I
haven't spoiled you for other things."
   "Well, I like the other things to start.  But I'm still hot from the
first time, and . . ."
   "Don't worry.  Debbie liked me doing just that too.  Nothing wrong
with it.  But do you mind if I lie down again.  It's kinda difficult
with the cast, otherwise."
   Louanne slowly raised herself into a sitting position.  Smiling, she
said, "Oh, you can just lie there, like that.  I'll just get myself
into a more comfortable position, too.
   She placed her hands on either side of his head and moved until she
was sitting on his chest.  Thomas was having a difficult time breathing
with her weight, and was happy when she raised herself to her knees.
   "No, that won't work.  Here, let me try this way," she said as she
crawled over Thomas' head.
   He followed her with his eyes and watched as she turned around. 
Again she crawled over him, stopping to lower her head to kiss his
mouth.  Before Thomas could react, she moved on until her hips were
above his face.
   "This should be better," she said, as she spread her legs wider and
slowly lowered her hips.
   Thomas watched her vagina descend.  Opening his mouth wide, and
raising his head, he met her downward motion with his tongue.  Louanne
gasped at the first contact as he pushed his tongue deep within her
vaginal opening.
   "Oh god, yes.  Just like that," she moaned.
   He needed no encouragement.  His hand cupped her buttocks and drew
them down as he lowered his head to the floor.  She was still wet from
before, and he could feel her slickness cover his mouth.  His tongue
sought her clit.
   "No, please not that.  Not yet.  I want to feel your mouth first.  I
want your tongue in me.  I want you to . . . er . . . I want . . ."
   Louanne hesitated, as if she was uncertain how to say what she
wanted him to do.  Thomas took this opportunity to shove his tongue
deep inside her.  He moved his rigid tongue rapidly in and out.  A low
moan from Louanne confirmed to him that was what she wanted.
   "Yes!  Yes.  Fuck me with it.  Fuck me with your tongue," she
groaned as her hips moved up and down, matching the rhythm of his
tongue.
   Thomas faltered in his attention to her hot lovebox when he felt
hands grasp his shaft.  It was his turn to moan.  She continued to milk
his shaft as she rubbed her vagina against his working mouth.
   Thomas couldn't take much more.  It had been too long since he had
any relief.  And all this playing with Louanne was driving him beyond
the point of no return.
   Suddenly, he felt a warm mouth swallow his swollen gland.  Louanne
shifted above him until his mouth was over her clit.  He immediately
started licking the little knob as his hips lifted off the floor.
   Louanne's tongue was driving him crazy.  He matched her lick for
lick, as he felt his testicles swell.  Knowing he couldn't last much
longer, he threw himself into bringing her to orgasm.
   The room filled with their moans, and the wet slurping sounds of
their love-making.  Thomas ignored the discomfort caused by Louanne's
thighs tightening against his face, as she pressed her clit tighter
against his mouth.
   He felt the molten fluid burst upward and out his throbbing shaft,
but he dared not stop his ministrations to her clit.  He could feel
Louanne's throat working hard to swallow as he came.  He cursed himself
for being so weak, for not being able to last until she came, too.
   But he did not have long to wait.  Her mouth still sucking him, she
moved her hips faster.  He could hear her muffled moans grow louder as
she frantically rubbed herself against his mouth.  A shiver seemed to
run through her body as she lifted her head from his lap.
   "Yes.  Yes!  YES!" she cried.
   Her body stilled.  He watched as every muscle in her body went
rigid. He was afraid somehow he had hurt her as she let out a shriek. 
Before he could say anything, she again rubbed her vagina against his
mouth.
   Slowly, she moved so his mouth covered the entire slit.  He showered
kisses all over the hot slick skin, his tongue gently licking the
moisture.
   "No more!" she pleaded, raising her hips from his face.  She moved
until they were face to face, and lowered her lips to his.
   He could see where his semen had dribbled down her chin, and feeling
very wicked, he licked it.  Her tongue licked her own juices from his
chin before she covered his mouth with hers.  His hand went to her firm
breast, and gently kneaded the enlarged nipple.
   They kissed for a long time before finally breaking apart.  Thomas
gazed up into her eyes and was taken back to see tears starting to
form.
   "Are you okay?  Did I hurt you?" he asked, concerned.
   "Everything is beautiful," Louanne replied, almost absentmindedly.
   "They cry when they're sad," he thought, "and they cry when
everything is okay.  How are you ever suppose to understand them?"
   "Well, I'm sorry I didn't have better control," he apologized.
   "Better control?" she asked.
   "Well, yeah," he said, sheepishly.  "I mean, I should have been able
to restrain myself better, and not . . . er . . . cum in your mouth?"
he added timidly.  He was a bit taken back when Louanne started to
laugh.
   "Well, Debbie was right about that, too.  It is a lot less messy
when you swallow it," Louanne said with a big grin.
   "Oh yeah," he teased, "and what else was she right about?"
   "Oh, just that you had the greatest mouth in the world," Louanne
said, kissing him.
   "Okay, okay," he protested, pushing her away.
   Louanne pushed herself up on one arm and looked down at him.  He
felt uncomfortable under her gaze.  He wasn't certain what they should
do next.  He thought he should probably leave, but really didn't want
to.  He was surprised to find that he enjoyed himself as much with
Louanne as he had with Debbie.
   He immediately felt guilty at that thought.  But Debbie had wanted
him to do this, hadn't she?  So he wasn't really cheating on her, was
he?
   "God, you're beautiful," Louanne said as she ran a hand over his
chest.  Thomas squirmed at her touch.  "I thought so ever since the
first time I saw you naked."
   Thomas felt himself blushing, and wished there was somewhere he
could hide.
   "Do you remember teasing me?" she asked.  "When Debbie had to go
answer the phone?"
   Thomas, his voice suddenly gone, managed to shake his head yes.
   "I watched you move, naked, and thought I would faint.  I couldn't
take my eyes off your hand as it milked your cock.  And when you
offered it to me, I had all I could do to keep myself from grabbing
it."
   "And then later, when you grabbed Debbie and started to eat her. 
You knew I was there watching, didn't you?"
   Again, he could do no more then nod his head.
   "God, how I wished it was me you were doing it to.  I had to force
myself up the stairs to get away from you two.  Even up there, all I
could hear were her moans as you drove her crazy."
   "And after you walked around, naked, tempting me.  I hated you at
that moment."  Her hand moved down his chest, across his stomach, until
it held his semi-erect penis.
   "But now, I have you all to myself.  I don't have to restrain myself
any longer.  God, I love it!"
   Bending forward, she kissed the tip of his shaft.  Thomas wasn't
sure how to take what Louanne had just confessed to.  He had dreamed of
her, too.  Had wondered what it would be like with her.
   Her oral attention to his now hardening shaft made it difficult to
think straight.  His hips raised in an effort to push his shaft deeper
between her lips.  Her tongue lashed the head of his shaft as her hands
gently massaged his testicles.  His mind sank beneath the waves of
pleasure, her mouth becoming his entire world.
   Louanne, reluctantly, pushed herself from his lap.  Her hand
lingered for a moment, gently caressing the throbbing  rod, and then
retreated.
   "We still have one more thing to do for Debbie," she said, suddenly
becoming very business-like.  "But I don't want to do it here.  No. 
Not here.  Comon," she said, indicating he should follow her.
   He watched her hurry to the stairs.  He didn't understand what she
was talking about.  Debbie hadn't said anything else to him.  Hadn't he
already made her come twice?  What else did Debbie want them to do?
   "Comon," Louanne called to him, waiting at the foot of the stairs.
   Slowly he got to his feet and went to her.  She took his hand and
led him upstairs.
   "But what if your mother comes home?" he asked, suddenly frightened
by the prospect.
   "Oh, she won't be home for hours yet.  We have all the time we
need."
   Thomas wasn't certain what Louanne had in mind, but felt better
knowing he didn't have to worry about Mrs. Raster walking in on him
like this.  Louanne led him through the kitchen to the dining room. 
She then led him to the second floor.
   "Here we are," she said, pushing him into a room.
   Thomas looked around.  He was in a bedroom.  He assumed it was
Louanne's.  He glanced uncomfortably at the bed.  Louanne motioned him
to the bed.
   "I dunno, Lou," he said.  "Maybe we shouldn't be in here like this."
   "Why not?  I figure it's gotta be a lot more comfortable than the
floor downstairs."
   "But things might happen," he stammered.  "And I wouldn't want to .
. ."
   "I certainly hope things happen," she said with a grin.  "Debbie
made me promise to do what she wasn't able to."
   "I don't understand," he said, afraid he did.
   "Debbie told me she planned on making love to you that friday night. 
But she never had the chance."
   "She couldn't do that.  She was still a virgin," Thomas protested.
   "Yes, she was.  But only because she hadn't found anyone she really
wanted to do it with.  No one that is, until she met you."
   "But you don't do stuff like that before you get married.  It isn't
right!"
   "Oh, you don't, do you?  And what happens if you do?  Do you go to
Hell?" Louanne taunted him.
   "Only bad girls do stuff like that.  Brides of Satan, my mother
calls them."
   "So now I'm a bride of the devil, am I?  You know I'm not a virgin. 
Debbie said she told you about me and Gary."
   "No, I didn't mean that about you.  I . . . er . . ."
   "And you're so holy, too,?  I mean after what you did with Debbie. 
What you did with me, today?  Guess that makes you a bridegroom of the
devil?"
   "Look, I dunno any more," Thomas said, uncertain.  "I know you ain't
suppose to mess around like this.  But it didn't feel wrong when I did
it with Debbie.  I loved her."
   "But it feels wrong with me?  You sure didn't seem to mind when you
came in my mouth earlier."
   "No.  It wasn't like that at all.  I mean . . .
   "Look, I still have one last promise to keep to Debbie.  You can
either get in that bed, or you can leave.  You wanna fuck, or don't
you?"
   Thomas was horrified by the change in her.  He didn't understand why
she was acting this way.  One moment, she really seemed to like him. 
The next, she seemed so cold, so hard.
   He stared at her for a moment, hoping she would say something to
explain what was happening.  She stood there, her chest heaving, and
returned his stare.  It was almost as if she was challenging him to do
something.  If he could only figure out what.
   He turned away from her, and started down the stairs.  He couldn't
do what she was asking.  He simply couldn't.


 -- Chapter Thirty-Seven

   As Thomas descended to the basement to get his clothes, he heard
Debbie's voice.
   "Louanne's suffered as much as the rest of us . . . Lou has her
problems . . . She's never known how beautiful it can be between two
people . . . I want you to make love to her . . . Show her there are
guys out there who can be loving, and not just selfish . . . I'm asking
you to do this because you love me."
   He gathered up his clothing.  Seeing Louanne's clothing nearby, he
bent and picked them up, too.  His mind was in a turmoil.  How could
Debbie expect him to do something like that?
   He saw Louanne lying naked before him.  He remembered the feel of
her body against his.  God, how he wanted her.  But it was wrong.
   "Was it?" he wondered.  "Was it really wrong to give someone else
some happiness?"  He started walking back upstairs, carrying the
clothing.  "Maybe Debbie's right.  It can't be wrong to want to make
someone else happy."
   He went up to Louanne's room.  Entering, he saw her lying on the
bed, sobbing.  Quietly, he walked to her, leaned over, and caressed her
bare back.  He felt her stiffen under his touch.
   "Decided to come back, did you?" she said, refusing to face him.
   "I'm sorry, Lou.  Really I am."
   "You're sorry?  That's a laugh.  What the fuck do you have to be
sorry about?  You did what you promised Debbie you'd do.  You made me
come."
   "I'm sorry I hurt you.  I didn't mean to."
   "Hurt me?  Hell, you couldn't hurt me.  I've been hurt by pros."
   "I know you've been hurt.  And somehow, I want to make that up to
you."
   "Oh, I get it.  You decided you wanted to fuck, after all.  Finally
gonna let that prick do your thinking for you?"
   "No.  I don't wanna fuck as you put it.  But I do want to make love
to you."
   "Make love?  Is that what you call it?  You figure just because you
tell a girl you love her, she's gonna spread her legs for you?  Sure
why not.  So say it.  Tell me you love me."
   "No, I don't love you.  I want to make love to you.  To show you it
can be something special.  Just like Debbie said it could be."
   "Oh, so now you feel sorry for me.  You're gonna fuck me out of
pity?"
   "Yes, I feel sorry for you.  Sorry because you were hurt by all
this.  And I feel sorry for Debbie because of what happened to her. 
And for myself, because I wasn't able to do anything to prevent this
mess.  But now, I can do something.  Something right."
   Louanne turned over and looked up at him.  She wiped the tears from
her eyes as she sat up.  Thomas sat on the bed next to her.
   "I was supposed to do this with you because Debbie wanted me to,"
Thomas added.  "And I couldn't.  But now, I don't want to do it for
her.  I want to do it for you.  And for me."
   "I won't say I love you.  I don't.  I don't even know if I can love
you.  I like you.  A lot.  And I want you.  And I don't care if it's
wrong, or not.  I know I'm scared.  And I think you're scared, too."
   Thomas reached out and caressed her cheek.  Louanne gave a small cry
and wrapped her arms around him.
   "I've never done anything like this.  I don't know exactly what to
do," he continued.  "Oh, I know how it's suppose to be done.  But I
want it to be good for you.  So, you'll have to help me."
   Louanne put her finger to his lips.  "Shush, don't worry.  We can
learn together.  Come lie down here next to me."
   They lay side by side, looking into each other's eyes.  Thomas made
the first move, taking Louanne's breast and bringing it to his lips. 
Lightly, he ran his tongue over the nipple until it responded.
   Louanne reacted by wrapping her fingers in his hair and pushing his
face tighter against her breast.  She gently took his hand and drew it
down between her legs.  He gently fingered her slit, seeking her clit.
   Louanne raised one leg allowing him better access.  She covered the
top of his head with kisses as she squirmed under his touch.  Her hand
sought his penis and gently stroked it.
   Thomas wished he had two good hands, as he raised his face from her
breast and sought her mouth.  He gently forced a finger deep into her
vagina and started moving it in and out.  Louanne sucked on his tongue,
one hand lightly scratching his back, as the other now firmly grasped
his shaft.
   Her hips moved in response to his hand at her vagina.  He could feel
her wetness.  He used his thumb to gently tease her clitoris as his
finger delved deeper into her vaginal opening.
   Louanne threw her leg over his hip, drawing him closer.  Her hand
guided his fully erect member to her pulsating nether lips, pushing his
hand aside.  Slowly, she rubbed his shaft the full length of her
opening.
   Thomas shuddered as her warm, wet vaginal lips seemed to suck the
tip of his shaft deeper.  His hand returned to her breasts as he
smashed his mouth hard against hers.
   They lay clinging to one another.  Thomas found himself gulping for
air, his heart crashing against his rib cage.  It was as if someone had
turn the heat on.  His entire body was on fire.
   Louanne pressed against his shoulder, forcing him to his back.  She
rolled with him until she straddled his hips.  Guiding his shaft to her
opening, she lowered herself slowly.
   Her eyes widened, as she took him completely.  Once he was deep
inside her, she raised herself until only the tip of his swollen gland
was in her.  Then she dropped back on him, taking his full length all
at once.
   Thomas found himself raising his hips in attempt to push himself in
deeper.  The feeling of raw pleasure was like nothing he had ever known
before.  Each time Louanne pushed herself down on him, ripples of
pleasure crashed through his entire body.
   He watched Louanne, her eyes closed.  Her face contorting as she
softly moaned.  She pushed herself upright, her hands pressing hard
against his stomach.  It was as if she had tightened the already vise-
like grip with which her vagina held his penis.
   Slowly she increased the speed of her movements.  Thomas again
raised his hips in rhythm with her.  He raised his hand to her breast. 
Louanne grabbed his hand with both of hers, and pressed it hard against
her chast.
   "Yes.  God, yes," she cried, falling forward.  Her hips crashed
franticly against his, again and again, as her movements became more
urgent.  She buried her face against his neck, as she whimpered, "God,
it's happening again."
   Thomas could no longer match her movements.  He lay there, allowing
her complete control of their lovemaking.  He squirmed uncomfortably as
she bit into his shoulder.
   Louanne pushed herself up, her body slamming back on his shaft.  Her
eyes shut tight, she bit her lip in an attempt to hold back the scream
that was building inside her.
   Thomas felt his testicles contract, and knew he was about to come. 
He rammed himself deeper between her legs, as he was determined to get
every ounce of pleasure he could.
   Thomas's added effort proved too much for Louanne.  Digging her
nails into his chest, she uttered a piercing scream, and slammed down
hard on him.  Thomas continued to thrust into her, his cum erupting
from him.  He thought he'd never stop cumming.
   At last, their movements slowed.  Louanne again fell upon him, her
lips kissing his chest, her hands touching, rubbing him.  He lay there,
exhausted.  It was his turn to feel as if his limbs had turned to
rubber.  He had no idea it could be this good.
   Louanne lifted her face from his chest, and gave him an impish
smile.  "Oooh, that was good.  For two people not quite sure what to
do, I think that was very good."  She gave her ass a wiggle, sending
shivers through him.
   Suddenly a thought struck him, "My God, what if she gets pregnant?"
   Seeing the startled look on his face, Louanne asked what was wrong. 
When he told her, she laughed.
   "Oh, it's okay.  I'm on the pill.  Mind you, it's a little late to
worry about that now."
   Thomas was ashamed.  He should have thought about that.  Well, it
wouldn't happen next time.  Well, if there was a next time.
   Seeing he was upset, Louanne pulled herself up, and kissed him. 
"Hey, really it's okay.  I wouldn't have let anything happen if I
hadn't taken some kind of precaution."
   "Yeah, but I should have . . ."
   "Oh, forget it," she teased.  "Debbie said you'd get carried away,
feeling guilty afterwards."
   "Debbie seems to have told you everything," he said, feeling
slightly resentful.
   "Yeah, she did.  But I never thought it would be as good as she
said.  Or that you'd be as great as she said."
   Thomas just pulled her tighter to him.  There was no sense in trying
to figure these girl out.  They had all the answers, no matter what you
tried.
   He laid there, feeling like he'd never move again.  He liked the
feeling of her body snuggled against his.  His hand reached out and
caressed her breasts, as she nuzzled his neck.
   He took the time to review what had happened to him in these past
few weeks.  He may have been late in discovering girls and sex, but he
sure had made up for it, fast.
   He thought about Louanne.  He knew he didn't love her.  Not like he
did Debbie.  He use to think he'd only make love to someone he loved. 
And then only after he was married.
   But he'd probably never see Debbie again.  And he never did get to
make love to her.  He was sure Louanne only did it because Debbie asked
her.  To make up for Debbie not being able to do it herself.
   He compared the two girls.  Debbie was always talking, telling him
what she wanted him to do.  Lou, on the other hand, didn't talk as
much.  But boy, did she scream when it was almost over.
   Debbie seemed to have more experience.  But with Lou, for some
reason, it seemed better, more intense.  He didn't mean to knock
Debbie, but he did like fooling around with Lou better.  But after
this, he'd probably never have another chance, anyways.
   He suddenly thought about Sandy, Dale's girlfriend.  She'd be all
alone now, what with Dale being sent away for his part in what happened
to Debbie.  She wasn't as cute as Louanne, but maybe she might be
interested in going out.
   And then there was that girl, Erika in math class.  She was cute. 
He always wondered what it would be like to touch her big breasts.  If
nothing else, he did have both Debbie and Louanne to thank for showing
him what girls and sex was all about.
   Louanne stirred in his arms, and he leaned over to kiss her.  She
returned his kiss briefly and then pushed herself up onto her elbows.
   Looking him straight in the eyes, she said, "Well I guess we both
kept our promises to Debbie.  I mean, you showed me what it was like to
really come.  And I introduced you to making love."
   Thomas had been dreading this moment.  Like Lou said, they had done
what Debbie had made them promise they would do.  There really wasn't
any reason for him to hang around.  Reluctantly he tried to sit up.
   "Hey!  Where do you think you're going?" Louanne asked.
   "Well, like you said, we did what we promised to do.  I figured I
should leave now.  I really want to thank you and . . ."
   "You want to thank me?  Thank me?  You figure you got your rocks
off, so now you just up and leave?"
   "Now what did I do?" he thought.  To Louanne he said, "That's not it
at all.  I just thought you'd want me to leave."
   "Want you to leave?  Why would I want that?  I want you to stay."
   "You do?  But I don't . . ."
   "Seeing what we did was for Debbie, I thought we might do something
just for us."
   "Gee.  But I don't love you.  I mean, I like you a lot.  I liked
what we did a lot, too.  But I can't lie to you and say I love you."
   "I don't love you either.  Least not yet.  Maybe never.  But I like
you.  And I definitely liked what we did.  And I want to do it again,
just for us.  Not because we promised someone else that we would. 
Don't you want to do it again?"
   "God, yes!" Thomas exclaimed, and then felt himself blush.  "But I
don't know if I could do it again.  I mean, not right away."
   "Oh, I think I can help you there,"  Louanne said as she moved down
his body.
   Thomas watched her position herself between his legs.  Her hands
gently grasped his limp shaft as her lips started to kiss it.  He was
afraid nothing she could do would help, but it did feel good, so he
didn't say anything.
   Enjoying the feel of her mouth on his penis, his thoughts wandered
to Sandy.  He remembered how she had played with Dale's penis in the
movie. And how Dale said she wouldn't suck him off.  He wondered how
Sandy would react if he made her come like he had Debbie and Louanne.
   He felt a tightening in his groin and was amazed to see himself
fully erect.
   Louanne raised her face from his lap and grinned.  "Looks like this
little guy is ready to party again."  She moved forward until she was
positioned over the erect member, and slowly lowered herself upon it.
   "Mom's outta town two days this week," she said as she started
moving up and down on his shaft.  "Don't think we're going to get much
history done this week," she added with a chuckle.
   Forgetting the other girls momentarily, Thomas responded by reaching
for her breasts as they jiggled with her rapidly increasing movements.

                             -- The End --

  -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
  "Thomas' Story: Cumin' of Age" Chapters  1 thru 37  by T. F. Yank
   Copyright (c) 1991, 1993 by DEH Enterprises. All Rights Reserved.
  Permission is granted to distribute in electonic format, unaltered
  and un-edited with this copyright statement intact.  Hardcopies are
  limited to single printing for private, non-profit use only.
  -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
