                       BED OF THORNS

                           by


                      Jourdan Taylor Lane                      



THE SOLDIERS NODDED as the cloaked figure entered the room with
supreme assurance. With a wave of her hand, she gestured for them
to leave, then crossed over to the ornate, king-sized bed where
the Cardassian Gul lay bound and gagged. The leather straps that
held him were primitive, but served her purpose. She couldn't use
energy bands, least she risk detection by his Cardassian warship.
His crew would be scanning the sector for him; any indication of
his whereabouts would be investigated. That must not happen, not
until she exacted her revenge.
    From beneath the hood of her cloak, Major Kira Nerys,
Intendant of Terok Nor, looked down at her prisoner, Gul Dukat,
her former lover. Dark and ominous, shell-like uniform, hard
lines around his eyes, much like any Cardassian she might see,
except, she knew him personally, and intimately. She shivered in
remembrance. Could it have been only five years since
the night of her interrogation? Five years ago he had subjected
her body to pleasures she had never dreamed possible, and hated
him for making her experience them. She vowed to make him pay for
what he did to her.
    She knew he thirsted for her power, not satisfied with what
the Alliance provided for him. He thought by controlling her, she
would bend to his will. Stupid mistake. She will bend for no man.
Even, Garak, tried his pathetic mind-games with her, amusing her,
yet it was began to become tiresome.  
    She lifted the hood off her head, letting Dukat see her for
the first time. Because of the paleness of his grey skin, his
surprise was evident in the darkening blue of his eyes. 
    She smiled into the dark blue eyes staring back at her in
confusion. "I know I was the last person you expected to see,"
she said and glanced at the bindings, which he began to struggle
against. "Also, I know I will be the last person you ever want to
see." Her head descended until her breath grazed his ear, then
added, "I'll see to it."
    He tried to rise, but was stopped by the bindings.
    "Don't worry. I'll try not to cause any permanent damage,"
she said as she removed her cloak.
    Something in her voice, in the slight raspiness as she spoke,
made him think otherwise. He couldn't understand why she was
doing this, yet he didn't mind her wanting to seduce him, but he
rather be in control, not laying helpless on a bed, he though as
his cock began to swell. 
    Noting his erection, a scowl creased her face. Confidence in
exacting revenge, all too fragile the past few years, surged
strong within her. Yes, he will pay for what he did. She was
capable and strong enough to see that such would be the case.
    She began to stroke his engorged sex underneath his uniform,
making him moan into the gag as her hands roamed at will. No
longer satisfied with the barrier that lay between them, she
freed him, but letting him keep the rest of his uniform on. She
could see the protest in his angry gaze, and smiled sardonically
at him, thinking how he did the same to her. 
    His cock was velvet smooth, except, for the large ridge that
spanned from the base of his sex to the blunt tip. Unlike Bajoran
men, his cock was thick, even more so than Garak's. Ever since he
made love to her, she found little use for a Bajoran cock. It
couldn't fulfill her needs as Cardassian males do. 
    "Remember that night, Gul Dukat, how you made me..." she
paused. Her chest heaved in anger.
    How he made you beg! she silently berated herself.
    "I have never forgotten what you did to me," she spat,
gripping his member fiercely. She felt it jerk in her hands.
    "You like that, Dukat? You like when I grip your cock tight?"
    He didn't try to speak, only stared at her in awe.
    "Of course, you can't answer," she laughed, then leaned close
to his ear again. "How does it feel to be humbled?"
    His brow cocked in response.
    Her hand eased from his sex, then traced the ridge along his
jawline. He stiffened. "Something tells me you don't like it very
much. But...you will."
    She outlined his ear with her tongue and slowly slid down his
neck cord, tasting his musk scent skin. He gasped, his hands
gripped tight in a fist. The sensation was startling.
    Fueled by revenge, she continued the assault on his pebbled-
looking skin, grazing his throat with her tongue, while her hand
manipulated his sex between her fingers, she felt it throb as she
stroked with deliberate slowness. 
    She the determination in his gaze, knew he was fighting it
his pleasure, refusing to relinquish control. And laughed to her
immense delight.
    "Your body betrays you," she cooed. 
    Briefly, she flicked her tongue across the blunt tip of his
cock, then began to suck. The contact caused his body to spasm,
he gave a muffled gasp.  All resolve evaporated in wake of the
sensation her tongue was creating. 
    Slowly, yet steadily, she slid her mouth down his ridged
member, caressing him with her tongue. He jerked in her mouth.
She tasted the precum that began to ooze out of the tip, and felt
a bolt of satisfaction. This is what she was waiting for.
    She slid up his mass, lightly grazing him with her teeth,
enough pressure to imply that she was master. She felt him throb
fiercely now, pulsing inside her hot mouth, knew his urgency was
building. But she didn't want him to receive his pleasure. She
bit him, not hard enough to break the skin, but enough to make
the once turgid cock soften. 
    His eyes narrowed to deadly slits, and shined hard upon her.
Her lips warped into a grin.
    "You are here for *my* pleasure, not yours," she purred, then
clapped her hands.
    The entranceway slid open with a soft hiss. A terran woman
entered the room, her footsteps were soft against the plush blue
carpet. She was scantily clad, the sheer fabric; long and
flowing, barely concealed her full breasts, which appear to
whisper around her slender frame when she walked. When she stood
beside the bed, he saw that she was darkly beautiful with long
braided hair. She appeared to be barely twenty years old and
perfectly formed. Her face was the picture of innocence.
    Smiling, Kira stepped over to her and pushed the thick braids
to one side. "Her name is, Hanai. Isn't she the most exquisite
creature you've ever seen," she said, then kissed her on the
neck. 
    Forgetting the dull pain in his cock, his eyes widened in
amazement as he watched, mesmerized, as she kissed the terran
woman. If he thought he was confused before, there wasn't a doubt
left in his mind. Something was wrong. Very wrong. But before he
could roll the questions in his mind, she spoke.
    "Hanai, is my favorite of all my slaves," she whispered. "She
brings me immense pleasure." She sighed and began to massage
Hanai's breasts. "Perfection, pure perfection."
     She turned to Dukat. "But don't take my word for it," she
teased, then nodded to, Hanai.
     The fabric touched the floor in a soft whisper. He felt his
cock began to grow hard at the sight nakedness. She was
exquisite, he thought, as his eyes travelled leisurely over her
almond-colored form. When she joined him on the bed, he became
suspicious, thinking how he was bitten a moment ago. But
suspicion soon gave way to intense pleasure when she began to
stroke his cock with her breasts, trapping him within the soft
globes. 
     Again, his body spasmed as she massaged him with her
breasts, slowly stroking up, then down, pausing to squeeze him.
He thought he would go mad from the sensations, it was
incredible, an experience he hasn't enjoyed in quite some time.
     Increasing the strokes, his cock swelled between her mounds.
Kira knew he was near his release. She began to lick the head of
his cock, swirling her tongue around the precum that covered the
head. He bucked upwards. She knew what he wanted. She sucked the
head of his sex inside her mouth, while Hanai stroked him. A
myriad of sensations assaulted his senses, making him growl
fiercely from the force of his orgasm, as he spilled his seed in
her mouth. 
    Flicking her tongue around her lips, she savored the taste of
his sex, sweetened by revenge. 
    She dismissed the slave and looked down at him. "This is only
the beginning," she replied with a malicious grin.
