THREESOME - by Tom Depp
 
    Sometimes I create fantasies and sometimes I base them on
things that really happen.  Can you guess which ones are almost
real?
    I like to fantasize about sex with two guys.  One is Josh.
He is younger than me, about sixteen or seventeen.  His hair is
brown and short and he has dark eyes.  His shoulders are narrow
and his long body is slender.  His cock is just a standard six
incher, but he really knows how to use it.  He has a round
perfect ass that just invites you to bite it.
      The other man of my dreams is older than me, about twenty
five, and his name is Marc.  He is over six feet tall and has
long blond hair. He is broad shouldered and handsome and has a
big dopey grin that shows off his wide, bow-shaped mouth that
just looks like it belongs around a cock.  Marc works out a lot
and is extremely muscular.  His heavy pecs top off a washboard of
muscle that leads down his v-shaped body to narrow hips and a
cock that's eight inches soft and even longer hard.
      I like to think of lying on my back when Josh comes in and
crawls into the bed next to me.  We lie together for a while just
enjoying the touch of skin to skin, then he rolls over to me and
we kiss.  While our tongues explore I reach down and grab a
handful of his perfect ass. He reaches up and teases my nipple
with his finger tips, then moves to do the same with his tongue.
      While he teases my nipples with his tongue, sometimes
nipple nipping gently with his teeth, his hand slides down my
belly, across the smooth skin, tickling gently, stopping to make
me jump when he circles the tender skin around my navel.  He
doesn't stop there, though and continues down my body to grasp my
cock and stroke it gently.
     While he gently strokes me, I squeeze his ass and he
wiggles, knowing what I want.  He looks me in the eye and moves
to kiss me. I put my hands on his shoulders and lift him gently
and bring his nipple close to my mouth.  They are small, even
tiny, but always hard.  I tease, gently at first, then harder to
get him really turned on.  I suck and lick and trade off from
side to side until he pulls away.
     Sliding upward, he presses his smooth skin against my
mouth. We kiss, not gently as before, but hard, hungry for each
other.  He slides upward and I brush my lips on the smooth skin
of his belly.  I stop to tease HIS navel this time, with my
tongue.
     With his hands now on the headboard, I scoot down in the
bed and Josh is in push-up position.  I open my mouth and he
eagerly tries to slip his cock past my lips.  I pull back,
though, and don't let him.  I'm not ready for his cock yet, I
want to use tongue on his balls first.  I suck first one then the
other and bathe them with my tongue while he moves his hips,
rubbing his cock and balls all over my face.
     I lick his cock, from root to tip, over and over, while
he thrusts toward my mouth silently begging me to suck him.  I
open wide, but take only the head into my mouth.  Sucking HARD I
run my tongue up and down the slit and around and around the head
of his cock.  He thrusts at me, wanting more of his cock down my
throat, but I match his thrusts and accept only the head.  While
I tease his piss-slit with my tongue I reach around him and get a
double handful of his beautiful round ass.  NOW I take the full
length of his cock down my throat, while I squeeze his round buns
and pull him toward me.  As he pounds his shaft in and out of my
mouth, I move my hands over his entire body.  I squeeze his ass,
and heft his balls.  My hands move across his chest and pinch his
small erect nipples.  I run my hands down his back, and drag my
fingernails across the inside of his thighs and he thrusts harder
and harder.
     I suck and suck, feeling the hard shaft of his cock sliding
past my wet lips.  I use my tongue to tease the head of his cock,
and he begins to feel the deep rush that builds up before you
cum.
     Lying atop me Josh's hard cock presses into my belly, and I
gently thrust my hips upward.  As we kiss, I press my cock
against the crack of his perfect ass, and Josh knows what I want.
     Sighing, he rolls off me and we lie side by side.  He
reaches down between us and holds my cock in his hand.  Measuring
it with his hand he knows what it will be like when it is inside
him and he wants it.  We kiss and while our tongues explore we
touch each other's bodies.  I squeeze the round smooth perfect
globes of his ass, and he is fascinated by my chest.  He teases
my nipples, and grips my pecs like a woman's breasts.  Breaking
away from our kiss he moves his mouth to my chest and sucks my
nipples.  He is gentle at first, then he begins to tease.  I like
it, but I am too eager, I push him toward my crotch.  He pushes
me over on my back, and assumes sixty-nine position.  As I feel
his smooth lips slip down the length of my cock, he wiggles his
hips and rocks his balls back and forth in front of my eyes.  I
want them, I want his still-hard cock, but instead I put my hands
on his hips and pull his ass down toward my mouth.  I brush my
lips across the smooth perfection of his cheeks, savoring skin so
soft that my velvet touches make it seem like silk against my
lips.
     As Josh begins to deep-throat me, getting my cock slick and
wet and ready for his ass I spread his cheeks and apply my
tongue, moistening his asshole, getting it ready for my cock.
     We both tease and lick and torment one another until we
can't wait any longer.  Josh suddenly rolls away, and turns
around. Looking me straight in the eye, he throws his leg across
my body and stands up.  My cock is standing straight up beneath
him, a pole for him to take his pleasure on.  He lowers himself,
slowly, first to his knees, then with his hands on my chest,
slowly backwards until the head of my cock is pressing hard
against his asshole.  He pauses very briefly, teasing me and
himself with gentle thrusts that almost allow me to penetrate,
then he goes for it.
     As his ass envelops my cock, I reach upward with one hand
and grab his nipple.  With the other hand I grasp his balls and
SQUEEZE.  In the first gasp I feel the pain and pleasure of my
cock filling his ass and of my hand squeezing his balls.   The
look on Josh's face is indescribable.  It has elements of every
emotion in it.
      Josh begins to bounce up and down on my cock and I match
him thrust for thrust.   He leans forward and puts both hands on
my pecs.  When he does I lift myself forward and get my hands
under his ass.  While I pump my cock into him I squeeze his
cheeks and he squeezes my pecks in return.  We rock back and
forth, matching  our thrusts so that he gets my full seven inches
with every thrust.
     Josh rides my cock, up and down, trusting, squeezing my cock
with his ass muscles.  I stroke his cock, I squeeze his perfect
buns.  He leans forward and I lift myself upward until I can suck
his nipples.  It goes on and on, thrusting and fucking, and
filling his ass again and again until we are both sweating,
exhausted and ready to cum.
     Suddenly the door opens and standing there naked is Marc.
He strides across the room, those yard-long strides of his
placing
him beside us in two steps.  He looks at us, and we feast our
eyes on his perfect muscular form.  Leaning forward he kisses
Josh and reaches a hand down to grasp his ass.  I slide to my
right and take his huge cock into my mouth.  Josh begins to ride
my cock again and once again I match his every thrust.  Marc
thrusts his now-hardening cock into my mouth and I can feel his
eight inches turning hard and turning into ten inches.  As I
suck, I feel Marc slip his finger into Josh's ass along with my
cock.  Josh begins to hump faster, and even though I feel Marc's
fingernail scraping hard against my cock I don't stoop.
     Marc leans back, breaking off his kiss with Josh, and moves
a little closer to the bed.  He can now shove his entire cock
into my mouth, and I let him.  Josh stops his bouncing, though I
continue to thrust upward, jamming my rock-hard cock into his
ass. He sucks on Marc's nipple, and I can tell he is doing it
HARD.  I hear him sucking and I can see what he is doing with his
teeth. Marc says nothing, just smiles his big dopey smile and
feeds me more of his cock.
     He must have been hot before he came in, because it takes
only a moment for Marc to feed me a load of cum.   He shoots five
big strings of cum down my throat and I pull back to catch as
much of it on my tongue as I can.
     While I suck down the last drops of his load, I feel myself
building to a climax, and I turn my attention back to Josh. Josh
is riding my cock like a bucking bronco and I am thrusting upward
hard, trying to keep my cock in his ass and trying to get
off my load.  "I'm cumming!  I'm going to cum," I tell him and he
surprises me.  He pulls himself away from me, and moves across
the bed.  Instead of letting me come up his ass, he wants it in
his mouth.  Marc want's my load too!  With Josh's hot mouth
around my balls, and his tongue going wild, Marc wraps his
beautiful lips around my cockhead and sucks hard.  It's just too
much and I shoot.  A big load this time, thick strings of cum
that Marc sucks down.   Milking the last drops from my cock, he
kisses Josh, sharing some of the cum with him, then they both
move beside me and we all kiss.  Marc shares a trace of cum with
me when our tongues meet and Josh tastes of cum too.  Pulling
them close to me I feel that both their cocks are still hard.
Mine is getting hard again too.  I know it's not over.
 
         The End (for now)
