    TIM - by Larry Long

    When Tim woke up, he was alone in the hotel room.  His parents had
already gone down to the restaurant for breakfast with some of the other
conference participants, and he didn't expect to see them until they broke
for coffee at 10 a.m.

    Tim was used to this.  Both his parents were doctors, and he had been
coming to conferences with them for the past 8 years, since he was 6 years
old.  When he was younger, they used to hire a baby-sitter from the hotel
to stay with him and take him places while they were in seminars and
dinners, but, now that he was 14, he was left on his own a good deal of
the time.  A lot of the conferences were in interesting places - Las Vegas
at the Circus Circus, Atlantic City at the Trump Castle, New York at the
Hilton Hotel, and even in London one year.  This year they were at the
Concord, in the Catskill Mountains in New York, and the hotel was full of
things to do - sports, a spa, a game room.  It was cold and wintery out,
with snow on the ground, so Tim would be inside for most of the three days
that the conference was going on.

    Tim's immediate concern, however, was the boner with which he had
awakened.  His usual morning 14 year old hard dick was especially big this
year, because he had had that dream again last night, the one in which
Petey (his best friend from camp the previous year) had, indeed, turned
out to want to 69 with him.  He had awakened just as, in his dream, he and
Petey were putting each other's dicks into each other's mouths and getting
ready to drink down a full mouthful of hot, warm, sweet jizz.  To wake up
at that point was maddening.

    Tim reached down under the covers and began to play with his hardness
while, with his eyes still closed, he tried to bring some of the feelings
of the dream back.  His hands strayed under the closed top of his pajama
bottoms, and his right hand wrapped itself around the shaft of his penis,
starting to stroke it up and down, while his left hand rubbed all around
his stomach and his chest, tickling his nipples and his belly.  There
wasn't any hair there yet, although there was a little around the base of
his dick and in his armpits.  Before anything more could happen, Tim slid
out of the bed and walked over to the bathroom, his hard boner sticking
out of his pj's fly, his fist still gently playing with it and moving it
around.

    In the bathroom, Tim got one of the smaller hand towels and went back
to bed, dropping his pj bottoms off as he walked and unbuttoning the top
so that his chest was easier to rub.  He slid back into his bed and began
to play with himself more seriously.  The dream feelings began to come
back, the image of Pete's body up against his as it had been only one time
during the previous summer.  He remembered the night, the last night of
camp, when they had snuck out into the woods together and lay down without
any clothes on in the grassy field on the other side of the lake, and
rubbed up and down against each other until they had shot a load of jizz
into each other's belly buttons.  They had been pressed against one
another, fucking each other's bellies.

    This wasn't the first time they had shot off together, just the first
time they had done it in a simulated fuck.  They had jacked off together
before, both alone, in the woods, and also in the cabin they shared with 5
other boys.  4 of the others had also jacked off that day at the same
time, one of they had not, but only because he wasn't there, but at the
infirmary.  There wasn't much very gay about it, 13 year old boys do
things like that.  Alone, they had even jacked each other's dicks with
their hands, but never pressed like that.

    Tim was really into the simulated fucking, and he hoped that Pete was
too.  You could never tell about things like that.  Then Pete, who was
mostly on top, kissed him on his mouth... no tongue-ing, but a kiss just
the same, and said: "I love you Tim.  I will really miss you."  He said
this while the wetness was slithering between their bodies and their
softening dicks were squishing between them, and he started to grind his
hips against Tim's, mushing the cum together so that it mingled, making
one cum out of their two cums.

    "I love you too!" Tim whispered softly into Pete's ear, and he felt
Pete's dick began to get hard again.  "Can you do it again?" he asked.

    "I think so," Pete had said, and he began to fuck his hips against
Tim's slowly, Tim's dick also getting hard.  The mingled cum was still
wet, and acted as a lubricant, making it easy for them to slide their
dicks into new hardness.

    With their dicks hard again in a few seconds, as happens best when
that young, they started the fucking motion of their hips again.  Pete was
still on top.  He was bigger than Tim, and a better athlete, more
aggressive.  He had his face over and near Tim's still, and as their dicks
began to heat up, he put his mouth down and kissed Tim again on the lips,
as he had a few moments before.  His lips were moist but not wet, and his
mouth felt firm on the other boy's.  Tim's lips parted slightly, not to
"French Kiss", because he didn't really know how, but more instinctively,
to increase the contact.  Pete's lips parted slightly too, and the kiss
became more intimate.

    They sped up their grinding together, and their dicks were really hard
now, more than either boy ever remembered having happened before.  They
had just shot a load, so it was taking more time to reach the cum-heat
that they had ever done, and their lips were pressed together, in a warm
but rather chaste kiss.  Then it happened.

    Pete opened his mouth a little more and Tim did also, at the same
time, to gasp for breath at the intensity of his crotch-sensation.  And
Pete's tongue came out a little, and touched Tim's lips.  And Tim opened
his lips a little more.  And Pete's tongue touched Tim's tongue.  And
suddenly, Pete's mouth was open, and Tim's was too, and their tongues were
darting back and forth between them, sharing the newly joined space, and
their dicks grew, and the heat grew, and the speed went up in the crotch
grinding...

    And they came, their mouths open in a deep kiss, their dicks spewing
an even bigger load (as sometimes can happen) than they had the first
time, gushing cream in the space trapped between them.

    That was the last time they had been together alone.  They heard
"Taps" being played over the loudspeakers and had rather quickly gotten up
and cleaned off and dressed and hurried back to the cabin for the last
night of camp.  The next day they had taken the bus back to the City, and
separated at the terminal, Pete going back to his home in the Bronx for
only 1 week, and then on to California where his parents were moving that
fall, and Tim back to his house on Long Island.  They sent each other
postcards a couple of times, and then, with school and everything, it was
over.  Pete and Tim were passionate lovers, but only in Tim's dreams, and,
he hoped, in Pete's as well, although he didn't know.

    That had been over a year ago.  Last summer, his 13th, his parents had
rented a house on the shore and they had spent their vacation together.
There had been swimming and bar-b-ques and lots of cousins and movies, but
nothing that compared with his experience with Pete, no deepening of his
sexual history, no friend who became lover.  He had become a regular
jacker - stroking himself off at least twice a day, once on waking and
once right before going to sleep, and had learned lots of ways to do it,
and to hide it and the jizz it produced.

    He had also learned to jack in the ocean while swimming, and to jack
in the bathrooms of restaurants and coffee shops, and he had carried these
skills with him into the next school year, jacking off in school in the
boys room while peeking through the crack in the door of the toilet stall
at the other boys' pissing at the urinals.  A couple of times he had seen
stiff ones at the stalls, and once, when the a boy from another school
didn't know he was there (it was after a basketball game), this other boy
had jacked off fast into the urinal, then pissed the jizz down the drain
and quickly gone out.  Tim had squirted violently into his wad of toilet
paper after watching this (he waited until the stranger boy had left the
boys' room before stroking his juice out - he was sure that he would make
a lot of noise cumming, and he had been right).  But other than that
incident, his jacking had been alone and lonely.  There had been no other
boy whose jizz had mingled with his.

    So, recreating this intensity of his dream in his imagination, Tim
rolled onto his stomach, the hand towel he had retrieved from the bathroom
folded in two, and then again in two, one half under his dick on the bed,
the other half over it, so that he was fucking the pouch it created.  This
was one of his favorite ways to cum.  He could fuck the bed, grinding his
hips into it, and, when done, the jizz was neatly caught in the towel,
which he could drop in the tub after taking a shower.  Sitting there,
soaking wet, the towel gave no evidence to anyone that it contained a load
of his secret juice.

    Tim assumed this position, his dick hard and throbbing, and brought
the image from his dream into his mind.  Pete, with him, on that last
night of camp.  They have just cum for the second time, their tongues
dancing in each other's mouths.  The jizz is warm and sweet and sticky
between them, their dicks still hard, they continue to kiss.  "Taps"
doesn't sound.  It is silent.  The Pete lifts his mouth from off of his
friends, and looks into his eyes.

    "Did you know that there are guys who suck each other's dicks, cumming
in each other's mouths?  Do you think that is gross?", Pete asks him.

    "I don't know, what do you think?", Tim replies in his fantasy.

    "I think it sounds hot!"  Pete stares into the face below him, holding
Tim's eyes.

    "Yeah, it does to me, too," Tim says, and they slowly reverse their
positions, assuming the "69" pose.  In his dream, Tim finds his dick
slowly sucked into the mouth of his friend, making it ok, giving him
permission, to do the same for Pete's straining member.  Pete's dick is
slicked with the jizz they have already shot, some Pete's and some Tim's,
mixed together.

    In this dream, Tim takes Pete's dick into his mouth, tasting this
mingled juice, and following the lead of his friend, begins to suck up and
down on it, pistoning the dick into his waiting mouth as Pete is taking
Tim's own dick like a ramrod into his mouth.

    In this dream, the boys lick around each other's scrotums, sucking
each other's balls, taking the cream-filled eggs into their mouths and
stimulating them, getting a super-hot load ready to squirt.  In this
dream, Tim moves his mouth down the crack between his friend's legs, as
Pete does to him, at the same time, not knowing now who is leading.  In
this dream, Tim and Pete insert their tongues into each other's assholes
at exactly the same time, tongue fuck each other's asshole for exactly 100
licks deeply in, and then move back up, to the balls, to the dick shafts,
and, placing their now initiated mouths on each other's dicks, they suck
exactly 27 times up and down the full length.

    And, in this dream, both boys shoot the biggest load of jizz they have
ever shot, a huge, creamy, steaming, sweet load of juice into each other's
waiting mouths.  In this dream, they drink each other's essence down,
loving every drop, sucking the dicks small again.

    And, in his hotel room, at just the moment that his dream dick shoots
and his dream mouth drinks the juice from his dream friend's dick, Tim's
real dick shoots it morning load into the towel which has become, for just
a moment in his passion-drenched imagination, the waiting warm loving
mouth of his friend.

    He came.


        *******************************************************

     At the same time that Tim was expressing his dream jizz into the
dream mouth of the dream image of his former best friend, unknown to him,
in the room next door, another 14 year old boy was about to let loose with
a squirt of pure cream.

    Lenny was also blissfully unaware of Tim's presence behind the wall
that separated their two rooms, and was engaged in the same morning
exercise that was occupying his unwitting partner.  But Lenny's approach
was different.  Lenny wasn't dreaming about a long, lost lover and friend,
nor about the warm wetness of a buddy's mouth.  Lenny never, ever dreamed
about anything.  He just experienced, and for Lenny, all of life was empty
time between the full moments - those few seconds when his body arched up
off the bed, or his buttocks contracted as he jacked off on the toilet, or
his legs and asscheeks squeezed as he pressed his crotch forward into his
fist.  Life was jacking off, with some rather uninteresting things that
took place in between.

    Lenny had awakened that morning as always, with a massively hard boner
and his hand wrapped around it.  He was also alone in the room, his
mother, with whom he lived alone (his father was dead) down at a breakfast
symposium for the International Conference on Urology.  His mother was a
urologist, a specialist in the health and diseases of penises and bladders
and related organs and genitals.  And, what's more, she was a specialist
in adolescent, pediatric urology: the balls and dicks of boys his own age.
And her library... Ah, her library.  What a turn on!  What a source of
information!  What a source of inspiration!

    Lenny rolled around in the bed, getting comfortable, slipping the
covers off of his body, kicking his shorts off his hips and legs, his
chest bare.  He slithered up the bed to the headboard against the wall,
and, turning around so that his head faced the foot of the bed, he walked
his heels up the wall until his dick was pointing straight at his mouth.
With great care (he had read too much about torn anuses and ripped
tissue), he took a carefully manicured finger (the nails were filed, so as
not to be a danger) and, sticking it in his mouth, licked it and slobbered
over it until it was good a wet.

    He took that finger and put his hand around his buns (they were nice
and full, he had a round, melon shaped ass) and rubbed spit all around the
opening of his ass.  He returned his finger to his mouth, wetting it and
then wetting his asshole about a dozen times, working his finger in deeper
and deeper each time.  Finally, he had worked his finger in all the way,
and could feel his prostate throbbing against the fleshy pad of the digit
in his asshole.  He visualized the finger rubbing his prostate gland (he
had read the details of the anatomy and physiology of how the prostate
worked in helping to make a big orgasm happen in his mother's reference
books when he was only 8, and still read them all the time).

    Lenny didn't close his eyes.  He didn't think of a Fred or a Tom or an
Eric or a Mikey or anyone else.  He concentrated only on the sensations of
his own manipulations, and his own understanding of how they worked.  He
had never done anything with anyone.  He had never even seen a naked boy,
except pictures in his mother's books, and his own body in the mirror.  He
went to a small, private day school, where the boys' rooms were so
luxurious that they were private bathrooms.  He had no father, no brothers
or sisters, and was mostly alone.  He had never showered with anyone, or
seen an open bathroom door while someone took relief.  His mother was very
prudish, and discussed almost nothing with him.  He knew what she did from
the books, but never from her.

    He looked with open eyes at his own penis, throbbing about six inches
above his face and his waiting, open mouth.  He looked with satisfaction
at his own ball sack, hanging around the base of his dick shaft, the two
eggs ready to deliver their load.  He felt the smoothness of the inside of
his asshole, and the sensation of his wet finger rubbing the prostate
gland, stimulating a flow of cream that would carry his semen and seed
where it belonged in his world, that is, into his waiting mouth.

    The tip of his dick was swelling visibly now, and the tip of this
dick-slit was opening with the fullness.  He could see that the hole was
open and ready to spurt.  He continued to move his two hands: his right,
with its middle finger buried deeply within his asshole and rubbing his
prostate, increasing the flow of seminal fluid to carry the seed to his
mouth, and the left, wrapped around the shaft of his swollen and swelling
dick, sliding the skin of his foreskin (he was circumcised, but still had
a good bit of loose skin there, which made it fun to play with) up and
down over the ridge of the head of his dick, the slit-tip of which was
open all the way now and ready to delivery a load to his mouth.

    Lenny didn't speed up or slow down.  The two hand movements had been
exactly the same since he started this session, right after he got his
feet up on the wall and his penis into position above his face.  The right
and left hands moved in complete harmony, the right in and out, the left
up and down.  He felt the sensation of the orgasm/ejaculation begin to
rise from the deep stimulation of his prostate into his balls and
ball-sack and then into the shaft of his dick.  The rhythm stayed exactly
the same.

    He opened his mouth fully, still calmly looking at the open slit on
the tip of his penis.  He continued exactly as before as the warm rush of
the orgasm began, and didn't miss a beat or change anything as the
ejaculation started pumping gushes of warm jizz from the tip of his penis
into his mouth.  He also didn't spill or miss a drop.  Calmly he caught
every drop in his open mouth, and those few spurts that managed to land on
his lips were licked into the opening by a tongue expert and doing it.

    Lenny milked the last few drops, the last seeds from his now softening
dick and smiled.  He walked his feet unhurriedly down the wall and stayed
on his back for a few minutes, rubbing the last oozes of jizz into the
skin of his stomach.

    Now, a shower, dressing in some tight-fitting clothes, and breakfast
with the other kids, the children of the physicians at the convention.  A
special dinning area had been set up for the young people, and he was
hungry.

        *******************************************************

     At the same time that Lenny was showering his open mouth with gushes
of warm semen filled with sperm, Tim was filling his imaginary lover with
his hot juices, and taking those same juices into his mouth in his
reliving of his dream.  Neither boy was aware  of the other, although they
were separated by less than 5 feet, since the wall common to the two rooms
was the one against which Lenny walked his feet when pointing his dick to
his mouth, and the one that Lenny stared out with unseeing eyes as he
filled  the folded towel with his sweet juice.

    Just as Lenny lay on the bed, rubbing the few remaining drops of jizz
into the skin of his stomach, Lenny lifted his limber body up from the
sheets and gently pulled the folded towel out from under him, making sure
to preserve the jizz-pool in it without  letting any smear on to the
sheets.  Just as Lenny was thinking about showering and then going down
for breakfast, Timmy pulled the folded towel up to the pillows on which he
had rested his head, and, unfolding one of the folds so that the warm pool
of semen was facing him, he pressed his lips against the wet area and
kissed the squirt which had poured out of his dick and into his dream.
The aroma of the fresh jizz floated up into his nostrils.  The smell was
"spunk", and the very word "spunk" made him hard and horny again.  His
tongue slowly glided along the rough material tasting the sweet cream of
his dick.  He rubbed his face against the wetness of it, and kissed with
his lips the whole area that was moistened with his boyness.

    Without knowing it, five feet apart, the two boys were in "synch".
They had shot off together, almost at exactly the same instant.  They had
both tasted the sweetness of jizz, without being at all aware of each
other.  They were relaxing and relishing t he warm after-orgasm glow of
touching and feeling jizz together, without being aware of the existence
of the other.

    Almost as if connected by an invisible communicator, they both moved
at the same time and begin to prepare to shower.  Both boys were already
naked, and both went to adjust the shower.  The wall in which the pipes
for the bathrooms were encased was the common wall between the two rooms,
and they opened the valves for their showers at the same time, testing the
water temperature with their feet.  They stepped under the hot water at
the same time, and both, at the same time, had the identical idea of
cumming one more time before breakfast, this time with the help of the
gushing hot water provided by the considerate management of the hotel.

    But, their methods were different.  Tim took his penis in his hand and
stroked it hard, using the soap from the wrapped bar of Ivory as a
lubricant.  Careful not to get the soap into the tender tip (he knew that
made it painful to piss later), he rubbed  both his balls and his shaft
until he was, once again, rock hard.  Standing with his dick directly
under the gushing stream of water, he let the shower play on his penis and
balls, letting the spray of the shower massage his organ until it was
ready to shoot again.  He closed his eyes and imagined, once again, his
dream of summer camp.

    Lenny, on the other hand, used no soap at all.  He knelt on his knees
under the shower, his back to the wall, and lifted his buns up into the
air, pulling with his hands his ass-cheeks apart until the shower water
was massaging his asshole opening.  He  then turned over onto his back,
lying on the floor of the tub, and lifted his legs onto each side of the
wall, letting the water spray first over his exposed scrotum and then into
the crack of his ass and then finally onto his asshole once again.  Now,
finally, he took the soap and rubbed it all over his fucking finger, and
then inserted the finger as deep as it would go into his waiting anus,
again being very careful not to do any harm.

    At the same time he took the soap and lathered up his balls and dick,
and began to soap them, not concerned about soap on his penis-tip, as he
knew that irritation would not last long and wasn't serious.  He began to
grind his hips, pushing his asshole u p and open to catch the most of the
warm water rub that it could, while he began to stroke his dick fiercely,
unlike the slow and deliberate manner he had done in bed.  This was a
different, more wild side of Lenny.

    Both boys shot this second load of the morning at the same instant.
Both of them were so taken with the power of this orgasm, not knowing why,
that they cried out in a manner most unlike them, loudly yelling an
orgasmic exuberance.  The boys made so much noise that they almost heard
each other, each thinking that he had caught the sound of cumming just
under the rushing sound of the shower water pouring down upon them as they
poured a hot, steaming load of jizz out onto their bodies and the floor of
the tub.  Both boys caught as much of the jizz as they could in their
hands, careful not to mix it with soap, and greedily drank it down,
surprised at how much it seemed to them more exciting, and like that of
"some other boy", some other who each of them w anted to make love with
very much.

    For Tim, this was not surprising.  He wanted Pete so much, so much to
recreate his dream, that he was sure that any boy was delicious.  But for
Lenny, who had never seen another boy naked, who had never seen another
penis, who only knew his own sensation s and the descriptions from medical
books, the sudden desire to know "that other", to find out if, in reality,
another boy had cried out in orgasmic ecstasy at just the moment he,
himself, was cumming, was a surprise and a delight.  For just a moment,
his  complete self-absorption at the moment of orgasm was broken, and he
thought, for the very first time in his life, that experiencing sex as a
shared event between two boys might be even greater than the experience of
shooting his warm jizz into his own mouth.  For a moment, he imagined that
it was another whose jizz was in his mouth that morning, for a moment, he
imagined that he sucked on another boys penis, for a moment, the medical
books paled, and a description of fellatio which he had seen in one of the
books took his fancy.

    What was that sound?  Was it real?  Was there another boy cumming
then, screaming his ecstasy?  Could he take a dick in his mouth, suck it,
make another boy cum, drink it, love it?

    Both boys surrendered to their orgasms at the same moment, called out,
shot jizz, played with it for a while, relaxed in the warm after-glow, and
then washed carefully, being sure to get all the traces of the sticky
sweet cream that hot water and soap turned to a sticky lump off their
penises and balls and stomachs and chests, and washed under their armpits
and in their asscracks and the opening to their sweet assholes.  They
carefully examined the tubs to make sure that no strings of boy-cum
remained be hind to indicate their pleasure.

    They toweled off, in separate rooms, went into the bedrooms, dressed
in tight-fitting jeans and t-shirts, and opened their doors at the same
moment to go down for breakfast, their wet hair gleaming in the
fluorescent lights of the corridors.  And they sa w each other for the
first time as they stepped into the hallway.  Saw each other, and took in
the dampness of the skin, the wet hair, the tight jeans, and the
configurations of their rooms with the wall of the shower and
bed-headboard between, and, in a  momentary flash of bright illumination,
knew, positively knew that that sound of orgasm had been rightly heard,
and that this other boy was the one who had cum together with the other.

    Just for a moment they stood looking at each other, no, staring at
each other, knowing.  Then, sheepishly, they turned their eyes away,
turned back and shut their doors, and began to walk at the same time, but
not together, towards the elevator.  They go t to the elevator at the same
time, and Lenny pushed the "Down" button.

    Tim glanced over at the other boy.  He had to start, after all, he was
used to camp and camaraderie.

    "Hi," he said, extending his hand.  "I'm Tim.  Are you here with your
folks?"

    "Yeah," replied Lenny.  "My mom is here with the medical convention,
the Urology conference.  What about you?"

    "Both my mother and father are here for the urology conference.  They
are both doctors."  Tim shifted his weight a little to the other foot.  "I
guess we will be eating together, then, huh?  And doing the other
activities?"

    "Yeah," Lenny looked at Tim straight on.  "I guess we will eat
together, but I don't know how much of the other organized activities I am
going to do.  I kind of like to explore on my own, you know, and not
follow those routines."

    The elevator came.  Tim said, "Yeah, me too!" as they stepped in
through the open doors, and as Lenny pushed the "lobby" button, and the
doors closed, he said "I'll bet there is a lot we can do together here."

    Tim looked at him.  "Yeah, there is a lot to do here together" he
said, and then blushed.  He knew what he meant, but did the other boy want
to do jackoff things too?  The door opened onto the lobby, and the boys
made their way to the dinning room for breakfast.  The more nutritious
meals they were to share together were yet to come.

                     *****************************

    Breakfast was a curious affair.  There were about 50 kids there,
children of the doctors participating in the convention, of all different
ages, from about 6 or 7 years old with counselors who had been assigned to
take care of them in a group, through Lenny and Tim's age of 14, up to
about 16 years old.  Most of the kids were younger and enrolled in the day
camp activities, most of the older teens had not come with their parents.
Lenny and Tim were the only 14 year old boys, and they bonded through that
immediately.

    Breakfast was soon over and the younger kids went off with the
counselors, and the few teens went off mostly to ice-skate or to ski.
Lenny and Tim were left alone.

    "Well, what do you want to do now?" Lenny asked, since Tim seemed more
at home in the hotel environment.

    "I guess we should explore, see what there is to do.  There are
supposed to be lots of sports facilities and stuff here."  Tim got up and
pushed his chair in under the table.  A piece of danish pastry had fallen
into his lap during breakfast and was sticking to his fly, just a dick
level.

    "Hey, you got something on you," Lenny said, and took his hand and
brushed off the piece of pastry.  As he did, his had pressed slightly into
the bulge of Tim's not entirely soft dick, giving both boys a fit of
embarrassment and thrill at the same time.

    "Thanks," Tim said, looking away.  His dick was going to swell.

    "Hey, let's go look around," Lenny said, and started to walk away, not
looking at the growing bulge in Tim's crotch.

    The two boys wandered for the next hour around the giant hotel-resort.
They found ping-pong tables, a basketball court, a swimming pool, pool
tables, card rooms, tennis courts and racquetball courts all inside the
complex.  Finally they came to the spa.

    "What is all this?" Tim asked Lenny as they wandered around the spa,
looking at the whirlpool and the steam and sauna areas and the exercise
rooms and gym equipment.

    "I dunno,", Lenny answered him.  I guess it is for the use of the
guests."

    "Well, we are guests, aren't we?" Tim commented to himself as much as
to the other boy.  "It is for us then too."

    "Wow, I love whirlpool baths!" Lenny said, "They are really hot!"

    "I don't know," Tim replied.  "I never was in one."

    "What, never?" asked Lenny.  "Then we should try it."

    "But I don't have a bathing suit," Tim said.

    "You don't need one," Lenny replied, "I have a whirlpool at home and I
always sit in it naked."  In spite of the fact that Lenny had never seen
another boy nude, he knew that this was the time.  He wasn't body-shy, he
was just not experienced.

    "What do we do, just get undressed here?" Lenny asked, looking around.

    The boys quickly saw the lockers in the locker room, and the pile of
towels on the bench next to the lockers.  There wasn't much mystery as to
their use.  They went over and selected lockers next to each other, and
towels, and began to undress.

    Within a couple of minutes both boys were naked, and were holding
towels around their waists.  They walked over to the steps leading down
into the pool of hot water.  It was early, all the conference participants
were in the seminars and lectures, they w ere alone in the spa.

    Tim was the first to drop his towel, and to take it and hang it on the
hook next to the whirlpool.  He was used to showering with the other boys
in camp, and even skinny dipping, so this wasn't new to him.  But his dick
was semi hard.  He was excited by  the closeness of this other boy.  He
knew that he had heard Lenny cry out is orgasm that morning.  He knew the
other boy jacked off.

    Lenny also let his towel drop, and his dick was exactly the same
degree of hardness as was Tim's.  They were still in perfect synch.

    Both boys walked down the tiled steps into the hot water of the
whirlpool, and sat on the bench which ran around the edge under the
water's level.  There were jets of hot water in the bath.

    "I think this is so cool."  Lenny looked over at the other boy.  "At
home, when I am alone, sometimes the water gets me really turned on, and
the bubbles, you know...."  He didn't finish his sentence, but Tim could
see through the clear water that Lenny' s dick wasn't just semi-hard any
more, and neither was his.

    Lenny turned around and the bubbling water played against his crotch,
the massaging action actually stroking his boyness.  Tim was concerned.

    "Hey, it isn't very private here.  Someone could come in anytime."

    "You want to go up to my room?" Lenny asked him.  "My mom is
presenting a paper at lunch, and I know that she won't be back in the room
until dinner time."

    "You sure that it will be alright?"  Tim asked.  He wanted to go.  It
was strange.  He had only met this boy less than two hours before, but, he
knew, somehow, that his days of fantasy were over.  He would really taste
fresh jizz today.

    "It's more than OK!" Lenny replied.  "It's cool!"

    Lenny got up out of the water, his hard dick sticking straight out
from his body.  Although he had never even been naked before in front of
another boy, or maybe because he had never been naked with another boy
before, he was totally relaxed with Tim.  Lenny was a sensual being,
focused on the pleasure of his body.  Embarrassment wasn't important to
him right now.  The fact that he wanted to cum with Tim, in new ways that
he had only read about, was the only thing on his mind.

    Lenny took the towel from the hood on the wall and wrapped it around
his dick, hiding his hardness in case anyone should come in.  He walked
over to the lockers without looking back and began to dry off and dress.
He put on his t-shirt first, as he could not get his jeans closed around
his boner, and, as Tim joined him dressing, the too boys finally calmed
down enough to finish doing up their pants and be ready to slip into their
sneakers and walk back to the lobby.

    "Let's go," Lenny said to Tim, and he walked in front of the other boy
to the elevators.  For some reason, Tim couldn't take his eyes off of
Lenny's round bottom, stretching the material of his jeans and lifting his
pockets up around the mounds.  He didn't know it consciously, but the
connection between them included Lenny's joy in feeling things in and
around his asshole, and Tim was drawn towards that opening, towards the
sweet taste of it.  A little patch of wetness was in this shorts now, but,
fortunately, it couldn't be seen through the material of the jeans.

    The boys were lucky.  The elevator was empty and they arrived at their
floor without anyone seeing the strange posture they had to maintain in
order to walk.  Lenny pulled the key to the room out of his now even
tighter jeans and opened the door.  The ma id had already been in and made
up the room, and he put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the outside and
locked the door and put on the chain.

    "I think we both better get to it dude!" Lenny said.  Both boys were
so hard it was difficult for them to stand up straight.  "Hey, did you
jack off and scream in the shower this morning, right before I met you in
the hall?"

    "Yeah, I did.  Did you?" Tim replied.

    "Yeah, I did.  I thought I heard you.  Boy, you screamed at just
exactly the same time I came, you know that.  It is really weird."

    Both boys were naked again, and their dicks were hard and straining
out from their bodies.

    "Did you ever do this with anyone before?" Lenny asked the other boy,
not knowing that Tim was more experienced.

    "Yeah, at camp we fooled around a lot."  Tim looked over at Lenny.
"Did you?"

    "No, man, I never even SAW another dude naked before, let alone hard.
I live alone with my Mom and she is really straight."  Lenny walked nearer
to Tim and his dick-tip touched the other boy's.  "I just jack myself, but
I know lots and lots of ways.  I  read a lot, and I read all my mother's
books."  Lenny took his dick in his hand and started to rub on it, making
the tip of it rub against Tim's own swollen rod.

        *******************************************************

     Tim was very excited.  This had all happened so fast that he was both
excited and confused.  He had been cumming at least once a day, for the
past year and a half, with the dream of Petey's mouth on his dick and his
own mouth drinking down the warm cum-juices of a friend, in particular,
Petey.  This boy even looked a little like Petey.  Not enough to be weird
or spooky, but enough so that there was the added excitement of the memory
of his dream to work on his dick.

    There was also the fact of the extraordinary timing.  He was sure that
he had heard a cum-scream through the wall of the bathroom, and,
apparently, Lenny had heard him, too.  And Tim was experienced, at least,
he had cum on Petey's bod' and Petey had cum on his, and they had kissed,
after all, so making it with a boy wasn't an alien idea to him.

    Tim felt a rush of fresh blood and excitement in his crotch.  His dick
was very hard and very swollen now.  This new boy was standing in front of
him, naked, with a boner, and rubbing the tip of his hard dick with his
own hard dick-tip.  The two openings were also pressing together, and
Lenny's body was hard and exciting, too.  But Tim could sense that the
next move was up to him.  Lenny had told him that he had no experience of
other guys, and that, while he was a very experienced and imaginative
jacker, as he had described himself, he had no training as a lover.

    (Not that Tim did have any such experience, really, either.  But he
did have a lot of dream time and fantasy time clocked in loving the Petey
of his memory, and, if he could put at least 10% of that into practice, he
was sure that Lenny would have some very real experiences to go home
with.)

    With that sex-sense that boys can have at that age, when confronted
with the opportunity of becoming less virginal, Tim knew that the next
move was up to him.  If he didn't do anything, Lenny would cream on his
dick in a minute, and, probably with embarrassment, Tim would have to
decide whether or not to jack off his own dick after Lenny was already
loosing heat.  Tim knew enough to know that both had to be hot together,
and that he had to move quickly.

    Both of Tim's hands were at his sides.  He gently moved his left hand
up and took his own dick in his open palm, starting to stroke it gently
and rub the tip-slit of his penis against the tip-slit of Lenny's
throbbing rod.  After a few moments of this, he moved his right hand up
and put his open palm around Lenny's own shaft, replacing Lenny's hand on
his rod.  He began to rub and stroke them both in rhythm.

    Lenny was hot.  This was sensation to him, raw sensation, more than he
had ever felt.  No one had ever touched his penis before, except for
himself.  It felt 100 times stronger than when he stroked it with his own
hand.  And Lenny had no fear, no timidity, no caution.  Sensation, dick-
sensation, was his whole life.  The moments between sexual stimulations
(always his own jack off's until now) were the off times for him, in which
he was just coasting.  Moments of orgasm, and the stimulation which led to
them, were the alive times.

    Lenny took both now empty hands and moved them to his mouth.  He stuck
his two experienced fucking-fingers in his mouth and got them really wet.
(The middle and index fingers of each hand had all been well trained over
the years to slide in and out of his asshole, and the taste of his own
asshole on them had always been a turn on.  He didn't see any reason why
Tim's asshole-stuff would be less exciting.)  He reached behind himself
with his right hand and inserted the middle-finger into his waiting anus,
then moved it back to his mouth and wet it again, and then inserted it all
the way.

    He then wet the middle finger on his left hand, slicked it up all over
the finger and the palm, and reached behind Tim and began to play with
Tim's rosebud pucker while Tim was jacking their dicks.  To get it in, he
had to pull Tim's butt to himself, pressing Tim and his own dick-shafts
together, lengthwise, and pressing both dicks tightly between their hard,
flat, boy-stomachs.  He wet his finger again, tasting Tim's inner juices
on his finger, and played more with the other boy's hole.  Five times he
alternated mouth and butt-hole until he was able to insert the finger all
the way into Tim's virgin asshole.


        *******************************************************

     Tim was in ecstasy.  His dick was pressed against the other boy's and
pressed both of them between their stomachs.  This was exactly the
position he had squirted into twice his last night with Petey (and his
only night of sex with another boy).  The added intimacy of Lenny's finger
in his asshole, which he had heard of but never done, was terrific.  They
were pulled together by Lenny's asshole finger-fucking, and so their faces
were very close.  The only thing which remained to be done was to kiss.

    Tim pressed his face closer to the other boy's, and Lenny responded by
opening his lips and pressing them wetly against Tim's own mouth.  Both
boys instantly opened their mouths and started wrestling with their
tongues.

    The boys remained locked in surprised embrace for a few minutes,
exploring and experiencing the new sensations which arose around their
mouths and lips.  For Tim this was the second time he had experienced
kissing while his dick was getting ready to explode in creamy jizz-spurts
against the hardness of another boy's penis.  For him, this was too
reminiscent of his real/dream lover, Petey, and the real and imaginary
times that they had spent together.  There would only be the possibility
of experiencing this moment of sudden sexual intimacy for a matter of
seconds.  He was too young, too hot, too turned on to have this moment
last, to have his orgasm delayed more than a stroke-of-the-dick or two.

    For Lenny, there was no world outside of the sensations of tongues
touching, his fingers in their assholes (he was finger-fucking both his
own and Tim's tight hole, and enjoying the irony of it), their dicks
pressed together (with Tim's hands still wrapped around them), and the
building pressure against his own prostate and dick-tip.  He pressed his
hand against Tim's tight boy-buns, pushing his fucking-finger in deeper,
sure that he was pressing right up against the bud of Tim's young
prostate, squeezing against it so that the maximum amount of fluid would
engulf Tim's swimming sperm and spill up and out onto his belly and his
own dick.  He was squeezing his own as well, and, in spite of the fact
that they both had cum twice that morning already, there was a massive
gushing of juice as both boys creamed each other while locked in this
embrace, tongues darting in and out of each other's mouths, pricks
pressing wetly against each other, and fingers fucking assholes with
piston-like action.

    A scream escaped from each boy, deep in each of their souls... this
union was complete.  The screams were lost deep in each other's throats,
so little of the sound escaped, but it was so much like the small sound of
each other that each of them had heard in the shower, and so much of what
was happening seemed to be a magical intervention of fate, that the boys
collapsed upon each other on the carpeted floor of the room, and began to
lick each other all over with their now hot tongues, lapping up he jizz
which had mingled from their boy-dicks and covered their bellies and
chests.

    With wild abandon they licked each other like kittens playing on the
floor.  They had entered a magic space and time, in which for them, only
they existed.  They weren't in the Concord Hotel, they weren't in the
State of New York, they weren't at a convention in which their parents
were downstairs.  They were in a cloud land, a land of gods and mythical
beings, a land of bodies, dicks, pricks, assholes, jizz, sensations,
kissing, love, feelings, friendships, and joy.

    Lenny, who had no inhibitions at all, buried his face between the
sweet mounds of Tim's ass, rubbing his face-cheeks against the smooth skin
of Tim's butt-cheeks.  The attraction was overwhelming.  Lenny knew the
power of asshole stimulation, since he had been jacking off with his
finger fucking his asshole every day for over a year.  He knew that his
face and mouth against Tim's hole, his tongue doing to Tim's asshole what
his fingers had just done for both of them, would get his friend hot
again.  This he knew instinctively.

    What Lenny had not been prepared to experience was the overwhelming
attraction, the intense desire, that the closeness of his mouth to Tim's
asshole would evoke in him, Lenny, himself.  It was as if a switch had
been thrown.  His own dick swelled to such massive hardness that he was
afraid it would break off his body at the moment that his lips touched the
rosy sweetness of Tim's hole.  As the smell of Tim's clean anus entered
his nostrils, Lenny was driven wild.  He began to push his crotch against
whatever part of Tim's body it was touching, which turned out to be his
neck.  He plunged his tongue deep into the rectum of his new lover, and
the taste of the sweet inner skin of the asshole passage was so
overpowering that it was like a drug to his system.

    Lenny went mildly and predictably crazy for a moment.  He was so
intensely stimulated that he had a dry orgasm - no ejaculation, but an
inner orgasm that shook his body and his emotions to the core, without
diminishing in the slightest his hardness or his desire.  This, for the
sensation-driven Lenny, was a life-changing experience.  He had found out,
once and for all, what he wanted to do.  He wanted to give this pleasure
to other boys, and, in doing so, to experience the intense release that
had just run through his body like an express train.

       *******************************************************

    Tim was shocked at first.  Lenny's tongue entered his dark back-hole,
where Lenny's finger had been just minutes before.  Up until today,
nothing had ever entered there.  He wasn't even aware of the idea that
this hole was a place where things could go in and make you cum.

    The finger-fucking had pulled an orgasm out of him that was bigger
than anything that he had ever felt before.  Not only was there more juice
than he would have believed possible, and even after two jack-off sessions
today already, but the intensity of the shooting was tremendous.  He felt
his asshole muscles squeeze down on Lenny's finger as he shot, and he felt
the hot sensations of direct prostate stimulation.  He didn't know what it
was, but it felt as if his whole body, and especially his asshole, was on
fire.  He would never be the same again.

    Now Lenny had his tongue up inside his shit-hole, and this only
minutes after this last fuck session.  The fire had been replaced by a
cool wetness that was soothing and so stimulating that his dick was
immediately hard again.  He wanted more, more contact, more tongue, more
deep fucking of his hole.  He pushed his butt up against the other boy's
face, spreading his legs around Lenny's head, feeling Lenny's chin
pressing into the underside of his scrotum while Lenny pressed his mouth
up against his asshole and slide his tongue deeper and deeper inside of
him.

    For both boys, it was as if they were joined together into one person.
Lenny felt his saliva entering Tim's asshole on the tip of his tongue, and
could taste the deep intensity of Tim's most private taste, the sweet
savour of his asshole juices.  For Tim, Lenny's tongue in his asshole blew
away the last of his inhibitions.   He wanted to join with Lenny into one
person, he wanted to merge every part of their bodies.  He moved his mouth
to Lenny's penis and swallowed its full length into his mouth and throat.
He sucked its full hardness in, and Lenny shot a load of jizz immediately
into him, so hard and intense was he with the taste of the other boy's
asshole in his mouth and nose.

    As Lenny spilled a huge load of cream into Tim's mouth, Tim saw Petey
and Lenny merge in his mind, and began to cum himself, his asshole
squeezing down on Lenny's tongue.  His dick was pressed into Lenny's neck
and chest, and he flooded the other boy's body with the largest load of
cream that he had ever shot.  Lenny moved his mouth down around the
asshole crack and up around the balls and grabbed Tim's still spurting
dick into his mouth, drinking down the continuously spurting jizz.  Both
boy's continued shooting in waves and gushes for almost a minute.

      ********************************************************

    Both boys collapsed, their jizz, sex, and energy spent.  Both had the
other's dick in his mouth, and continued to suck on it and to milk it
until all the cum had been pulled out, the dicks limp, the balls empty and
hanging low in their sacks.  Their muscles were relaxed, their minds
floating in space.  Like little babies they continued the gentle,
relaxing, soothing sucking motion of their lips on the dick of the other,
and like mothers nursing, the sensation of being sucked, being milked,
relaxed them, allowing their young bodies to start the process where new
jizz would move into ready position for activities yet to come.

    After a few minutes Tim allowed Lenny's now limp dick to slip out of
his mouth and propped himself up on one elbow and looked at the other boy.
Suddenly he felt a tension.

    "Are you sure your mom won't be coming back to the room?" he asked,
realizing for the first time what a disaster it would be or have been to
be caught this way.

    Tim looked over at the clock by the bedside.  It was 1:30pm.  The
luncheon meeting would be breaking up.

    "I guess we better hustle our buns out of here!" he agreed.  The boys
jumped up and dressed in the clothes they had discarded only half an hour
before, but what seemed to be a lifetime.  The smell of sex in the room
was powerful.  Lenny went over and opened the window, letting in a blast
of cold winter air.  He went into the bathroom and ran the hot water in
the shower long enough for a cloud of steam to begin to pour out the
bathroom and meet the cold air in the room.  The smell of sex disappeared
in the mixture of warm, damp, and cold.  He shut off the water and closed
the window.

    "OK, dude.  Ready."  Lenny went over and opened the door for his
friend.

      ********************************************************

    The two boys walked companionably close together down the empty
hallway to the elevator.  They didn't hold hands, and they didn't have
their arms around one another, but they were so close as they walked that,
from time to time, they bumped into one another or they pressed their
shoulders or sides together.  Just as they reached the elevator and were
about to press the "down" button, the doors opened, and Lenny's mother
stepped out.

    "Oh, hi mom."  Lenny turned to his friend with a grin.  "This is my
new friend, Tim.  His folks are both here for the conference."

    "Hi Tim, I'm Doctor Greene."  Lenny's mom held out her hand for a
shake.  Suddenly Tim realized that they hadn't washed since they had been
fucking, and that his hand might well smell of crotch and cum.

    "Pleased to meet you, Dr. Greene," Tim said, and shook hands, hoping
that there was nothing to give away the intimacy that he had shared with
her son.  "I am Tim MacDonald."

    "Oh, is your father Dr. John MacDonald, and your mother Dr. Jane
MacDonald?  I just spent the morning session with them, talking about
disfunction of the genitals in adolescent boys.  They have done some
interesting research."

    "Yes," Tim answered, taking his hand back quickly.  "Those are my
folks." (He and Lenny exchanged a glance.  They both wondered at the same
time if the good Doctors MacDonald had done as interesting a bunch of
research on adolescent genital functions as they had just completed, and
were about to continue as soon as they could find a private place.)

    "Well," Dr. Greene asked the two boys as they stood there.  "What are
you guys going to do for the next two days?"  The program had two days yet
to run.

    The two new friends looked at each other and grinned broadly.  "I
don't know, Mom," Lenny answered her.  "There is plenty to do and see
around here.  I am sure we won't be bored."

      ********************************************************

    "According to the books of my mom's which I read, the male produces
sperm all his life and makes fluid too, although it gets to be less when
he gets older.  The sperm and the jizz and stuff are mostly protein, like
steak and hamburgers and chicken are, and so I guess it is pretty good for
you to drink.  At least I think that is true, and I have been drinking
mine for years now and I don't think anything bad has happened.  I liked
drinking yours, anyway." Lenny was lecturing his friend about the
physiology of the cumming process, and at this last statement he started
to blush.

    The two boys were sitting in a corner of the coffee shop at 3 in the
afternoon.  They each had a plate with a hamburger and fries, and a large
chocolate malted.  They were eating a companionable lunch after their
encounter with Dr. Greene and their encounter with each other which had
occupied most of the earlier part of the day.

    "Well, then we better eat more meat, cause we have a lot of protein to
replace."  Tim smiled at his friend and took a bit of his 'burger.

    "My mom is ok, I guess," Lenny said, "but my dad died when I was young
and I don't have any experience of other guys.  She is really strict about
nudity and bodies and stuff, even though she is a doctor.  I learned to
jack off by accident, and then I read about it in some of her books and
just experimented with myself.  You are the first guy I ever even saw
naked, let alone with a boner, and I never saw anyone cum before."

    The boys sat and ate in silence for a while.  It was a testimony to
the immediate depth of their friendship that they didn't need to talk all
the time in order to feel comfortable.

    There was something erie but positive about the instant way in which
they had bonded together, and the animal comfort they took in each other's
bodies and companionship.  Neither of them had thought to put it in words,
but they had bonded as if they were twins who met for the first time after
being separated for years.  There hadn't been a moment of hesitation or
discomfort on either part about the sexual and emotional intimacy which
they were sharing, which went beyond the easy friendships sometimes formed
by young boys in strange settings.

    Tim recognized the feeling more completely than Lenny did, because it
reminded him so much of what he had finally found with Petey after working
at it for the whole summer 18 months before.  But even with Petey there
had been some sense of holding back.  It wasn't until the very last night
that they took the final step of cumming on each other, and, might it not
have been because of that, that it was the last night, that they were able
to take the step?  With Petey there was still the sense of two separate
individuals, himself and "the other", which was absent already in his
relationship with Lenny.  It was almost as if they weren't two different
people at all, but halves of the same whole.

    Lenny didn't think of it that way.  For him, who had few friends and
mostly lived in a world of sensations, his sudden joining with Tim was
filled with the wonder of sharing life with another person.  His own
focus, on his sensations, suddenly expanded as he felt and saw and
experienced and enjoyed all the things he loved (which were mostly
centered around his crotch) through the eyes and the feelings of the other
person.  For Lenny, it was the sudden acquisition of "the other" which
made the bonding more complete.  In this way, also, they were like two
halves of the whole.

    The boys ate their lunch in silence, comfortable with each other.
Their knees were pressing against each other's under the table, and
sometimes their hands touched as they rested them on the table top.  There
wasn't anyone else in the corner of the coffee shop where they were
seated, but the restaurant wasn't empty, and they were content to just be
together without any display of feeling or emotion or any discussion which
might be embarrassing with other people around.

    "What should we do after we eat?" Lenny asked.  "I want to go
someplace quiet."

    By "quiet" Tim correctly interpreted his friend to mean "alone
together".

    "I don't know.  I think the spa will be crowded by now, don't you?"
Tim looked up at the other boy's face.

    "Yeah, I do.  But it would be nice to have another whirlpool, anyway.
Then we could find some other place to go."  Lenny and Tim both were in
need of washing.  The skin of their stomachs was covered with dried cum,
and a shower together was definitely to be looked forward to on many
levels.

    "OK, Lenny.  Let's go there, and then maybe watch some TV.  My folks
are in a seminar from 4:30 to 6:30."

    The two boys finished their lunch, and then walked down to the spa.
They stripped quickly at the lockers and wrapped the large towels around
themselves.  The spa was crowded and the two older teenage boys who were
also sons of doctors at the meeting were in the whirlpool after skiing
most of the day.  Tim had a nodding acquaintance with them both.

    "Hi Todd.  Hi Mike.  This is Lenny Greene.  His mom is a urologist
here too."  Tim introduced Lenny to the other two boys.

    Tim and Lenny dropped their towels and started to walk down the tiled
steps into the hot water, where they had been before.  Tim noticed for the
first time that both Todd and Mike had terrific bodies, hard, muscular,
with fully formed dicks and balls and downy hair around the crotches.  He
also noticed for the first time the casual yet meaningful way in which
both of the older boys looked at the nakedness of the two younger boys and
their bodies, and how both Todd and Mike allowed their gazes to linger on
Lenny's dick, which was semi-hard and really looking beautiful.

    Tim felt a stab of jealousy.  Lenny was his, only his.  No one else
was going to get any of that cum to drink.

      ********************************************************

    The four boys were the only ones in the whirlpool, although the spa
was busy, with men going in and out of the steam room and the sauna after
working out or just relaxing getting ready for dinner.  They all sat there
on the bench which ran around the edge of the pool.

    "What you guys been doing?" Mike asked Tim.

    "Not too much, Mike," Tim answered him.  "We've just been kinda
hackin' around.  We got up late, were here before checking out the
whirlpool, and then we watched some tv and had some lunch.  What you guys
been doing?"

    "Hey, we were up early and on the slopes.  It was really cool, skiing
is really nice.  But we got really tired, you know.  Kinda sore, too.
That's why we're here.  Work out some of the leg cramps from 6 hours of
skiing."  He smiled at his friend Todd, and reached over and squeezed his
leg.  Lenny and Tim were riveted, a sudden flash of electricity shot
between them and between the two pairs of boys.

    "Hey, we're going to the movies later over in town."  Todd looked over
at Lenny and Tim.  "You dudes want to ride over with us.  We have wheels."

    "Well, I don't know, sure, I guess."  Tim didn't know what to say.
"Is it a good movie?"

    "The "Lost Boys" is playing.  It has some hot scenes in it, and I like
the music." Mike answered.  "Ask your mom and dad if you can ride with us.
We are both 17 and licenses you know.  You ask your mom, too, Lenny."

    The boys sat in the whirlpool for a while, and then they all got out.
This time the glances of the two older boys had turned to deliberate
stares as they took in the bodies, dicks and states of arousal of the two
younger kids as they walked out of the water.  Lenny and Tim got up first,
and, as they walked up the steps out of the water, felt the eyes of the
other two boys on their rears, and on their buns.  To Lenny, it seemed as
if he could feel the eyes of the two older teens opening his asshole and
penetrating into his anus with their stares.  For Tim, the looks the other
two boys gave him reminded his of the feeling of his lover's (for that is
how he thought of Lenny now) tongue up his butthole and tongue-fucking his
butt.  The two younger boys started to get hard.

    "Save some energy for later, dudes."  Mike called out to them as they
left.  "We'll meet you in the lobby after dinner."

    "Sure."  Tim called back to them, blushing at their remark.  He
imagined that they must know that he and Lenny were about to go and have
sex again.

      ********************************************************

    Tim and Lenny got dressed and went over to the elevator.  They got in
and rode up in the car together, alone.  While in the car, they held
hands.  Neither knew which one had started it, and they just enjoyed the
sensation.  When the elevator stopped at their floor, they let go and got
out.  They walked over to the door of Tim's room, and he opened it with
his key.  The room was empty.

    They went in and shut the door and locked it behind them.  Tim was in
front of Lenny as they walked in, and he turned to face his friend.  Lenny
stepped up to him and put his arms around his neck.  They moved closer
together and opened their lips and kissed lightly on the mouth, then more
deeply, and then very deeply, their tongues sliding into each other's
mouths freely.  At the same time they wrapped their arms around each
other's bodies and fondled asscheeks and backs and every other part, while
pressing their hot crotches together and grinding them as they kissed.

    Finally they separated.

    "Are you sure that your parents won't be coming up here?"  Lenny asked
Tim.  The memory of the close escape that they had earlier, when his mom
almost came to the room while they were naked and covered with each
other's joy-goo made him nervous.

    "I don't think they will, but I can't be really sure."  Lenny also
remembered the close call.

    "Well, let's just watch tv then.  That's cool.  How many times can
anyone squirt in one day, anyway?"  Lenny went over to the sofa/day-bed in
the other part of the room and sat down.  Tim went over and turned on the
tv, but not too loud, so that they could hear if his parents put their key
in the lock.

    A rerun of "Family Ties" was on, and it was a 15 or 16 -year-old Jason
Seaver - Kirk Cameron who was on the screen.

    "I think that he is really cute."  Tim said, sitting down next to
Lenny.

    "I used to," Lenny said.  "But not since I met you.  Now it is just
you." Lenny looked at Tim and smiled sweetly.  He wasn't being coy.  He
meant it.  Lenny only lived in the sensation of the moment, and, for now
at least, there was only the closeness of Tim in his life.

    Tim blushed, then put his arm around Lenny's shoulders and drew him to
his body.  Lenny slid over on the sofa towards Tim and cuddled up next to
him.

    "Even if we can't fuck, we can still neck," Tim said, and drew Lenny's
face towards his with his hand around the other boy's neck.  Lenny turned
his face up towards the open lips of his friend and they kissed.  This
time it was long and slow and sweet.  They tasted every inch of each
other's mouths, and sampled every drop of each other's saliva.

    Tim broke the kiss and held Lenny to him.  Then they just sat
together, watching tv and enjoying the closeness.  For more than an hour,
they said almost nothing, kissing occasionally and rubbing each other.
There was passion, but it was subdued.  They arrived at a new sense of
comfort in their company with their status as lovers.

      ********************************************************

    The two boys were almost napping, and the news was on, when they heard
the scrape of the key in the door.  They quickly sat up and moved apart on
the sofa, just as the door opened and admitted Tim's parents, Dr. and Dr.
MacDonald.  Tim ran his fingers through his tousled hair and looked up at
his mother and father.

    "Hi Mom.  Hi Dad.  This is Lenny Greene.  His mom is Dr. Greene.  She
said she knows you both."

    "Hi Tim.  Hi Lenny, nice to meet you.  Yes, we know your mom well from
other conventions."  Tim's mom answered for his parents.  "You kids had a
nice day?"

    "Super!" answered Tim.  "We just kind of explored, but it was really
fun.  Mike Luccia and Todd Davis are here with their folks, and they have
a car and are going to the movies in town.  They asked if we wanted to go
with them.  Can we, please?"

    "Well, I don't know, it is pretty icy out there..."  Tim's mother was
unsure.

    "Oh, sure, let them go." his father chimed in.  "Town isn't far, and
both the boys are good drivers.  They are used to this kind of weather."

    "Well, Ok, I guess it is all right.  But Lenny, don't you have to ask
your mother too?" Tim's mother gave in.

    "Sure, I will ask her at dinner."  Lenny looked at Tim and both boys
grinned.  They had a feeling that it was going to be a good evening.

      ********************************************************

    Lenny's mother had no objection, since all the conference participants
would be busy with a dinner and reception until 10 pm anyway.  The boys
all had dinner in the dining room at the tables set up for the kids of the
participants, and then agreed to meet in the lobby in half an hour.

    Lenny and Tim met Mike and Todd half an hour later.  All the boys were
wearing sweat pants and sweat shirts and warm parkas.  They piled into
Todd's car, which was a big, full sized ford galaxy station wagon that had
been his father's until he got a new BMW.  The two older boys sat in
front, and the two younger ones in back.  It was getting dark out.

    "You guys seen 'Lost Boys' yet?" Todd asked the two in the back seat.

    "Yeah, I have."  Tim answered, and Lenny nodded in agreement.

    "Well, so have we."  Mike said, and looked in the rear view mirror at
the two 14 year olds.  Guess we don't have to bother to go to the movies.
We can pretend we went."

    "What are we going to do, instead?" Lenny asked, confused but not
worried.

    "Neck, make out, screw I guess."  Todd answered him.  "As soon as we
saw you two together we knew what was going on.  You had dried cum all
over your bellybuttons, and looked like you really wanted to be alone in
the whirlpool.  Don't worry though, Mike and me have been lovers for 4
years now, and we started at a medical convention just like this one that
our parents were at together."  He reached over and put his hand on the
back of Mike's neck and began to rub it gently.  Mike pressed his palm
over his lover's hand and held it in place.

    "Just drive, doofus," Mike said to Todd.  "The roads are bad.  If you
want contact, pull over and open your fly and I'll blow you.  Then you can
concentrate on your driving."

    The two boys in front laughed, and the two in back blushed with
confusion.

    "Don't worry, guys," Todd reassured them.  "We aren't going to mess
with you.  We just want to share an evening.  We could tell right away you
are in love with each other, not just looking for a good time.  It's the
same with us.  We don't screw around.  Its hard for us to be around
straight kids who are necking, and we like to be with other gay kids who
are necking whenever we can."

    "Is that what we are, 'gay kids'?"  Lenny asked the question and Tim
nodded his head.

    "Well, you are too young to tell for sure," Mike answered him, "but if
what I saw was any clue, you guys are in love with each other.  And since
you are both boys, I guess that makes it homosexual.  And since 'gay'
means homosexual, I guess that's what it is, at least for now.  You might
change and be interested in girls later on."

    "Not me, never!" Lenny said, and hugged Tim tightly.  "I don't want
girls, I want Tim."  Tim hugged him back and nodded.

    "Then lets go park in a field somewhere, and neck."  Todd started to
drive away.

    "Shit, it is too cold to neck in the car."  Mike nudged Todd with his
elbow.  "Let's find a motel.  I'll pay.  The two boys deserve that much."

    "OK!"  Todd started to drive down the road.

    Lenny and Tim looked at each other in the back seat.  Whatever was
going to happen, they were committed now.  There was no getting out of it.
They were a little nervous, but happy too.  They were together with two
older boys who wanted them to make sex with each other.  There would be no
hiding tonight, no worry about someone seeing them.  Tim put his arm
around Lenny and pulled him tight and they rode that way for about 5 miles
until Todd pulled into the parking lot of a motel.

      ********************************************************

    Todd pulled the station wagon into the parking stall in front of a
room and got out of the car and opened the door of the motel room.

    "Hey, I don't understand."  Lenny asked the other boy what was going
on.

    "We rented this room when we first got here.  We have," Mike said,
"the same problem with needing privacy that you do.  But I have my
American Express card, and 'Membership Has Its Privileges', as they say.
We have rented this room through the weekend, and we come over here to use
it whenever we want.  We weren't skiing all morning, only part of it.
Part of the morning we were fucking our brains out."  The older boy
laughed as he shut the door of the room behind them.

    The room was a simple motel room, furnished with one king sized bed
and a tv and dresser.  The lights were not very bright, and it wasn't as
luxurious or as pleasant as the Concord.  But it had an advantage.
Privacy.

    "You can't make too much noise when you cum, though, because the walls
aren't very sound-proofed.  On the other hand, though, there isn't anyone
else in the damn motel."  Mike laughed.  "Just be a little careful, ok?
It is on my card, after all."

    Mike and Todd, with the easy familiarity of long time lovers, stripped
out of their clothes and lay down on the kind sized bed and began to kiss
and neck and engage in foreplay that was sure to lead to orgasm soon.  The
two younger boys didn't know what to do, so they just watched,
uncomfortably.

    Todd broke off his deep kissing of Mike and looked up.

    "This won't do, guys.  We are here to have a good time.  Just strip
and make it on the bed.  There is plenty of room for the four of us, and
we won't mess with you.  We want each other, and you guys want each other.
Let's just share the room and the passion.  Maybe it will get you hot to
watch us do things you didn't try yet."

    Lenny didn't need any more invitation than that, and he stripped and
lay down on the bed away from where Todd and Mike had stopped their
necking to watch the two younger dudes.  Tim saw his naked lover and was
liberated from his inhibitions by his rising passion.  He also striped and
climbed up on top of Lenny's body.  They pressed together and began to
kiss and dry-hump each other's midriffs.


    Mike and Todd smiled and went back to work on each other.  Soon there
were four boys with four hard dicks and four hungry mouths and four wet
and licked penises and four wet and licked assholes and four loads of
cream about to gush.  Both couples had taken up the sixty-nine position,
and were alternating sucking dicks and rimming assholes.  Lenny and Tim
kept an eye on the older boys, hoping to learn things that would add to
the pleasure of their sex.

    Suddenly all four boys put their mouths on the dicks of their partners
and began to suck for real.  It was clear to all of them that a new
electricity was in the air, and that all of them were going to squirt a
load of jizz at the same time.  With low moans first Tim, then Todd, then
Mike and then Lenny began to pump seed-loaded semen out the open slits at
the tips of their dicks into the jizz-hungry mouths of their partners.
The combined smell, taste and sound of the joined cumming made it intense
for each of the boys.  Even the older boys felt some of the electricity
and magic which surrounded the coupling of Tim and Lenny.  They too shared
in the stimulation of it.

    The air in the room was so charged with the intensity of Lenny and Tim
that none of the boys lost his hard-on after cumming, and, even with
massive jizz-loads already expended, their prostate glands and balls were
already generating seed-loaded hot loads of semen for the next orgasm.
There was something almost supernatural about the source of the energy for
cumming which seemed to surround Tim and Lenny, and Mike and Todd were
caught up in it.

    Mike was under Todd, and the two boys took their mouths off of each
other's penises and turned to lie head to head.  Todd began to kiss and
lick Mike's face and mouth, and Mike, heated up beyond belief, lifted his
legs up around Todd's chest, presenting him immediately with his
vulnerable asshole, open and waiting for the fuck-plunge.  Mike and Todd
were used to fucking, but never so soon after a blow-job, and never with
this urgency and this strength and this hardness.  It was as if the
feelings that Tim and Lenny had felt, when Lenny had stuck his tongue into
Tim's hot asshole earlier that day, for the first time, and had been
electrified by the experience, it was as if they had all caught that fire
and were burning with it.

    Todd's hard penis was pressing against Mike's rectum, which opened,
like a flower in the spring time opening for the rain and the sun and the
buzzing bees.  Mike's asshole opened to receive Todd's massive straining
tool.  If it hadn't opened, Todd's dick, throbbing with a superhuman
thrumming of blood engorgement, would have torn his lover in two.  A
current was running through them which had entered their world through
Lenny and Tim, but it was in them now, and it was an intelligent current.

    Mike's asshole opened, spread wide, relaxed, and welcomed in Todd's
massive tool, which slid, as if greased, all the way up, arriving at
Mike's prostate, and then further, until the root of it rested at the
opening of the asshole, and Mike's asscheeks cradled Todd's balls, which
now were so filled with jizz that they were twice their usual size.

    And then they both stopped moving.  The current which took them held
them in its grasp, and they turned to face the two younger boys who were
staring at them in fascination, and speechless.  Both Lenny and Tim had
seen Todd's rod swell to inhuman size, seen his balls swell also, and had
seen Mike's asshole open and swallow his lover's penis.  They lay in each
other's arms, and that current which had begun with their meeting, before
their meeting but had come for them, spread out from Mike and Todd's
fuck-coupling, and enveloped them.

    "Do what you have seen us do just now, and continue to follow."  It
was Todd and Mike speaking to them, their voices exactly synchronized, but
more than just them and more than just speaking.

    Lenny slid under Tim's body, and lifted his legs up around Tim's
chest, as he had seen Mike do to Todd.  A warm blast of air seemed to blow
on them from nowhere, and Tim's dick swelled, larger, larger, engorged
with blood, until it was a large as Todd's even though Todd was three
years older and three years more developed than he.  Tim's balls swelled
with semen and seed, and the prostate deep in his asshole began to throb
with fluid, waiting to contract and shoot it out.

    Lenny's legs wrapped themselves around his lover's chest, and his
virgin asshole opened its bud, welcoming the flower of Tim's prick-head.
Lenny's hole opened wide, wider, wider... and Tim's dick pressed into it
and was swallowed slowly up, sliding deeper and deeper into the warm cozy
place of his lovers ass until he was buried up to the root, his prick-head
rubbing against the prostate deep in Lenny's ass, his balls up against the
curve of Lenny's ass cheeks.

    The two boys on the bottom were also amazingly hard, in addition to
having magic assholes.  Their penises pressed of their own accord into the
soft skin of the belly and bellybutton of their partners, sliding as if
lubed against that area which would soon be covered with warm jizz which
would find its way out to spurt.  All four boys were gone now.  They were
one organism, a combination of four individuals becoming two couples
becoming one foursome.  Although they didn't touch one another, the two
couples were exactly in rhythm, breathing in and out together, each couple
joined together at the lips, with kissing; at the hips and groins, with
penises against bellies; and at the assholes, with penises deeply fucking.

    They began the rhythm of fucking in ernest.  The music to which they
danced their dance came from some place far away, in time and in space.

    The penises slid in and out of the ready assholes, stroking and being
stroked, fucking and being fucked, kissing and being kissed, fucking,
stroking, rubbing.

    All four boys came at exactly the same moment, not a fraction of a
second apart.  All four came exactly the same amount of jizz.  Tim and
Todd shot exactly the same amount of jizz in exactly the same number of
spurts at exactly the same time into the waiting assholes of Lenny and
Mike.

    Lenny and Mike contracted their asses at exactly the same time,
accepting and milking the jizz-spurts from their lover's penises at
exactly the same intensity and exactly the same rhythm.  Their own dicks
spurted simultaneously, squirting exactly the same load onto the stomachs
they had pressed together in exactly the same way and with the same
pressure.

    The jizzing lasted for exactly the same amount of time for all four of
the boys, and it was a very long time, with many spurts and gushes.

    Then it was over.  But not entirely.  They would have to get up, get
clean, get dressed.  They would have to go back to the Concord, to their
parent's rooms, and that would be very hard for them to do.

    But they would survive, and be back to the motel room the next day.
They had no desire to change partners, or to do it "all together".  The
magic of it came from the two couples as couples, and would envelope them.

    "I love you, Tim!"  Lenny whispered to his lover.

    "I love you, too, Lenny."  Tim replied.

    "I love you, Mike!"  Todd said to him, for the first time in a long
time.

    "I love you, Todd!"  Mike said, really meaning it.

    There was no more said that night.  No more needed to be said.  The
bond was cemented, forever.  Magic had re-entered the world of boys.
