

                          Tina, Part 6

There was silence for a while as each woman was lost in her own
thoughts.  The naked Tina continued to stand, while she smoked and
thought.

It was Natasha who broke the silence: "Well, did you have enough or
did you want more?"

Tina grinned and replied, "Oh, I want more.  At least the paddle,
and maybe a cain."

Natasha whistled.  "You've never had the cain.  Sure you can handle
it?"

"Dunno," was the reply, "but if you tie me and gag me, I'll sure as
hell try."

So it was that Tina was placed on the whipping bench where Natasha
had spent so much time.  The bench was a nicely finished plank of
wood about eighteen inches long on four very sturdy legs about ten
inches high.  At one end, there was a scooped-out, pillory-like
place where Tina rested her neck and then a leather strap across
the top secured her neck there.  A very wide leather belt went
around her waist, holding her fast to the board.  At each forward
leg was a ring.  Leather cuffs on her wrists were locked to these
rings.  Chains extended out from the rear legs to connect to the
cuffs on her ankles.

"I'm going to start with the paddle and the slapper.  Do you want
a gag now?"

"No, let me try it without.  By the way, this whipping block is
quite the bondage device.  I knew you liked to be tied."

She was interrupted by the first slap of the paddle on her right
ass cheek.  She gasped, but said nothing and did not cry out. 
Natasha then took up a regular rhythm, hitting her once every
fifteen seconds, almost like a metronome.  The blows were not
especially forceful, but they were cumulative.  After the
twentieth, Tina began to shift her ass back and forth, but Natasha
was able to compensate so that only one paddle swat missed the
absolute center of an ass cheek.

At the mark of thirty, Natasha announced there would be a break. 
She lighted a cigarette and bent down to hold it to Tina's lips. 
The grateful woman took a deep drag and let the smoke curl upward
after she had again lowered her head.

Natasha continued to smoke, and when she finished, she mashed out
the butt, took up the paddle and resumed Tina's desired ordeal.

The cadence resumed as before: every fifteen seconds, the paddle
would make contact with one or the other of Tina's ass cheeks.  The
thwack was identical.  Natasha wasn't trying to punish Tina's ass,
merely warm it and color it.  From time to time, Tina would emit an
"ooof" or an "ouch," but nothing serious, and Natasha ignored her.

At the sixtieth, Natasha stopped again.  She lighted up and again
offered the butt to Tina.  Tina drew deeply and, smiling shyly, she
asked "How's my ass look?"

Natasha smiled, and then stood.  Gripping the cigarette in her
teeth, she leaned over Tina's ass.  Then, talking around the
cigarette, she said, "Well, it's quite red, and it is very warm. 
Want to quit?"

"Nope," came the prompt reply.

"More paddle or cain?"

A pause, and then "You're in charge.  I want to feel the cain, but
I like what you've been doing too.  How many swats have you given
me?"

"Two doses of thirty each."

"You mean I've had sixty?" Tina asked incredulously.

"You think you've had more?"

"No, no," Tina protested.  "I thought it was lots less.  Keep up
the paddling."

So Natasha began the paddling again.  Tina thought she detected
slightly more force this time, and she knew the cadence had been
increased.  Still, she managed to remain still as Natasha pounded
her ass over and over again with the paddle.

Finally, Natasha put the paddle down; but then, without much pause,
she picked up the slapper and began with the new implement.  This
permitted her to swing from further away.  This, naturally, put
more force into the blows, but it also slowed them.  Tina
appreciated the differences immediately.  She was also able to
glimpse Natasha's face as she swung the slapper, and she was
surprised to see the look of concentration.  Natasha caught her
looking up, and stopped.  

"You scared?" Natasha asked.

"A little.  I may need a gag soon."

"If you need a gag for the slapper, you'll never be able to stand
the cain."

There was short silence, and then Tina said, "Well, gag me now and
start with the cain.  I really do want to feel it."

So Natasha said, "It's your ass."  She walked away to the bathroom
where the girls kept their dirty laundry.  She rummaged in the bag,
pulling out as many pairs of dirty panties she could find.  She
then reached in her leather box and removed a muzzle gag -- nothing
went in the mouth from the gag but anything in the mouth would be
held there.

When Natasha returned, she squatted near her head and said to Tina,
"Open up."

Tina obediently opened her mouth wide, and Natasha began to cram
the dirty panties in Tina's mouth.  Tina had known what was coming;
she'd done the same to Natasha.  Somehow, considering what'd she
done that morning, she didn't think dirty panties would be so bad. 
When her mouth was full, Natasha put the muzzle on her roommate,
and strapped it tightly in place.

A considerable period of time elapsed between the gagging and the
next thing that happened, which Tina quickly interpreted as the
hummm of the cain an instant before it crashed into her red and hot
ass cheeks.

This was AWFUL.

She had NO idea it would be so fierce.  It nearly made her puke. 
Had she not been gagged, she might have yelled uncle; but all she
could do was breathe deeply and shake her head.

"I know that stroke took your breath away.  It's always like that. 
Even for me.  If you really want me to stop, clap your ankles
together, but I want you to know after that first one, the pain is
still fierce but you'll know you can handle it."

She waited.  Tina was tempted to clap her ankles, but instead, she
forced them even further apart.  She reasoned Natasha had the
experience here, so she'd try one more.

She GOT it.  And Natasha was right.  It was fierce.  It was white
hot, but it didn't kill her.  Deep within her chest, she groaned
through her gag, although the sound was heavily muffled.

Natasha gave her four more strokes.  Then she stopped and came
around to sit cross-legged in front of Tina.  She held the cain in
her hands.  

"So what did you think of six of my best?" Natasha asked.

Tina looked at her roommate.  There was pain, but there was also
triumph in her eyes.  She squeezed her eyes tightly shut, and when
she opened them, she rolled her eyes completely around twice, and
then she winked.

"Want some more?"

Just a slight hesitation, and then Tina blinked twice.

Natasha gave Tina six more strokes with the cain, and then she
released her.

Tina stood and tried to rub her ass, but Natasha urged her not to
do so.

"Can you sit?" 

"Dunno, but let's try it," replied Tina, lowering herself gingerly
to the cushions of the couch.  She winced when her skin made
contact, but then she settled and finally leaned back.

"I wouldn't want to do that all the time," Tina said, "but I can
see what you mean."

"What do I mean?" Natasha asked with an amused smile on her face.

Shaking her head, Tina laughed, and then replied, "The cum at cain
stroke 9 was extra good."

Natasha laughed too, and then said, "Okay, now tell me why you
wanted this and why today?"

"I ate shit this morning."

For a moment, Natasha said nothing, and then she repeated, "You ate
shit this morning?"

Tina nodded, and then told Natasha the whole story.

For several long moments, Natasha sat quietly, and then she said,
"Was the spanking and caning then punishment?"

"Nope.  I was just super horny, and I needed something very
different.  What you think?"

"I understand."

Silence, and then Tina asked, "Well, aren't you going to say
anything else?"

"Why should I?  You tried something new.  You liked it.  That's it;
unless you're thinking of asking me to try it."

Tina shook her head.  "What we do is what we each want to do."

They sat that way for several minutes, and then Tina said,
"Natasha, sit on my face."

The semester wound down towards Finals, which would be the last
thing before the Christmas break.  From necessity, they both
wordlessly agreed to put their love life (for that's how each now
viewed it -- not lesbians, but certainly bi-sexuals) on hiatus. 
Tina did give Natasha one moderate spanking/paddling, and Natasha
did suspend Tina once, but the rest of the time they were pretty
quiet.

One evening, however, they took a break from their studying.  Their
casual, studying clothes were remarkably similar: levis and t-
shirts (sans bras, of course); only their footwear differed with
Tina in high boots with her pant legs tucked in and Natasha in her
preferred work boots.  Each had lighted a cigarette and held a wine
glass.

"So you're going skiing with Todd over the break?" asked Natasha. 
"Will you be going home at all?"

Tina nodded, "Oh sure, I won't leave until the 26th.  Mom and Dad
wouldn't forgive me.  Besides, I'd like to see if I can get Dad to
tie me to Mom."

"You going to demonstrate you're newest kink?"

Grinning, Tina replied, "I don't think so.  It's not something I
would feel comfortable recommending to them.  What about you?"

Natasha replied, "Oh, I'll be home for Christmas too.  Mother said
something about us going to Paris for New Years."

Tina whistled, "That would be something."

"I'm not too sure," Natasha replied.  "Unless Mother has some
others lined up, it may end up being just the two of us, and that
could be boring."

There was a silence of several seconds, and then Tina said
brightly, "Let's have our own Christmas Party.  My finals are over
early in the week, and I think I heard you say you were done on
Thursday morning.  We could party Thursday nite, and then go home
on Friday."

"What did you have in mind for a party?"

"Oh, we could have a little tree and presents, and then go out for
a nice, dress-up, sit-down dinner.  What do you say?"

Smiling, Natasha said, "I like it.  Let's do it."

Since Natasha was still studying, Tina took on the responsibility
of decorating after her finals were over.  She found a little tree
and put lights and hung ornaments on it.  And she went shopping. 
Natasha did her shopping on Thursday afternoon, after her last
final.

That evening, each dressed apart from the other.  They had agreed
it would be a dress up occasion, but neither knew what the other
would wear.  Considering their kinks, their independently selected
dress was remarkably conservative.  Tina was wearing a strapless,
black cocktail dress that forced her boobs up.  The dress came
halfway to her knees.  She had on black hose and 4 inch heels.  Her
final accessory was a pair of black kid gloves opera length. 
Natasha also wore black.  She wore a dress with a front but no
back, coming up to a high collar.  Her dress was in velvet and it
hung sensuously.  It too was short, and she had on the obligatory
high heels.  Her gloves were elbow length.

"You wearing anything else?" Tina asked.

Natasha shook her head, and replied, "You?"

Tina grinned, and then said, "Both pussies are bare.  Well, let's
go.  The cab is here."

Each grabbed her coat, purse and the gift they would give the
other, and they left.

Needless to say, the two women caused many heads to turn when they
entered the cozy restaurant.  The crowd was mostly local, and they
didn't often see the kids from the university so dressed up.  For
their part, the two women acted as conservatively as they were
dressed.  Their language was restrained, and they held their
cigarettes and martini glasses elegantly.  It was plain to any who
observed them that they were enjoying themselves, but there was no
double meaning, that is that while the two might be lovers, they
gave no hint.

Finally, over coffee and brandy, they decided to exchange their
gifts.  Tina's gift to Natasha was in a package about three inches
cubed while Natasha's gift to Tina was in a much larger box.

Natasha opened hers first to reveal a complete set of piercing
jewelry: rings for each nipple, four for her cunt lips, ten studs
for her ears and a ring for her nose.

Smiling brightly, Natasha said, "They're beautiful.  You know I
never would have thought of them myself, but now I do.  I just know
I'll enjoy having them put in me.  Now, open yours.  I hope you'll
like it."

The other diners had watched the unwrapping, but none could see the
gift Tina had given Natasha.  They had higher hopes of being able
to see the other's gift, but Tina was discreet.

Immediately after opening the box, she knew it would be rubber
since she noticed the tell-tale odor.  She wondered about the other
diners, and then inwardly shrugged, and proceeded.  When she had
the cover off, she could see a complete rubber body suit.  It
wouldn't be like a cat suit for it was a thicker rubber.  But it
was the helmet that drew her attention.  She resisted the impulse
to pull it out of the box, but she starred at it.  There were
glycine eyelets, a nose cover that could be clamped shut and an
open mouth hole.  Laying beside it, however, were several
attachments for the helmet that could be used to gag her, plug her,
and there was one that was a funnel.  She beamed at Natasha, and
the expression revealed her thanks and expectation.

While the other diners couldn't see what the two women had given
each other, they were able to detect the joy each had in her gift,
and they began to detect an underlying anticipation.  Clearly, each
woman wanted to enjoy her gift, and the other diners appreciated
this.

Nevertheless, with great patience, the two women enjoyed another
cigarette before they departed.

The next day, they were leaving so they did nothing more than sleep
with their faces in the other's cunt that nite.
