
From ddaily@digiforest.com Fri Sep 13 12:35:04 1996
Path: azea.digiforest.com!cam-news-feed1.bbnplanet.com!delphi.com!news-feed.iguide.com!imci2!pull-feed.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news.compuserve.com!ix.netcom.com!news
From: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.incest
Subject: REPOST-  TYO:  Tina - Younger/Older - 2  (Mf, pedo, incest)
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 1996 22:47:40 GMT
Organization: Rosa Lopez Inc ( RLI Industries)
Lines: 1622
Message-ID: <517fn2$s9p@sjx-ixn6.ix.netcom.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dfw-tx17-19.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Wed Sep 11  3:50:10 PM PDT 1996
X-Newsreader: Mr Double Agent        
Xref: azea.digiforest.com alt.sex.stories:1442 alt.sex.incest:597

Archive-name: Young/tina02.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Tina - Younger/Older - 2

****************************************
DOUBLE DISCLAIMER:
I did not write this story.
I don't know who the author is.
****************************************


XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

WARNING ... This story contains graphic descriptions of sex among
pre-teen children and between adults and pre-teen children.  If you
find this offensive stop reading now.
 
This story is entirely fictional and any similarity between persons
and events depicted in it and actual persons and events is purely
coincidental.  The story is pure fantasy and none of the events
described herein are practiced, advocated or condoned by the author.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::






   
        "Ok, Tina.  This is what a man's cock looks like when the man
is really
turned on.  And these", he said lifting his cock up to his belly, "are
my
testicles.  There are 2 of them here and that is where the semen is
made."  He
reached down to her lap and grabbed her hand.  "Go ahead and touch
them, just
cup you hand around them.  That's good.. That feels nice." he said as
he held
her tiny hand to his balls.

        He held her hand against his balls and rubbed them back and
forth. To
Tina they felt huge and soft and .. strange.  She was looking at where
her hand
was touching his nuts when he pulled his cock back down to her face,
almost
touching and moved her hand onto it.

        "Now touch my penis, Tina.  Try to put your hand around it.
That's
good.  Now you're touching me, like I touched you.  It feels good when
you
touch me.  Your such a pretty little girl, you should learn more about
sex, so
you can grow up real pretty.. yeah.. that's right.  Put your hand
around it and
hold it.  Look at it real close.  Your gonna get to know it real
good... That's
right..."

        Jim Phillips was just talking to cover any hesitation on the
part of
this preteen girl.  He had put her hand around his cock and held it
there with
his own, slowly using her tiny hand to jerk himself off in her face.
He talked
even though he knew she wasn't hearing any of the words.  She was
transfixed by
the sight of his erection in her face.

        Tina could not believe the size of Mr. Phillips penis.  He had
put her
hand around it and her finger tips did not reach her thumb.  It was
rock hard
underneath, but soft and smooth on the outside.  He was pushing her
hand up and
down on it and the skin moved back and forth with it.  She could feel
it
pulsing each time she stroked it.  More of the clear pre-cum fluid was
coming
out the end of it.  She could smell it, and it wasn't unpleasant.
This was
amazing.  Tina was starting to feel turned on by the wickedness of
this, and by
the fact that this grown man thought that her little, hairless,
flat-chested 11
year old body was so pretty that he wanted to be naked with her.
Suddenly, he
swayed forward and his hard cock just bumped her face.  Tina started
to jerk
back, but his hand was behind her head, and she couldn't back up.  His
cock
backed up and was again inches away, but Tina was remembering little
Debbie in
the video.

        "Are you gonna ...  Are you gonna put it in my mouth?" she
asked
looking fearfully up at the man.

        "Do you want me to put my penis in your mouth?  I'd really
like to feel
your mouth on my penis, and I'd really like to cum in your mouth. I'm
so turned
on by looking at your little naked body, I think I would cum real
fast.  Is
that what you want?"

        "I don't know.  I...I'm scared."

        "No, honey.. don't be scared.  You saw all those other little
girls
doing it.  They didn't look scared, did they?  Remember the little 7
year old
licking that man's testicles.  She was smiling afterward, remember? So
don't be
scared.. your just nervous because it's your first time, and you don't
know
what to do.  I won't put it in your mouth now if you don't want me to.
But I
will want you to do it a little later, is that ok?"

        "Yeah.. Ok.. What do I do now?"

      Jim could hardly believe it.  Little Tina was so glad that he
wasn't
going to ram his cock into her mouth that she was actually asking what
to do.
"Why don't you use your hands to give me an orgasm like I did to you.
Just take
both your hands and put them on my cock... that's right... now start
moving
them up and down my cock... that's good.. go ahead and squeeze
tighter, Tina..
Yeah.. that's good.  Just keep doing that and I'll ejaculate on your
chest...
that will help your breast grow someday... ohhhh, god.. Looking at a
pretty
little girl like you really has me turned on.... I'm going to cum real
fast...."

        Tina had both hands on his penis now.  He showed her how to
stroke his
hard cock.  It wasn't to difficult, but his cock was so big in her
hands.
After she got the rhythm of it down, he put one hand on her shoulder
and the
other caressed her head and hair.   Tina kept pulling on his cock,
watching the
fluid that kept coming out of it, wondering what it would be like to
see him
shoot his semen on her like the men did to all those other girls in
the video
she had seen.  She didn't have long to wait.

        Jim Phillips was so turned on by this innocent little preteen
wonder.
She was watching his cock, concentrating on it while her tiny hands
jerked it
up and down, urging his seed to come out and cover her prepubescent
body. He
held her shoulder to keep her from backing off, but she didn't seem to
want to.
 Her fine blond hair felt nice to touch, and he had to restrain
himself from
slamming his rigid pecker into her mouth and making her eat his cock.
His
orgasm was building and he continued to urge the little girl on.

        "Good... Girl... Tina.. I'm going to cum, Tina... I'm going to
cum on
you.. on your pretty chest... yeah.. Stroke me, Tina... Faster..
gooood.  Uh..
Faster, honey... That's it.. That's it... Get ready, honey.. I'M GONNA
CUM ON
YOU... Uhhh HERE IT COMES ... WATCH IT ... WATCH IT.....
CUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!"

        Tina felt his huge cock get even larger!!  She felt one hand
clamp down
on her shoulder while the other grabbed her hair.  She couldn't move,
but
then.. she didn't really want to.  His cock started to buck in her
small hands.
 Once.  Twice.  And suddenly the semen shot from his cock onto her
lips and
chin.  It burned where it landed and splattered down her body.
Another shot
burst forth as strong as the first, and again, Tina got hit in the
chin with a
load of cum.  She kept stroking his bucking erection, as it sprayed
cum all
over her 11 year old body.  His next shot was not as strong, and it
landed on
her neck where it rolled down her flat chest.  More semen was shooting
out of
his body and onto hers.  His body spasmed, and his hands twitched.  He
pulled
her closer until his hard cock was against her neck pointing up at her
chin.
His hot semen spurted onto her neck and chin. She was getting soaked
in his
cum.  Finally, his orgasm started to subside. His cum was rolling down
her
body, over her two little pre-breasts, down her flat belly and where
it seeped
into her tiny hairless slit.  He reached down and took her hands off
his cock
and made her lay back on the bed.  He sat down next to her and started
to rub
his cum all over her body.  He rubbed it all over her chest and belly
until her
body glistened with it.  He rubbed it into her tiny cunt until he'd
oiled her
slit all the way to her even tinier asshole.  Finally, he reached up
and rubbed
the cum on her chin up to both her cheeks and across her lips.
        "That was fantastic, Tina.. God, it felt great.  You got
covered in my
semen and you look great..  Here", he said, reaching down to squeeze a
couple
of drops of cum from his cock head, "taste it sweetheart Go on.. Open
your
mouth and taste it."

        And Tina did.  She parted her lips and he slipped his cum
covered
finger into her mouth.  She sucked his finger clean and rolled the
semen around
on her tongue.  It didn't taste bad, in fact, the excitement of what
she had
just experience made it taste special.  His fingers were in front of
her mouth
again, and this time she accepted it without his having to ask.

        The pre-teen girl was glistening with his cum.  Her naked
little body
shone in the light over the bed.  Her hairless mound glinted with his
jism.
Jim Phillips was in heaven, as he feed her his spunk, scooping it off
her
pre-pubescent body.   He never even lost his erection, and he knew
that he
would be ready again to take her in just a few minutes.  This time he
was going
to blow is wad in her hot little mouth, whether she wanted to or not.
He
reached to the bed-side table for a towel and started to wipe her body
down
before his jism had a chance to get to sticky.

        "Did you like that?", he asked as he wiped his cum off her
body. "Did
you like how that made you feel?  I sure did."

        "Your penis is so large and there was so much ... It was neat.
Did it
feel as good as my orgasm?  It was hot too!!  It got on my mouth ! Did
I do Ok?
 Did I do it right?"  Tina was full of questions all of a sudden.  All
the
hesitation was gone now.  She had done it and she wanted to know more.
"Will
it really help my breasts grow?  I want to have big breasts so I can
be a
model."

        "Whoa.. Hold on there..", he said as he finished cleaning the
cum from
her hairless pussy and dropped the towel on the floor.  "One question
at a
time.", he chuckled as he laid out on the bed and cuddled next to the
little
girl, his still hard cock resting on her slender thigh.  "That felt
great,
Tina.  You did really good for your first time.  There are some things
you
could do to make it better, but I'll teach you those later.  For now
you did
really great.  And yes, my cum will make you pretty; it will help your
breasts
grow; get your hair growing down here", he said placing his hand on
her tender
moist pussy, "and make your figure start to develop. But your going to
need
more that just one load, and you'll have to take it in your mouth
too."

        "Does that mean your gonna stick your penis in my mouth?  I
mean.. your
semen didn't taste bad or anything, in fact, it's kinda neat, but..
well your
penis is to big to go in my mouth,  isn't it?"

        "No, Tina.  Your mouth will stretch to hold my cock, and if I
push hard
enough, even your throat will stretch so that maybe I can get my whole
penis
into your mouth.  You'd be surprised.  I mean, I know that my cock is
a bit
larger than average, and with you being 11 years old, your body is
quite small,
but I think, if you and I really try, I'll be able to fit my penis
into all
your holes.  But first, let me ask you a question. How do you like
your sex
lessons so far?"

        Tina thought for a moment.  "At first I was scared because I
didn't
know you were going to be so nice.  I mean, my father would beat me if
he found
out about me and David, but you've been real nice.  And I really like
it when
you make me orgasm.. uhh.. cum.  I really like that part.  I guess I
was scared
when you took off your clothes too, but I made you have an orgasm too,
and that
was neat."

        "Would you like me to make you cum again, Tina?"

        "Oh YEAH!!", she said, spreading her legs for him to have easy
access
to her tiny, but willing pussy.  "I'd love that."

        "Ok, sweetheart, but we're gonna do this differently.  I'm
going to
show you how a man can use his mouth on a girl.  Come on...", he said,
moving
up the bed.  "Get up her and straddle my chest facing me.  No, you
have to put
your cunny closer to my face.  That's good."

        Tina wanted another orgasm like an addict needs his next fix.
She
would do anything for it.  When Mr. Phillips layed down on the bed and
pulled
her arm for her to climb on top of him, she didn't understand what he
wanted.
She climbed onto his chest, but he had to get his arms under her legs,
so she
scooted forward a little.  Her little bald pussy was wide open next to
his
chin.  She was a little embarrassed by that, but didn't have time to
protest.
The next thing she knew, he had taken one of her small round ass
checks in each
of his large hands and pulled her forward onto his mouth.  His tongue
began
caressing her slit, paying close attention to her clit.  Tina
instantly felt
the excitement begin to build.  'God this is great!', she thought to
herself,
all feelings of embarrassment and fear forgotten.  His tongue felt
large on her
little pussy, and his breath was hot on her hairless mound.  She loved
the way
it felt, even when he probed into her virgin cunt, pushing his tongue
deep into
her.

        Jim Phillips didn't wait for the girl to get comfortable on
his chest
but grabbed her tiny ass and pulled her onto his face.  He began
licking her
pussy in earnest as soon as his lips touched hers.  He held onto her
butt, it
felt so small and tender in his hands, and used his hold to push her
harder
onto his mouth.  Her little slit opened for him, and his nose was
pressed up
against her smooth, hairless mound.  Her body felt so smooth and warm.
Her
cunt started to get wet, and her taste was pure virgin girl. He looked
up to
her face and saw her looking down at him, her eyes half closed,
already
starting to feel the building sensations his tongue was giving her.
Jesus,
this was one hot little bitch, he thought to himself. One minute of
cunt
lapping and she's getting ready to pop.  This turned Jim on even more,
and he
pulled the girls body harder onto his face.  He pushed hard with his
tongue
into her tiny pussy, loving the feel of her tight inner lips gripping
his oral
digit.  He kneaded her tender ass with both hands,  letting one slide
down so
that he could probe her asshole with his fingers.

        "Ohhhhhh.. That feels good.. Mr. Phillips...uhhhhhhhhmmmmmm
uhhhhhmmmmmm...."

        She was starting her rhythmic moaning, letting the man under
her know
he was getting her off.  Her hips started to buck and she pressed her
weight
down on the grown mans face even harder, trying to get the most out of
sensation.  Jim let his hand wander further into her crack. His
fingers found
the opening of her pussy and started to probe while he concentrated
his tongue
action on her swelling clit.  He pushed his finger into her small
opening up to
the first knuckle.  Tina didn't seem to notice or mind.  Her hips were
fucking
his face now.  She had let her body fall forward so that her clit was
centered
on his mouth and her cunt even more open to his probing.  She was
grunting with
each thrust of her hips; an animal sound that turned the man on all
the more.
'This little cunt is so hot!!! I'm going to love fucking her!!!' he
was
thinking as he let his finger probe deeper into her cunt hole.  The
little girl
was so wet that his finger slid in easily to the second knuckle where
it hit
the barrier of her cherry.  Jim was so turned on he almost plunged his
finger
in the rest of the way, just so he could feel her tight little cunt
sucking on
his finger, but he held off, wanting to save that sensation for his
cock, which
now stood straight up from his crotch.

        "uh  uh  uh.. uh... uh... uh.... Uhh.. Uhh.. Uhh.. Uhh.. UHH..
UHH.
UHH... UHHHH...UHHHHHHHH... UHHHHHHHHHHHH... AAAAIIIIIIIIIEEEEEYYY.."

        The little pre-teen was bucking wildly on the grown man's
face. Her
pussy was pulsing on the man's mouth, sending small floods of her cunt
juice
into his mouth.  The man was shaking his head on her bald slit,
beating her
clit with his tongue as his fingers probed her virgin pussy and ass.
Both of
them were in heaven.  Tina was in convulsions that she hoped would
never end.
Jim Phillips wanted to taste this little girl forever, the sensation
of her
losing all control because of his tongue one of the biggest turnon's
he could
imagine.

        Tina kept fucking Jim's face until her orgasm died.  By then
she was
too exhausted to move.  She was on her hands and knees, her cunt
resting on Jim
Phillips mouth, her flat belly just above his face. Jim could look
down and see
her hairless mound, and look up to see her flushed face hanging down,
eyes
closed above her flat chest.  He took his fingers out of her cunt and
stopped
massaging her little brown shit hole.  Tina gave a small jerk when is
finger
popped free of her tight pussy, but she was too exhausted to react
further.
Jim took his hands off her ass and pussy and reached up to her waist.
He
pulled the spent little girl into a kneeling position, her pussy on
his chest
and then guided her fall to his side on the bed.  Tina's eyes barely
opened
during all this.

        "Tina.... Tina.... That was good wasn't it?"

        "uh huh", came her whispered reply.

        "That was better than just my fingers, wasn't it Tina?"

        Again, a whispered, "uh huh"

        "Now you understand why a man's mouth feels so much better
than his
hands.  And you can guess that a girls mouth feels just that much
better on a
man's cock than a girls hands... Right?"

        "uh huh"

        "Tina, I'm really turned on.  Watching you cum for me like
that and
feeling you cunny on my mouth has got me really turned on.  Feel?", he
said
taking her limp hand and putting it on his erection.  Her hand went
around it
and held on, moving slightly up and down.

        "uh huh"

        "I want your mouth, Tina.  I want to feel your mouth on my
cock. I want
to fuck you in the mouth, sweetheart.  Ok?"  He didn't wait for her to
answer,
but started to get up.

        "I uh.. guess so...", Tina said.  She opened her eyes and
watched the
man lift his leg and straddle her small flat chest, pinning one arm
down
against her side.  His balls hung down between her small pre-breasts
and his
cock pointed over her head.  He leaned forward, his penis brushing her
cheek,
and grabbed a pillow from the head of the bed.  His cock felt hot
against her
cheek, and it pulsed a few times before he leaned his weight back. He
put a
hand behind her head and propped it up with the pillow so that his
prick was
pointing straight at her mouth.  He reached down and started to stroke
his huge
penis just 3 inches in front of her innocent face.

        "Tina.  Tell me you want me to do it, please.  Tell me that
you really
want to make me feel as good as I made you feel.  Tell me you want to
suck my
cock."

        The 11 year old girl looked up at Jim Phillips and in a still
dreamy
voice said, "I do want you to feel good.. I do want to suck your
cock...
but....I don't know how."

        "Don't worry sweetheart, this time I think I just want to fuck
your
mouth.  Later you can learn new things, OK?"

        "Okay..."

        "Take it in your hand, sweetheart.  Take it and show me you
really want
to suck me.  Put it in your mouth for me, precious."

        Tina reached up with one hand and took his huge cock.  Clear
pre-cum
fluid dripped off the end and onto her chin.  She looked up into his
eyes one
more time, then pulled his cock forward to her mouth.  She stopped as
her lips
touched the end of his cock.  'God, it's huge', she thought to her
self.  It
felt hot against her slightly parted lips.

        "Go on precious, show me you really want me.  Lick the end of
it, Tina.
 Lick my cock.  Give it a taste.  You'll see.. You can do it, Tina."
Her breath
on his cock was making it twitch in her hand and on her lips.  His
pre-cum
dripped onto her precious lips where it slid into her mouth.

        The little girl was mesmerized by the huge cock pulsing
against her
lips.  Her tongue slipped out almost on it's own and touched the end
of his
penis.  Ok.. that wasn't so bad.  She did it again.  This time making
an effort
to lick the clear fluid that was dribbling from the end of his cock
onto her
lips.  It didn't taste much like anything, but the act of doing it
turned Tina
on.  She could feel her pussy getting wet in response to this new sex
act.  She
licked his cock again.  This time running her tongue all the way out
and down
the underside the head.  It jerked strongly in her hand, and she knew
she was
turning him on.

        "Do it, Tina.  I want you to put my cock in your mouth now.
Open your
mouth wide and put my cock in now, sweetheart.  God, your face is so
beautiful
licking my cock.  I want to see you suck me, baby..  Go on... put it
in that
hot little mouth of yours and suck me off, Tina"

        This was the moment of truth.  Tina opened her mouth wide and
gently
pulled the man's hard penis into her mouth.  The head went halfway in
before
she had to open her mouth even wider.  As his enormous dick moved into
her
mouth it jerked rapidly, pressing against the roof off her mouth with
each
spasm.

        "Ohhh God, baby.. That's it.. Suck me now.. Suck me...."

        Tina had stopped pulling on his prick, but Jim Phillips had
not stopped
entering her.  His hips continued forward after Tina stopped pulling
him into
her mouth.  His cock filled her 11 year old mouth, the spongy head
making it's
way to the back of her mouth.  Tina's hand was still on his cock, but
it hung
there limp.  Her lips were stretched around the shaft of his huge
pecker.  She
could feel the veins on his cock, pounding with blood as her little
mouth
stimulated him.  She gave an experimental suck on the mass that filled
her
mouth, and his penis responded with a large jerk.  She heard him moan,
and
looked up to see his face.  He was looking down at her, his eyes wide.

        "That's right baby..... Try to suck it... Ohhh, God your mouth
is
hot...  Go on, baby.. Use that pretty mouth of yours."  His hand
reached for
the back of her head.

        Jim Phillips was in heaven.  He looked down and saw his huge
wang
disappearing into the little pre-teenagers face, her eyes looking up
at him,
waiting for instructions.  His cock was jerking in her mouth so hard
that her
head bounced with each twitch.  Experimentally he gave a small shove
with his
hips, and more of his cock disappeared into her mouth.  She tried to
suck, but
her mouth was spread so wide that she couldn't manage it very well.
No matter.
 Her little virgin mouth was so small and tight Jim knew that just by
fucking
her face he would soon be dumping his load down her throat.  He
started to fuck
her face in earnest, one hand cupping the back of her head making sure
she had
no where to go to get away from his oncoming penis.

        Jim Phillips grabbed the back of Tina's head and pulled her
deeper onto
his cock.  Tina didn't think any more would fit, but the Mr. Phillips
kept
pushing it harder and harder into her mouth. She was having trouble
breathing
and soon realized that she would have to breath on his out stroke in
rhythm
with his thrusts. He was thrusting harder and harder.  The head was
hitting the
back of her mouth and little Tina started to gag.  'God, I can't take
this...
It's too big!!!'  The giant cock was pushing hard on the 11 year old
girls
throat.  She was beginning to panic, but there was nothing she could
do. Much
of his weight was resting on her chest.  She couldn't move her head
back
because he held it in a firm grip.  She couldn't cry out because her
mouth was
totally stuffed with his enormous cock.  She tried to make some noise,
but the
only sound that escaped were rhythmic moans in time with his hard
thrusts.
        "Good girl... Good girl.. Oh, god you look beautiful with your
uh...
mouth on my cock!!   Uh... Come on, honey... Relax... You can take
more...
Uh... Uh... More, baby..." He was pulling on her head hard now, and
about half
of his rigid erection was buried into the pre-teen's face. He held
back his
load as best he could.  Jim wanted to feel her throat around his cock,
then
he'd give her a load of jism she'd never forget. "Baby.. uh... I'm
gonna shove
it in real...uh.. hard now.. You gotta relax your throat... uh... just
let it
in....Baby.. uh  Pretty baby... Here goes...UHHH" And he rammed his
hips
forward.

        Little Tina heard his warning, and panicked even more.  Her
little
mouth was being raped and there was nothing she could do.  She felt
his hand
tighten in her hair and felt his huge thighs on either side of her
flat chest
flex to ram his cock into her face.  The head of his cock hit her
throat, but
did not ease off any pressure, instead Mr. Phillips pushed harder with
his hand
on the back of her head.  Tina flipped out.  'It's gonna KILL ME...
Please
GOD!!!'  Slowly his cock pushed into her virgin throat.  She felt more
of his
pecker slipping past her lips, over her tongue, and into her throat.
'OH
GOD!!! I DID IT.  IT WENT IN!! I DON'T BELIEVE IT!!' she thought to
herself.
In her panic she had somehow opened her throat to accept the man's
giant organ.
 And down it went.  Tina's throat bulged out as Mr. Phillips shoved
his cock
all the way into the small girls face.  The next thing Tina knew his
soft
testicles were pushed onto her chin, one on either side, and his rough
pubic
hair was pressed onto her nose.  He held her there for just a second,
and then
slowly eased his cock back out of her throat until just the head was
in her
mouth.

        OOHHHHHH GOOOOOOOWWWDDDDDDD... OHHH BABY!!!.. OH GOD.. You're
the
best.. OH JESUS.. your tight there. baby.  You DID IT!! You DID IT,
sweetheart.
 You took my WHOLE COCK... Oh, god what an angel you are!!! Do you
feel ok?
Oh... Sweet Jesus that felt good.  Oh, honey, you got the best mouth
I've ever
felt!!!"  Phillips was praising the little girl left and right,
knowing he had
scared her by forcing his tremendous penis into her virgin throat.
He'd felt
her panic.  He'd felt her small struggles. But he'd rammed it to her
anyway,
and loved it.  Now he was ready to shoot her mouth to overflowing with
his
cream, and he wanted, yet again, for this little pre-pubescent child
to ASK FOR
IT!!!   "Tina, you're fantastic!!  Are you okay?"  He pulled his hips
back
slightly so she could answer.

        His cock pulled back out of her mouth, and it's weight resting
on her
lower lip.  Tina took some deep breaths before trying to answer, the
air
feeling like a cool drink in the desert.  She had heard is praise, his
down-right adulation, and it turned her head completely. 'No one has
ever said
anything like that to me', she thought.  'He really loved it.  I did
it really
great!!  It's like I was a grown up and he's my lover, like in a
romantic
book!!'  She was thinking that just to hear such praise from anyone
she would
do just about anything when he tenderly touched her cheek and she
looked up at
him.

        "Are you okay, sweetheart?"

        "uh.. Yeah, I guess."

        "You did that really well and your mouth feels fantastic!  I
know it's
hard to do, honey.  Do you think you could try again?  I'm really
turned on,
and I'm ready to have an orgasm.  Do you want me to have an orgasm in
your
mouth, honey?  Tell me you want a hot load of semen in your fantastic
little
mouth, baby.  Go on, tell my you want my penis in your mouth pumping
you full
of hot cum..."

        Tina saw the lust in his eyes.  Part of her knew that it
didn't really
matter what she said, she was going to get a mouthful of cream. But
another
part, the part that listened to the flattery, the part that needed to
be loved,
wanted to please Mr. Phillips.  That part started talking.

        "Oh, yes.. I want your penis in my mouth.  I want to make you
cum like
you made me cum.  I really want to feel you orgasm in my mouth."

        That did it.  The cock that had been resting on her chin
surged back
into her mouth.  The head spreading her lips, almost before the last
word was
out.  It rammed back to her glottis, stretching her jaws.  Jim
Phillips began
fucking this 11 year old mouth in earnest.  He was blind to anything
but
drowning her in his hot white seed.  It was only going to take a few
seconds,
he was totally turned on by hearing his little naked school-girl ask
for his
hot cock in her tight mouth.  Only a few more pumps....

        'Holy cow', thought Tina.  Mr. Phillips had rammed her so hard
that
he'd almost lost a grip on her head, but not for long.  He pulled her
head
rapidly on and off his cock.  Her battered little mouth was filled
with hot,
jerking meat.  He pushed so hard that he re-entered her tight throat.
She felt
the spongy head go down before she even knew what happened.

        "UHHH UHHH UHHH UHHH.. Ohh BABY.. UHHH HERE IT CUMMMM... OH,
SHIT!!!
FUCK!!!! AAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"

        The huge penis in her mouth expanded even more.  It spasmed
hard. Once.
 Twice.  And suddenly Tina was drowning in cum.  It shot from his cock
to her
throat, where it gagged her.  Her gagging just tightened her mouth on
his
pulsing throat.  The next shot filled the remaining room in her little
mouth
with hot sperm.  She tried to swallow the semen that was in her throat
before
she dealt with the jism in her mouth, but the third shot came as
powerfully as
the first two.  With nowhere to go, jism exploded out the sided of her
mouth
and down both cheeks. His cock bucked again, and more sperm flooded
her mouth.
'God, I have to drink this as fast as I can', she thought.  And she
drank.  As
fast as she could swallow, more spunk shot into her mouth.  It was hot
and
thick.  Hotter than the last of his semen that she had tasted because
it was
fresh from his cock rather than scooped off her flat-chest.  It tasted
strange,
but not bad, though she didn't have alot of time for tasting.  Little
11 year
old Tina, who up to that morning had never even seen a boys "thing",
now had to
drink cum as fast as she could from the erect penis of a 42 year old
man, if
she didn't want to have it running down her face.  And drink she did.

        Finally, Mr. Phillips cock stopped shooting cum into her face,
though
it didn't stop jerking.  She wiggled her tongue experimentally, and
got it to
jerk harder and she heard a long groan from the man on top of her.
His hand
had came off the back of her head and landed hard on the bed above her
head,
supporting the spent man. His cock began to feel smaller in her mouth,
but the
Mr. Phillips wasn't moving.  It still throbbed between her lips, but
it didn't
seem as hard and large as it was before.  Tina couldn't understand it,
and she
didn't know what to do.  Mr. Phillips was just sitting on her chest,
not moving
with his cock in her mouth, but his cock was slowly retracting from
her mouth.
Tina was confused.  'Did I do something wrong?  What's wrong with his
penis?'
she wondered to herself.  She was starting to think that she'd done
something
wrong to cause Mr. Phillips to go so quiet and still, and for his
penis to seem
to be retracting itself from her mouth.  Finally, she relaxed her lips
and his
spent cock fell from her mouth onto her chest.

        "Are you okay, Mr. Phillips?  Did I do something wrong?", she
asked in
a small voice.

        He paused to catch his breathe before answering.  "No, Tina.
That was
fantastic.  You did great."

        "What's wrong with your wiener.. uh I mean penis?"  She tried
to look
down her cum covered cheeks to see the limp cock resting on her chest.
"It's
not hard anymore."

        "I know....  Hold on... I gotta lay down."  He swung his leg
over the
small pre-teen and lay down next to her.  He put an arm under her and
cuddled
her close.  "Wheeeew... God that was good", he said when he got
settled.
"First, are you okay?  I was pushing pretty hard and you drank alot of
cum...
How's your mouth?", he asked reaching up an massaging her jaws.  "Is
your mouth
sore?  Did you like me cumming in your mouth?"

        "I'm okay.  Yeah.. My jaws hurt.  You cock is.. err was so
big. You
really scared me when you pushed it all the way in."

        "I'm sorry, sweetheart, but you did it.  You managed to take
my whole
cock in your mouth!!  You were great."

        "Really?  Did it really feel good?"

        "You can't begin to imagine, baby.  How did you like your
first blow
job?"

        "Blow job?  What's that?"

        "That's one word for a girl using her mouth to make her man
cum. What
did you think of me cumming in your mouth?"

        "God there was alot of it.  At first, I didn't know what to
do, and I
got some in the back of my mouth, so I had to swallow.  Then I just
tried to
swallow it all.  That's okay isn't it?  I mean, I won't have a baby or
anything
will I?"

        "No, Tina.  That's not how babies are made.  I'll explain that
later.
You gotta trust me though.  I won't get you pregnant.  It's good that
you
swallowed my cum, it'll help you grow up pretty.  How'd you like that
taste?
Was it okay?"

        "It's kinda sour, but it's not too bad.  There was just so
much, I
couldn't keep it all in" she said, reaching up to touch her cheek,
still wet
with his semen.  "I think I could do it again, if you really wanted me
to.  Did
I really make you feel as good as when I had an orgasm?"

        "You sure did, honey."

        "But what happened to your pe.. uh cock?  It was all big, but
now ...",
she let the sentence taper off, looking down at where his limp dick
resting on
her smooth thigh.

        "A man's cock isn't hard all the time, Tina.  That's one of
the things
that your friends probably learned in school.  It only gets hard when
the man
is turned on or sexually attracted to something.  It could be nude
pictures, or
someone touching his body in certain ways, or even pretty little girls
who want
to learn about sex.  You really turned me on, honey.  God, your little
body is
great.  Hey.. you want to look at my cock now that it's not so hard?"

        "Sure."

        "Well, sit it and take a good look, sweetheart", he said,
flopping down
on his back next to her.

        The naked pre-teen got up on her knees nest to the man.  She
scooted
down his body until she could look down on where is now limp cock
rested on his
balls.  She reached out and touched it with a finger tip.

        "You can handle it, if you want.  It won't bite."

        She did.  She put her small hand around this an lifted it off
his
testicles.  Some small bit of cum still clung to the end and she
touched this
with her other finger.  The little girl turned his cock in every
direction,
noting the veins that ran down the side; the way the head looked like
a long
bulb on the end of a stalk; how is testicles were attached to the
bottom; how
his testicles seemed to move on their own inside the sack as she move
is cock
this way and that.

        "Can I touch your testicles too?"

        "Sure honey.  You can call them balls if you want, that's the
slang.
Go ahead and feel what they are like, but gently."

        She reached out with her other hand and cupped his balls in
it. There
were 2 of them, and they seemed to move around in her hand.  They sure
felt
like balls, and they were really warm.

        Jim Phillips couldn't ask for a nicer ending to this session
with Tina
West.  The little pre-teen kneeling over his body, fondling his cock
and balls
with both hands while he relaxed from fucking her virgin mouth.  His
hand
rested on her smooth round buttocks and he let his fingers gently
probe her
nether reaches.  Her initial fear of being naked with a grown man was
completely gone.  He'd given her a taste of days to come, and she
seemed to
want more.  Now to seal the deal.

        "So, Tina, what do you think of your sex lessons so far?  Did
you like
learning about orgasms?"

        She looked up from her examination of his limp organ, "Yeah, I
loved
it."

        "You know there's alot more I can teach you if you want to
learn. You
have to go home pretty soon, but would you like to come back and learn
more
about sex?"

        "I guess so.  What sorta things are there?"

        "Oh gosh, Tina, there's all sorts of things to learn.  We've
just
barely scratched the surface.  I'll teach you everything about sex, if
you
really want to learn.  I'll teach you stuff they NEVER teach in
school.  I tell
you how babies are made, and your body develops, and all about
fucking.  I
teach you about anal sex, lesbian sex, bondage, and group sex, and all
sorts of
stuff.  But you've got to tell me you really want to come back for my
lessons.
And of course, you'll be having alot of orgasms, if you come back.  I
can even
show you how to masturbate yourself so you can have your own orgasms
any time
you want.  You'd like that wouldn't you, honey?"

        "Oh YEAH", she said. Tina didn't understand most of what Mr.
Phillips
had told her.  Terms like 'anal sex', and 'lesbian sex' had no meaning
for her.
 She didn't know what 'bondage' meant, and couldn't picture what
'group sex'
was, though the words were both meaningful to her.  Having more
orgasms, and
learning how to make them happen herself sounded like a great idea,
though.
"I'd love to come back and learn all that stuff.  I'd love to learn
how to
master.."

        "Masturbate."

        "Yeah... Masturbate, so I could have an orgasm.  Will you show
me that,
please?"

        "Sure, sweetheart.  That, and a whole lot more, but for right
now, we
better get you cleaned up.  It's almost dinner time and you should be
heading
home."  He got up off the bed, and left the room, coming back minute
later with
a towel and a damp dish cloth.  Tina liked watching him walk around
with no
clothes on.  His penis hung down between his legs and moved back an
forth as he
walked.  She thought it was neat.

        He sat with her on the bed and gently cleaned the drying cum
off her
face.  Some of it had gotten in her hair and he cleaned this as best
he could,
knowing that it would not be noticeable once her hair dried. He wiped
off her
small body with the warm damp towel, paying careful attention to her
small
hairless pussy, which had some dried cum on the puffy clam-like outer
lips.  He
had her lay back and spread her legs while he made sure she was clean
all the
way to her tiny anus.

        Tina tingled with delight.  No one had ever paid her this kind
of
gentle loving attention in her whole life.  Mr. Phillips gently wiped
her whole
body down, and her small pussy responded to his touch.  Tina was ready
for him
to give her yet another orgasm.  She wanted him to massage her in her
cunny
until the blind spasms once again rocked her little body.  She was
disappointed
when he dried her off and got up to put the towel and wash cloth away.

        Jim Phillips delighted in cleaning her small body.  She
willing parted
her legs to give him access to her cunt.  He massaged her there for a
minute to
give her a taste of possible future delights, but made sure to leave
her
hanging so she would want more.  After throwing the towels in the
laundry, he
helped the little girl get dressed in her white panties, shorts and
blouse.
While she was putting her sox and shoes on, he pulled on his pants and
shirt.

        "Ok, Tina.  Now tomorrow is a school day.  You can come over
after
school and we can have some more fun, and some more lessons. But one
thing,
Tina.  You can't tell anyone about what we're doing here, alright
honey.  If
you did, we'd both be in plenty of trouble. And don't forget about
David.  He'd
be in the fix with both of us. And your parents wouldn't be to happy,
now would
they?"

        "I won't tell anyone.  I promise.  I'd be in big trouble if my
Dad
found out about David and me.  He'd probably beat me up."

        "I don't want that to happen, sweetheart.  So I won't tell
anyone about
any of this.  I promise.

        "I promise not to tell too."

        "And you'll come back after school tomorrow.  I know you have
time
after school because I've seen you playing after school in the park,
and don't
both your parents work?"

        "Yeah.  They don't get home til 6:00 most nights.  There's a
sitter
that takes care of us, but most of the time she doesn't care what we
do, so
long as we don't make a mess."

        "Good!  Then you and I can have some more fun tomorrow.  I'll
see you
then, okay?"

        "Okay.  Bye"

        "Bye, Tina", he said as he let her out the back door.  To
anyone
watching it would just appear as if Tina was cutting through Jim
Phillips yard.
 No one would guess that the little girl was just coming from his
house after a
wild sex session with this grown man.

        Jim Phillips watched little Tina West skip out of sight toward
her
home.  Half an hour later, he made a phone call, and 10 minutes after
that
David Wallace, the boy he had "caught" Tina playing doctor with was
knocking on
his front door.

        "Come on it, David.  Here you go.  50 bucks, just like I
promised. Good
job."

        "It was easy, just like you said," the 14 year old boy
replied. "I just
kept saying she was cute and that we could be friends, but I wanted to
see just
how pretty she was, and she went along with it.  How did you know
she'd do it?"

        "I've been watching that family for a while.  Her Dad's a loud
mouth,
abusive drunk, and her mother's just given up.  Give those kids a few
kind
words and they'll do anything for you.  Believe me.  I've seen it a
hundred
times before."

        "Okay. .. err  Do I still get the other thing.. you know.."

        "Sure, Dave.  You'll get to fuck her.  I'll make sure of that.
Maybe
both her sisters too.  You just be patient and let me arrange
everything.
You'll be hearing from me."

        "Okay, great.  I guess I'll be seeing you."

        "Okay, Dave.  And remember pal.  Not a word of this to anyone.
After
all, I still got those pictures, and you wouldn't want all your macho
friends
to see them would you?"

        "uh.. no", he answered in a small voice.  The carrot and the
stick. It
had been a few months, but Jim Phillips still had the stick.  How he'd
let
himself get into this situation, he'd never be able to figure out. But
still..
he had 50 bucks in his pocket and the promise of some sex with a near
virgin.
Dave Wallace didn't figure it was too bad.

        "Good.  I'll be in touch when things are all set up, or if I
need
another favor in the mean time.  Bye", and he closed the door.  'Not
bad', Jim
Phillips thought to himself.  This is going to work out pretty good.
'Better
get up there and start editing that tape.  Gonna need some of that
tomorrow
when little Tina show's up.'  And with that thought, he locked the
door and
returned to his special video room to see how today's pictures had
turned out,
and to edit little Tina into his private collection of kiddie porn.
"Not bad",
he said to himself.

==============================================================================

                  Chapter 2 - The lessons continue

==============================================================================

        Tina's next day at school passed like a dream. She couldn't
pay any
attention to what was going on in class because she kept thinking
about going
to Mr. Phillips house at the end of the day and having more orgasms.
She
looked around at the other girls in her 6th grade class at Our Lady of
Grace
Elementary to compare her looks to them.  Mr. Phillips had said she
was pretty,
but Tina had never really thought of herself that way. Jennifer Colton
was the
prettiest girl in her class, with her long blond hair that went all
down her
back, course the Nun's made her keep it in a pigtail, but anyone could
see how
nice it would look.  And Sally Simmons had the biggest breasts of any
girl in
the class, though they still didn't need more than a training bra.
Tina began
to think that maybe she didn't look as bad as she had always thought.
She'd
certainly turned on Jim Phillips.  He'd really covered her in cream..
semen..
yeah.. Now she knew the right words.  He'd really cum alot.  And she'd
taken
all of his cock into her mouth.  Right down her throat.  She bet
Jennifer
Colton or even Sally Simmons, with her biggest breasts in the class,
hadn't
done that.  Maybe all these other girls had gone to that sex ed class.
Big
deal.  She had her own teacher, and she knew things that Jennifer and
Sally
didn't.

        Such thoughts filled her whole day, until the final bell rang
and the
kids made their usual chaotic exit from Our Lady.  They all had plans
for after
school, most of them consisting of various forms of play, but Tina
West had
plans that none of the others could guess, and it made her feel
special.  She
didn't know what today's lessons would be, but if it involved Mr.
Phillips
rubbing her little pussy then anything else would be ok.  It really
made her
feel special to have this secret that the others would never know.
She grabbed
her books and started her usually walk home, cutting through old Mrs.
Jenson's
yard like she always did.  Mrs. Jenson was in her garden, and never
minded the
kids going through her yard. She waved, "Hi, Tina"

        "Hi, Mrs. Jenson", she answered.  'Bet you can't guess where
I'm
going', she thought to herself.  She skipped down the street and then
cut
through the Dickerson's property to get to the back yard of Mr.
Phillips.  She
walked up to the back door, just a little hesitant, now that the time
she'd
been thinking about had finally arrived, and knocked on his door.  It
opened a
second later, and Jim Phillips beamed at little Tina.

        "Well, hello, Tina!  Nice to see you.  Want to come in?"

        "Uh huh"

        "Ok, come on in", he said, double checking to see that none of
the
other children were in sight before letting Tina pass in her little
school
uniform.  "So, sweetheart, you really did come back after all.  I
guess you
really want some more special lessons, huh?"

        "Uh huh.  I kept thinking about it all day!  I bet none of the
other
girls know the stuff I know, even if they did go to that dumb class."

        "Well, Tina. Don't be so sure.  There are lots of men out
there who are
willing to help young girls learn about sex.  Hey, you saw some in the
video's
yesterday.  'Member the scene with little Debbie sucking those guys
off.  And
she was younger than you.  So, don't be too sure about all the other
girls in
your class.  Just like you can't tell anyone about your lessons, they
can't
tell anyone about theirs."

        "You mean other girls in my class might be learning about sex
too? I
mean, with like.. men?"

        "Tina, I know for a fact that there are girls in your class
who are.
And I know the men doing the teaching.  I know girls younger than you
who are
doing things you don't even know about yet."

        "Wow... I didn't think of that."

        "Maybe later, I'll let you meet some of the other men I know
who are
into young girls.  Maybe they could even bring their little friends
with them,
so you can meet some other girls who know the special secrets you're
going to
learn."

        "That'd be neat.  I never knew that men did this.  The nuns at
school
always make out like sex is so bad, and that we have to wait til we're
married
before we even let a guy touch us."

        "Well, the nuns in your school just reflect what society
thinks of
little girls, Tina.  Problem is, society keeps right on treating you
that way
even after your all grown up.  They say there are things that women
aren't
supposed to do, and that men should be the bosses of everything.
That's what
the women's liberation movement is all about.  Trying to make society
stop
telling women, and young girls, what they can and can't do, or can and
can't
be."

        "Wow.. I never thought of that."

        "Yeah.  But until the day comes when people are allowed to be
really
free, and I mean sexually free as well, we have to keep what we're
doing a
secret.  Okay?"

        "Okay.  I can keep a secret, no problem."

        "Okay, good girl.  So, are you ready to learn something new
today?"

        "Yeah. What do you want me to do?"

        "Well, honey, today we're going to explore your body some
more. I want
to explain your sex organs to you so you know all about them, and how
they can
give you pleasure.  First, I want to show you some video pictures that
will
help explain it all.  That's the easiest thing, since you can't really
look at
your own cunny very well, except with mirrors. So let's go back up to
our room
and settle down to watch some pictures while I explain, okay?"

        'Our room...', she thought, 'He called it OUR ROOM... God, he
makes me
feel really special'.  "Yeah.. That would be great.  I always wanted
to look at
myself, but I can't see it so good."

        "Well, Tina, these pictures will explain everything.  Believe
me."  As
he said this he put his arm around the little girl in her catholic
school
uniform and led her up the stairs.  She looked great in her
knee-length green
plaid skirt, white blouse, white sox and saddle shoes.  She was every
child
molesters dream.  'But she's mine to molest', he thought as he led the
11 year
girl to his special video room.  After sitting her down on the edge of
the bed,
he put today's video on the player and switched on the set.

        "Okay, Tina.  Now I'm going to show you some pictures of
women's
vaginas..  That's the correct word for cunny.  I'll stop the picture
now and
then to explain what's going on, and if you see anything you don't
understand,
you let me know and I'll explain it, okay?"

        "Okay."

        "Good."  He started up the video tape.  The first segment was
of a
woman masturbating for the camera.  She reached down and rubbed her
pussy for a
minute and then took both hands and spread the lips while the camera
zoomed in
to take a close-up of her juicy cunt.  Jim Phillips stopped the
picture.  "Now
this is a really good picture of a woman's vagina. Now you can see
that a grown
women has hair on her vagina that you don't. Don't worry, someday it
will grow
just like that, only blond for you. Now the small bump that is
sticking up at
the top is the clitoris, or just clit.  It's the part that is the most
sensitive.  Remember when I rubbed you yesterday and made you cum?"

        "Uh huh"

        "Well, that's the part I was rubbing.  If you rub it yourself,
that's
called masturbation.  You can rub your little clit yourself, and have
an orgasm
that way, though it's almost always better when someone else does it
for you.
Now if you look down a little lower, you see between her lips...
there's a hole
there.  Now that is the part that a man uses during intercourse."

        "What's that?"

        "Well, intercourse is how men make babies inside of women.
When the
man gets turned on and his penis gets hard, like you saw yesterday, he
can push
it into that hole and shoot his semen in there.  If the woman is ready
for a
baby, then she gets pregnant."

        "Your kidding!!  A man sticks his thing inside the woman's
cun..er..
vagina?"

        "That's right, honey.  Another word for intercourse is
fucking. When a
man fucks a girl, he pushes his cock into her vagina.  Then he can
either shoot
his semen in there, or pull it out and shoot it someplace else, like
in her
mouth."

        "And if he shoots in the girl, she has a baby?"

        "Not every time.  You see, the semen from a man is only half
of what is
needed to make a baby.  The woman must have an egg in her body, an egg
that her
body makes.  When this meets the semen, then the woman can get
pregnant."

        "Would I get pregnant if you did that to me?"

        "No, Tina.  Your probably too young to get pregnant.  Your
body hasn't
developed yet to the point of producing eggs.  And if I were to fuck
you, and
cum inside you, you couldn't get pregnant because I had an operation
that
stops me from making any women pregnant."

        "Oh."

        "Now, let's watch this pretty woman masturbate for us.  Then
you can
try masturbating on your own."  He started the video again, and the
woman
massaged her pussy lips apart and then together, and then apart and
together.
The camera stayed in a tight close up, and Tina stayed glued to the
scene.
She'd never seen a vagina really close up before, she'd always been
told it was
bad to be to curious about it. Now she paid real close attention
because she
was going to learn to master.. master.. she couldn't think of the
word, but it
meant being able to have an orgasm.  That's what I really want to do,
she
thought.

        On the screen, the woman played with herself for another
minute before
getting into really serious jerking off.  Once she started, there was
no doubt
that she enjoyed what she did.  Her moaning, and the look of pleasure
on her
face were clues that Tina didn't miss.  Her finger was working her
clit quite
hard, up and down, and up and down, then some circular jerks, and back
to up
and down.  'Is that all you gotta do?', thought Tina.  'I can do that
easy.
Just rub the clit...that's not hard', she thought.  The woman on
screen
continued playing with herself, her other hand massaging her ample
tits.  Her
motions became more frantic, and the speed of her finger on her clit
increased.
She was panting, like she was finding it hard to breath.  "Oh... God..
Oh..
God... Oh... God.. I'm gonna cummm..", she said.  Her finger was now a
blur on
her pussy.  Her other hand was gripping the bedspread.  "OH
GODDDDD.... I'M
CUMMMMMIIIINNNNNNNGGGGGGGGG..AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH..." Her
body
bucked in time with her pleasure.  Tina understood what the woman was
feeling,
she wanted to feel that way herself.  Unconsciously her hand had
wandered down
to her crotch and she was beginning to massage herself there.  "AHHHH
AHHHH
AHHHH AHHHH AHHHH AHHH AHHH.." the woman on the screen continued.
Finally
though, she was spent, and she relaxed on the bed moaning for the
camera.  The
camera made a zoom into her face to capture the look of relaxed
pleasure there.
Then Mr. Phillips froze the picture.

        "Ok, Tina.  That's how a girl can have an orgasm all by
herself. All
you have to do is rub your clit until it feels good.  You'll have to
experiment
a little to see what is best for you, but it's really not too hard.
Would you
like to try it?"

        "Yeah..", she said, her hand already putting pressure on her
cunt. "I'd
really like to learn how to do that!!"

        "Ok, sweetheart, just pull down your panties and you can try
it. Here,
I'll help." And with that he pulled up the portion of her skirt she
was sitting
on and reached for the waist band of her panties. Little Tina
cooperated by
lifting her slim butt off the bed while he worked her white cotton
panties down
her slender legs and over her sox and saddle shoes.  Then he lifted up
the
front of her skirt to reveal her bald vagina, and reached in to touch
her clit.

        Tina jumped at his touch.  His finger probed her hairless slit
and
found it already wet from watching the woman jerk off on screen.

        "Lay back, sweetheart.  Pull up your skirt and spread your
legs. That's
a good girl.  Now give me your hand.  Feel yourself honey", he said as
he
guided her hand to her naked cunt.  He pressed her small fingers into
her
slender little clam, pressing on her lips until they parted and he
could guide
her own fingers into her juicy cunt."

        "It's all wet.  Why's it all wet?"

        "It means you're turned on, sweetheart", he replied, guiding
her
fingers up and down in her own vagina. "When a man gets turned on his
cock gets
all hard and ready to put inside the woman.  When a woman gets turned
on, her
vagina gets wet to make it easier for a man to put is penis into her.
You're
really wet, honey.  It means you want a cock inside you."

        "It does?"



From ddaily@digiforest.com Fri Sep 13 12:35:14 1996
Path: azea.digiforest.com!cam-news-feed1.bbnplanet.com!delphi.com!news-feed.iguide.com!imci2!pull-feed.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news.compuserve.com!ix.netcom.com!news
From: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.incest
Subject: REPOST-  TYO:  Tina - Younger/Older - 4  (Mf, pedo, incest)
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 1996 22:48:11 GMT
Organization: Rosa Lopez Inc ( RLI Industries)
Lines: 1448
Message-ID: <517fnv$s9p@sjx-ixn6.ix.netcom.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dfw-tx17-19.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Wed Sep 11  3:50:39 PM PDT 1996
X-Newsreader: Mr Double Agent        
Xref: azea.digiforest.com alt.sex.stories:1443 alt.sex.incest:598

Archive-name: Young/tina04.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Tina - Younger/Older - 4



****************************************
DOUBLE DISCLAIMER:
I did not write this story.
I don't know who the author is.
****************************************

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

WARNING ... This story contains graphic descriptions of sex among
pre-teen children and between adults and pre-teen children.  If you
find this offensive stop reading now.
 
This story is entirely fictional and any similarity between persons
and events depicted in it and actual persons and events is purely
coincidental.  The story is pure fantasy and none of the events
described herein are practiced, advocated or condoned by the author.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::







 "Listen, Tina.  No one ever has to know about that tape. It will be
our
secret.  But you gotta do what I want.  You got that. I want to fuck
you, and
you're going to let me.  You got that?"

        Tina didn't answer.  She was overwhelmed.  She looked up at
Mr.
Phillips who had treated her so nicely, but who now seemed so mean,
and knew
that there was no way out for her.  She was going to be fucked by this
man, her
virginity was going to be taken by this man 3 times her age.  She was
speechless.

        "You got that, Tina?  I'm going to fuck you now.  I'm going to
shove my
hard cock into that tight little pussy of yours.  And I want you to
ask me to
do it!  You got that.  I want you to ask me to fuck you!"

        "I... I....  want.... Oh, please... Don't hurt me."

        Jim Phillips pulled the 11 year old to his chest and hugged
her. "Tina,
I don't want to hurt you, but this is for your own good.  You HAVE to
do this
someday.  I want to be the first.  I think you will grow to like it,
ALOT!  But
you have to do it the first time, and if I have to, I'll force you to
do it.
It's not going to be as bad as you think, sweetheart.  I really like
you.  You
know I think you're sexy.  You have to trust me.  Now, come on.. Stop
crying...
That's it, baby..  Ok.. Now ask me to please fuck you."

        Tina stopped her sobs.  Mr. Phillips was acting nice again,
saying nice
things to her again.  She wanted to trust him; he'd been so nice to
her so far;
and he'd taught her things that she really liked.  Her fear made her
stutter,
but she managed to say the words he wanted to hear, "Okay... Wooo..
Would you
ple..Please..   Fuck me."

        "Yes, baby.  I'll fuck you.  I'll fuck you right now."  And
with that
he laid her back on the bed.  He got down between her legs and placed
his mouth
on her hairless cunt.  He started licking her pussy from top to
bottom, his
tongue paying particular attention to her prominent clit.  His hands
spread her
legs and then roamed over her tiny body.  He lifted his head to speak,
"Relax,
baby.  I'm going to make you feel real good."  And then he went back
to
tonguing the pre-teen's virgin slit.  One hand stayed roaming over her
body
while the other reached down under his chin and began to probe her
small
vagina.  He inserted his finger to the first knuckle, feeling the
smoothness of
her lips and wet interior.  He used his fingers to open her small
pussy and his
tongue to make her wet in preparation for his aching penis.  He probed
deeper
with his finger, trying to get her used to the sensation of being
entered. He
could feel her starting to respond to his tongue, her rigid body
starting to
relax, just a bit, and her slender hips starting to rock up and down
into his
mouth.  'Yeah, baby.. that's it.', he thought. 'Just get yourself nice
and
turned on, and then I'm gonna slam it home.

        Tina said the words Mr. Phillips wanted to hear.  She couldn't
believe
that she's said it.  Having this grown man try to push his large erect
penis
into her small slit was the last thing she wanted, but the imagined
alternatives all seemed worse.  When he laid her down, Tina expected
him to
immediately mount her, forcing his cock into her virgin slit.  But
instead, he
pressed his face to her hairless mound and started to stimulate her
with his
hot tongue.  Tina's fear began to evaporate in the sensations washing
up from
her small clit.  She had loved sitting on Mr. Phillips face, and this
was just
as nice.  She began to relax as pleasure replaced fear.  His tongue
was rough
against the smooth skin of her pre-teen vagina.  His hands roamed over
her
body, massaging her flat chest, her slender neck, running down her
thighs and
up between her legs.  Tina loved the feel of his hands on her body.
'Maybe
he'll just lick me, and let me lick him', she thought for a second,
but doubted
it the instant his finger probed her young pussy.  She felt his finger
slipping
into her, working in concert with his tongue, making her feel even
more small
spasms of pleasure than his tongue alone was giving her.  Tina started
to buck
her hips at Mr. Phillips face, wanting him to press even harder on her
swollen
clit with his hot tongue.  She was enjoying the sensation that both
tongue and
finger were giving her. She felt him spread her soft, hairless lips
and lick
her opening, leaving a trail of saliva from anus to mound.  'God that
feels
good... I'm gonna cum if he keeps doing this to me!'.  She reached
down with
one hand and stroked his head, wanting to pull his hair to get more
pressure
from his mouth.  Her breathing was becoming irregular, and her hips
were
bucking into his face.  She wanted to cum now!  She wanted to feel his
tongue
and finger probing her while she spasmed out of control in orgasm.
But it was
not to be.

        Jim had worked the little girl up to just the right point.
Any more he
knew and she'd be cumming in his face.  Her hips were already pushing
against
him, pushing her pre-teen cunt into his mouth.  Her hands were both on
his
head, gently pulling him deeper into her young snatch.  Now.  Now was
the time
he'd been waiting for; now he'd fuck this little girl good.  He pulled
his
mouth off her now juicy cunt.

        "Ohh.. More... Please lick me some more...", Tina begged,
wanting to
cum more than anything.

        "No, honey." Jim said, getting up and moving his body between
her
slender legs.  "Now I fuck you.  The next time you cum it's going to
be with my
hard cock shoved up your cunny."  He held himself over her with one
arm, and
used to other to push her thighs further apart.  Then he reached down
to guide
his swollen cock into her tiny sex hole.  The head of his cock found
her
opening, and Jim used his hand to move it around in her hairless lips,
lubricating the head of this prick with her juices and his saliva.
Slowly he
pushed his cock into the little girl, feeling her lips move aside to
make way
for the invading member.

        "Please don't hurt me!", was all Tina could think to say.  The
man hung
over her, looking down at where his cock was starting to enter her
body.  Tina
looked down too, and saw how huge his penis was compared to the small
opening
of her slender 11 year old body.  'It's too big...' she thought, and
let her
head fall back to the bed, not wanting to watch out of fear.  Because
she was
so small, she found her self looking up at Jim Phillips chest.  'He's
too
big..;, she kept thinking, and began to tense up.

        Jim Phillips felt her tense, but his cock was on the glide
path and
nothing was going to stop it now.  Her opening was small and tight
around the
head of his penis.  Her cunt was hot, and her tension just stimulated
him
further.  He pushed further up into the little girl and her sex hole
got even
tighter.  'It's now or never.', he thought.  His cock was pushing at
the ragged
opening he'd made earlier in her maidenhead. Now his cock was going to
take the
last of her cherry.  He slammed his hips forward.  Her hymen resisted
for a
split second and then tore open, allowing his erection to surge up
into her
virgin slit.

        "AAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"  Tina
screamed
when he jammed his penis into her.  Her back arched, and her hands
went to his
waist trying to push him off of her, but the 85 pound 11 year old was
no match
for the 200 plus, 6 foot man.  Her hands pushed at him uselessly but
could not
prevent him from stuffing her hairless cunt with his cock. She felt
his full
weight hit her as his hips slammed her into the bed.  She felt his
balls slap
her exposed ass, and knew that he'd pushed all the way into her young
body.
"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWW....... IT
HHHHHUUUUUUURRRRRRRTTTTTTTTT'SSSSSssssss....." She had to tilt her
head
backward to try and see his face so she could tell him how much he was
hurting
her, but she could tell in a glance that he was oblivious to her pain.

        'Sweet, JESUS.  Oh man is this little bitch TIGHT!!  And HOT!
Her
insides feel like their gonna burn my COCK OFF!'  Jim Phillips was in
ecstasy.
He rested his weight on his little victim, feeling how her struggles
moved her
cunt around on his cock.  Her little sex hole was tight and hot, and
heaven.
He didn't move for a few seconds.  He always loved this moment; the
instant of
penetration on a new pre-teen lover!!  The fit of his cock in a virgin
little
girl was better than any sensation on earth.  The way they cried only
helped
turn him on. He loved to break in little girls, and Tina was one tight
little
bitch. He gave his hips some experimental shoves, listening to the way
the
little girl cried out with each one.  'Oh man, this is one nice little
virgin!!'

        Tina's pain subsided for a second, and then Mr. Phillips
started to
pull out of her.  The friction of his huge cock against the ragged
edges of her
hymen, hurt her again.  Then he thrust back in again, and the shock of
feeling
his cock inside her caused her to exclaim, against her will.  This
happened a
couple of times, each time, Tina gave out an "Ooowwwwwwww OHHH!"  The
penis
inside her was so large that she could feel how it pushed up into her
vagina
and distended her when it hit her cervix.  After a few thrusts, Mr.
Phillips
stopped pushing into her, and Tina again looked down her body to where
he'd
entered her.  She couldn't actually see his cock going into her small
hole, but
she could see how her flat stomach now bulged from her insides being
shoved
higher into her 11 year old body.  'It's all in!  It feels ... weird',
she
thought, and with that she realized that pain was not the biggest
feeling
anymore!

        Jim looked down the pre-teen he was fucking, her head only
coming up to
his chest and said, "Does it still hurt, honey?"

        "Yeah.. But not like at first!  You really HURT me!!"

        "Yeah, baby.  I'm sorry, but just think, you're not a little
girl
anymore.  With my cock inside you you're just as adult as any woman!
How's it
feel, baby?  How does it feel to have my cock all the way inside you?"

        "It's... It's... BIG!  I feel it way up in me."

        "Yeah, baby.  It's all the way in, and you feel fantastic.
You got a
nice tight cunt, sweetheart, and I'm gonna fuck it til I shoot my load
in you.
Here...", he said, grabbing one of her hands that was still on his
hip, vainly
pushing at his large body, "rub yourself.  Go on, masturbate with my
cock in
you.. Make yourself cum on my cock, baby.  Yeah... That's it. Yeah..
Ok I'm
gonna fuck you now, but you keep on rubbing it.. Yeah... Oh.. Baby!!!"

        When Mr. Phillips put her hand on her own clit, and told her
to rub
herself, the pain was present, but not the largest sensation. When she
started
to rub herself, the pain was in the background compared to the other
feelings;
being stuffed with cock; being stimulated to cum; that she was
feeling.  And by
the time that he started fucking her while she masturbated, the pain
was no
longer a thought.  Her only thought was to cum.  She wanted that
moment of all
encompassing, blinding pleasure. She felt him start to move, his huge
erection
sliding out and in, making her small unused orifice pucker in and out
with each
thrust.  She reached lower on her body and felt his cock with her
fingers, felt
it entering her hairless slit, felt his rigid member ramming her
smooth flesh.
His penis felt huge where it entered her small body.  She started
rubbing her
clit again, the stretching it was receiving from his thrusts having
turned her
on to the point where all she wanted was to cum.  Her finger flew over
her hard
clit.  Mr. Phillips was fucking her hard now, his course pubic hair
smashing
against her small hairless vagina each time he drove his cock into her
11 year
old cunt.  Her body was smashed into the bed with each thrust.  She
looked
straight up at his hairy chest over her face, his breathing had become
very
heavy as he let his body lower close to her.  It was getting hard to
keep
rubbing her own clit, because as he fucked her, he kept lowering his
body.  Her
hand became trapped with each forward thrust of his hips when her
small body
and his met at her smooth mound.  Finally, Tina gave up trying to jerk
herself
off, realizing that she didn't need it to cum.  His penis stretched
the skin of
cunt enough to bring her off now that she was at the edge of cumming
anyway.

        Jim Phillips was pounding the little girl, his only thought
that he was
going to blow her little head off when he came.  Her small pre-teen
body was
jerking to each slam of his hips.  He didn't hold back anymore, but
pounded the
little girl with his full weight, loving the way it drove her tiny
body into
the mattress; the way her head jerked upward toward his chin.  Her
legs were
splayed wide and waved on either side of his thrusting thighs.  The 11
year old
gave out a little "oh" each time he rammed his penis into her tiny wet
sex
hole.  He started to lower his body onto the little girl, wanting to
feel just
how small she was next to his grown body; wanting to smother her tiny
form
while ramming her virgin sex hole with his 8 inch erection.  Lower,
feeling the
difficult her small hand still trying to rub her little clit, feeling
her
fingers hitting his cock where it entered her smooth pussy.  Lower,
then she
gave up with masturbating and put her arms around his body, unable to
reach all
the way around his bucking form.  Lower, until he felt her face and
hot breath
against his chest; the little girl moaning directly into the hair on
his chest.
Lower, finally resting his full weight on the little pre-teen, her
face turned
sideways under his chest.  'God she's small and tight!', he thought as
he
continued to fuck the 11 year old suffocating under his body.  The top
of her
head almost touched his chin each time he slammed his penis into her
small
snatch.  Her struggle for breath, the feel of her tiny ass on his
balls, her
hands alternately embracing and struggling at his body, the smell of
her hair,
the smallness of her body, the flat-chest against him, the tightness
of her
pre-teen orifice.. all this was combining to make Jim Phillips blast
his hot
reward into his tiny 11 year old sacrifice.

        Tina could barely breath, but it didn't matter.  The little
school girl
was on the verge of something really powerful.  The battering her
small cunny
was taking as it was stretched and pulled and pushed by the large
prick was
driving her right to the edge.  Who cared about breathing when you
could cum.
Right now, little Tina was ready to have Jim Phillips fuck her
forever!  Right
now... little Tina was going to cum.  RIGHT ..............
NNNNOOOOOWWWWW!

        The 11 year old came like dynamite explodes.  Her body went
totally
rigid, her small arms wrapped around the adult fucking her in a vise
like grip,
her slender legs thrust straight out on either side of the man in her,
and she
screamed.  "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"
Her tiny
vagina, which was tight before, became a massaging vice. Her vaginal
muscles
alternately pushed and sucked the giant member insider her.  Her
stomach
muscles spasmed, pushing down on her uterus and cervix, massaging the
head of
the penis that was rammed up hard against them.  "AAAAHHH AAHHH AAHH
AAHH
AAHHH", she cried in rhythm with her convulsions, aware only of the
waves of
pleasure coming from her overstuff cunt.

        Jim Phillips felt the little girl beneath him go rigid.  He
felt her
arms grip his lunging body, and he heard her scream of pleasure. Her
small cunt
massaged his cock, her slender hips bucked to meet his thrusts.  The
feel of
this tiny, 11 year old, virgin sucking his huge cock with her tight,
hairless
pussy sent him over the edge.  "OHHHH FUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!  I'MM
CUUUMMMMMMMMMMIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGG RRRRGGG GGHHHHHHH..."  His cry
ended in
an incoherent yell of his own!  His cock, already huge in the little
pre-teen,
swelled and filled her to the limit.  His hot white cum shot from the
tip right
into the little girls uterus where it ricocheted back to be met by the
next
huge blast of his cum.  He slammed the little girl as hard as he
could, trying
to shove his cock all the way up to her throat.  His course pubic hair
ground
down on the smooth lips of her pussy, rubbing them raw and red. His
cum filled
the little orifice and mixed with the blood from her ragged hymen to
ooze out
of her over-stuffed vagina and slid between her small ass cheeks,
coating her
anus and buttocks.  His cock kept jerking and spitting, coating her
insides
with his hot jism.  Jim Phillips kept pounding the little girl, harder
and
harder.  He never wanted this fuck to end!

        Tina felt Mr. Phillips cock expand in her.  Through her own
convulsions
she felt him starting to jerk against her.  She felt his hot cum
explode into
her tortured slit.  He collapsed on her and bucked his body into hers.
Little
Tina was smashed under his weight, her face pressed up against his
chest, but
she didn't care.  Her own orgasm was intensified by feeling the
immense cock
inside her expand and fill her with hot cum.  Tina went blind with
pleasure,
feeling herself filled to the limit, feeling the hot cum coat her
hairless
mound, feeling it slide down to cover her ass.  It thrilled her to
feel Mr.
Phillips lose control of his body, and know that she had done that to
him.
That Tina, the girl the boys in school wouldn't take a second glance
at, could
make this grown man convulse and cum inside her small, slender body.
She loved
the way he jerked and spasmed and fucked into her.  She knew that
she'd want to
fuck Mr. Phillips again, and again, just to feel his hot cock and know
that her
11 year old body was what turned him on!

        Jim Phillips came back from the blind pleasure that had taken
him with
his first shot of semen into the young girl.  His cock was still
jerking, still
pumping sperm into the little pre-teen.  He felt her under him,
moaning,
struggling to breath, and realized that he was going to crush her if
he didn't
ease off of her.  He lifted up with one elbow, and continued to fuck
the little
girl, pumping the last of his cum into her.  His cock tingled in the
grip of
her tight cunt.  The spasms in her little pussy slowly faded away as
Tina's
orgasm ended and she too came back to the real world of man and girl.
The man
looked down at the 11 year old...

        "Are you alright, Tina?"

        Gasp.. "Yeah..." Gasp... "It was hard to breath when you laid
on me.
You had an orgasm, didn't you."

        "Oh, yeah, baby!  Did I ever!!  You got the nicest little cunt
I've
fucked in a long while!!"

        "Yeah.. I felt it.  I felt you ejac...uh ejaculate into me.
It was
hot! I felt your wiener get real big.. uh.. I mean your penis.. Did it
feel
good?"

        "Yeah, baby.  It felt good no matter what words you use.  You
came too
didn't you?"

        "Uh Huh.  You pen.. Your COCK hurt at first, but then it felt
good. I
didn't have to rub myself cause your cock rubbed my whole slit.  It's
really
big!"

        "And you took every inch, sweetheart.  Damn that felt great!!
You're
on hot little bitch!  I think your little pussy squeezed every drop
outa me!
Oh man... I hate to do this, but .. hang on... OOOHHHHHhhhhh ahhhhhh."

        Mr. Phillips pulled his deflating cock out of Tina's ravaged
slit. It
popped free and both man and little girl thought it was a shame that
their hot
sex couldn't last longer!  Tina's body was coated in Jim Phillips
sweat, her
hairless mound and lips were covered in his white sperm.  What she
couldn't
hold in, oozed out the bottom of her slit to slide down to her ass,
mixing
there with a pool of cum and virgin blood.

        "Lay still, Tina, I gotta get a towel.  Here we go."  He
gently lifted
her legs up and spread them.  He wiped off her tiny slit, paying close
attention to her red, swollen pussy lips.  He moved the towel down to
her ass
crack, and probed gently to clean the mixture of sex juices off her
slender
cheeks and her tiny, puckered anus.  He then leaned down and kissed
her pussy,
hardly believing that the pair of hairless lips touching his had just
managed
to swallow his whole cock and a hot load of cum. "There you go, baby.
All
cleaned up."

        Tina had enjoyed the gentle kiss from Mr. Phillips.  It made
her feel
genuinely loved.  The thought came to her mind, and the words spilled
out
before she knew, "Do you want me to clean you off, too?"

        Jim was surprised. "Yeah.. I'd love that!" and he lay down and
handed
her the towel.  Tina got up, leaned over the man's crotch and began to
wipe him
off with the towel.  She noticed the read stains on the bed an towel.
"Is that
blood?"

        "Yes it is, Tina.  You were a virgin, and I had to break your
little
cherry to get my cock inside you.  That's why it hurt that time, but
now that
your hymen is gone, you can fuck anytime you want and it won't hurt!
You bled
a little, but it's stopped now."

        "Oh", she said, not really knowing what to think.  Her hands
went back
to cleaning Mr. Phillips crotch with the towel.  His cock was slimy
with her
juices, sperm and blood.  She wrapped the towel around it and
carefully wiped
it off.  She cleaned the juices off his balls and thighs, and when she
had it
all done, she too leaned down and kissed his limp cock with her small
mouth.
The cock, though no longer hard, jumped at the touch of her young
lips, and
Tina was pleased, knowing that she could make it do that.

        "That's nice.  Thank you, Tina.  That's felt good.  Come on up
here and
lay down with me."

        The little girl positioned herself next to the body of her
grown lover,
 enjoying the comforting sensation of his hairy body next to hers.
She
snuggled up, her head on his shoulder and draped a leg across is
crotch,
feeling his cock stir under her thigh.  He wrapped the arm she lay on
around
her and reached down to cup on cheek of her small butt in his hand.

        "Tina, that was really great.  Did you enjoy it?"

        "Yeah.  It was great!"

        "Good.  I'm glad you enjoyed it.  You've learned a good lesson
here
today, Tina.  Sometimes you are afraid to do things, things that maybe
you've
never tried before.  That's ok.  It's ok to be afraid once in a while,
but that
shouldn't stop you from trying something new.  If you let your fears
stop you
everytime, you could miss out on something great, and never know it!
You
understand?"

        "Uh huh. I was scared, but it did feel good.. I mean... not
right at
first, but in the end I loved it."

        "So the next time you're afraid, you'll go ahead and try new
things?"

        "Well.. I guess.. It's kinda hard, you know, like when your
scared."

        "I know, sweetheart.  But the fear is ok.  It's okay to be
afraid. Just
go and do what it is that scares you, and maybe it won't be so bad.
And the
more things you try, the less afraid you'll be... And we have alot of
things
still to try."

        "Really?"

        "We sure do.  You've learned alot in the last two days, but
there are
still alot of things for you to try.  Things your friends never
learned in
their sex class!  What do you say, sweetheart?  You want to come back
and visit
me again?"

        "YEAH!  I really do."

        "You want me to fuck you again?"

        "Uh Huh"

        "You want me to suck your pussy again?"

        "Oh yeah!"

        "You want to suck my cock and drink my cum so your breasts
grow big?"

        "Yeah."

        "ALRIGHT, TINA!  Believe me baby, I'm gonna fuck you and fuck
you and
fuck you!  If you come back here on a regular basis, I'll fill your
mouth so
full of cum you'll never need to drink anything else!"

        Tina giggled at his exaggerations, but was turned on by the
promise of
more sex to come.

        "Huh, baby.. You like the sound of that?  Lots of cum for
little,
Tina?"

        "Yeah.. It sounds neat!"

        "Good. Then you come back tomorrow, and we'll try something
completely
different!  But before you go, why don't you give me a suck right now.
I think
I can cum again, only this time in your hot little mouth!"

        "Okay"

        The 11 year old didn't need any encouragement.  She got up and
laid
down on Jim Phillips stomach.  She picked up his half hard cock with
one hand
and brought her mouth to the tip.  She kissed it and looked at it,
jumping and
hardening in her small hand.  Then she opened her mouth and let the
head slip
in.  She felt Mr. Phillips hand on the back of her head, slowly
pushing her
mouth down onto his stiffening prick.  She didn't mind.  She knew she
could do
it.  She wanted to feel his cum squirt into her mouth.  She wanted to
taste the
sour, white semen and swallow it.  She wanted to prove that she could
do it
because it made her feel sexy.

        "Try to suck on it, sweetheart, move your tongue around the
head and
then suck it."

        Tina did, she tried to move her tongue around the head of the
rapidly
expanding cock, but her small tongue would not reach the top of the
head.  She
had to satisfy herself with rubbing the underside of his cock with her
tongue.
She sucked on his cock and was gratified when it jumped and expanded
still
further in her mouth.

        "Move your head up and down on it, baby, like you when I was
fucking
you.  Fuck me with your mouth."  He pushed on her head to give her the
tempo
for sucking him off.  Her hair brushed his lower abdomen. He reached
out with
one hand and fondled her little-girl bottom. 'Jesus, her ass is
small', he
thought, cupping on of her globes in his hand. 'I wonder if I'll be
able to fit
into her ass when the time comes.' The image of his cock forcing it's
way into
this 11 year old's small bottom turned him on something fierce.  His
cock
stiffened to full hardness in her mouth, and he pushed her head down
onto him
with his other hand.

        'Wow, I must really be doing a good job!', thought Tina. He
really got
hard in a hurry.  She felt the pressure on the back of her head
increase and
she did her best to comply, jamming more of the erection into her
mouth.  Her
lips were stretched tight on either side of the man's cock, but she
still
managed to move her tongue up and down on the underside of Mr.
Phillips penis,
and maintain some suction.  She felt his hand on her bottom, and was
pleased
that he liked her body enough to want to touch it.  Then she felt him
probing
her small anus with his index finger.  'Why does he want to touch me
there?',
she thought.  The pressure on her head increased again, and at the
same time,
so did the pressure of his finger on her small brown anus.  'He's got
the wrong
hole!', she thought, but couldn't remove her mouth from the throbbing
cock to
tell him.  Mr. Phillips cock was now fully hard, and pushing at the
entrance to
her throat.  His hand had her hair in a grip and was pushing and
pulling her
face onto his cock.  The strokes were getting faster and deeper.  Tina
let go
of his cock and cupped his balls instead, feeling them churn under the
loose
skin of his scrotum.  His index finger was pushing harder at her anus,
moving
in a small circle, trying to force it's way into the little girl.  'It
feels..
weird.... I wish he'd stop.', she thought.  Mr. Phillips pressed
harder on her
anus, and suddenly his finger entered the little girls ass up to the
second
knuckle.

        "MMMMmmpppphhhhhhh", was all the 11 year old could get out,
because he
kept her head fucking his cock.  Her ass felt warm and tight.  Too
tight.
'Man.. I don't know.  She might be too small to fuck there, yet.  Oh..
but I
can't wait to TRY!'  Again the image of the pre-teen on her hands and
knees in
front of him, crying out as he raped her anally, turned him on so much
that he
was ready to cum in her mouth.

        'OWWW.. He's got the wrong hole!.. That hurt.. a little.  He's
got his
finger in my bottom!.. '  Tina tried to jerk her head off the cock
thrusting
into her mouth, but she was held firm.  She couldn't tell Mr. Phillips
that he
had his finger in her bottom instead of her cunny.  She had to deal
with the
surging erection in her mouth now, because it seemed to expand yet
again.  Her
jaws ached, and her lips were sore.  She felt Mr. Phillips belly go
rigid
underneath her.  His cock jerked hard, and he pushed down on her head
one last
time, and held her there.  His spicy cum, exploded from the tip of his
penis,
instantly filling the inside of her mouth with semen.  His second
explosion
came right after the first, and overflowed her small mouth.  It burst
out her
lips and slide down his cock to where her hand still cupped his
pumping
testicles.  Tina swallowed as fast as she could.  She couldn't pull
back to
make more room in her mouth for the pumping load, because Mr. Phillips
would
not ease the pressure on the back of her head.  All she could do was
try to
swallow and his load of semen shot into her mouth. Swallowing wasn't
easy
either with this large cock jerking at the back of her mouth.  Tina
did the
best she could, but still a good portion escaped her tight lips and
slid down
to his scrotum and pubic hair.

        The stream of cum subsided, and eventually Mr. Phillips penis
stopped
jerking in the little girls mouth.  He let the pressure ease off her
head and
pulled his finger out of her ass.  Tina, to her credit, did not
immediately
take her mouth off his cock.  Instead, she was fascinated by the way
it felt
getting softer in her mouth.  It shrank in size until the head easily
fit in
her mouth.  It continued to shrink and she was able to fit almost his
whole
penis in her mouth without having to open her throat.  When his cock
was
totally flaccid in her mouth, she gave him one last suck and released
it with a
wet pop.  She looked at it for a minute then rolled over to face her
grown
lover.

        "Did I do it right? Was that good?"

        "Yeah, honey, you're getting better.  That was real nice."

        "Good.. Did you ahhhhh.. know that you had your finger in the
wrong
hole.. I mean.. you put your finger in my bottom instead of my cunny."

        "I know, Tina.  It wasn't the wrong hole.  I meant to put my
finger up
your cute little bottom."

        "REALLY!"  The 11 year old was wide eyed, leaning on the man's
chest
and staring at him in disbelief.  "Why would you want to do THAT?  I
mean..
That's gross!"

        "That's funny.  Just yesterday you thought it was gross when a
man had
an orgasm, but just now you sucked it into your mouth and swallowed
most of it!
Tina, you gotta learn that what you used to know ain't necessarily the
truth!"

        "Yeah.. Okay.. But, like.. I mean.. That's were, you know,
poop comes
out!  Why would you want to touch that?"

        "Because it's small and tight like your little pussy; tighter
even. and
because your ass is so pretty that I'd really like to fuck you there."

        "IN MY BOTTOM!!!???"

        "Yes, Tina, in your bottom.  People do it all the time.  It's
not dirty
if two people enjoy it, sweetheart, when are you going to learn that?
In fact,
it's the best way for a man to fuck a girl because she can't get
pregnant that
way!"

        "But.. I never thought.. It's just.. It's just weird.  Do you
really
mean that men stick their penises into a girls BOTTOM?"

        "Yeah, Tina, and I want to try doing it to you.  But not
today. Today,
we've done enough.  You gotta get home before your your folks starts
to wonder
where you've been.  Come on.. Get up... Let's get you dressed."

        He helped the disbelieving girl get up off the bed and get
dressed back
into her Catholic school uniform.  He stayed naked while she buttoned
her white
blouse and straightened her plaid skirt.  When she was done she was
the picture
of innocence.  No one looking at her would guess that this 11 year old
child
was Jim Phillips willing sex slut, versed in the art of deep throat
and
fucking; able to drink his cum and cram his eight inches up her
hairless slit.
No one!

        As he led her to the back door to send her home, Jim Phillips
reminded
little Tina of her main dilemma.  "Remember, Tina.  I like teaching
you about
sex, but you can't tell anyone.  If you did, that video tape just
might get
copied and find it's way to your folks."

        "I won't tell anyone.  Besides.. I really like what we've done
so far.
And my folks would really be pissed if they ever found out so I'm sure
not
going to let them know.  It's kinda neat to have a big secret!"

        "That's right, baby.  It's our secret."

        "Uhhhh.... Did you film us today?  I mean, did you film us,
you know..
fucking?"

        "I sure did, Tina.  I think you're so sexy that I want to see
more of
you, live and on tape."

        "Well.. I guess it's okay.. as long as no one finds out.. I
guess."

        "Don't worry, sweetheart, no one is gonna see those tapes
unless I know
they can keep a secret too.  Now, off you go."  He held the back door
open for
her.

        "Do you want me to come back tomorrow?"

        "Uh..yeah..Do you want to?"

        "Yeah!"

        "Ok, then I'll see you tomorrow, Tina.  See you then."

        "Bye", said the little girl and skipped out of sight around
the corner
of his house, a small knowing smile on her face.

        "Bye, sweetheart." Jim Phillips said more to himself than
anyone else.
Jim Phillips turned away from the door and walked to his office. He
had some
calls to make before tomorrow.

===============================================================================

               Chapter 3 - Tina's big day.

===============================================================================

        The next day at Our Lady of Grace Elementary school, little
Tina West
had trouble paying attention in her science class.  She was tired
because she
hadn't gotten very good sleep the night before.  After Mr. Phillips
had taken
her virginity and made her swallow his load of hot cum, Tina had gone
home and
had dinner with her folks.  Her Mom and Dad had gotten into a fight,
nothing
unusual about that, but that's not what kept her up during the night.
Instead
it was her new found friend, masturbation.  Tina had spent the night
jerking
herself to exhaustion.  Her orgasms were nice, and made her tingle all
over.
They weren't as good as when Mr. Phillips jerked her off, or when he'd
fucked
her, but they were still great, and she'd spent the night in her room
alternately jerking off and dozing while her parents fought down the
hall.
She'd had to be quite when she came because she shared her room with
her little
sister, 9 year old Mary.  It had been frustrating not to be able to
really
enjoy her self-induced orgasms, but it had been nice all the same.
Tina was an
orgasm addicted, and happy about it.

        Spending time in school seemed like a waste.  She couldn't
wait for the
day to end so she could have her secret rendezvous with Mr. Phillips.
Mr.
Phillips and his giant cock!  When the bell rang at the end of the
day, Tina
was out of the school like a shot.  She made her way through the
neighborhood
until she was once again at Mr. Phillips backdoor.  She looked around
to be
sure no one could see her, and knocked.  In a few seconds, Jim
Phillips
answered.

        "Hello, Tina.  How are you today?", he asked, ushering her in.

        "Tired.  I masturbated alot last night!  It uhhh.. you know,
it felt
great!  I just wanted to thank you for teaching me that."

        "Oh, honey.  That's nice of you!  You're really welcome.  I've
still
got alot of things to teach you, if you want to learn?"

        Tina wanted it all now and since she'd been thinking about it
all day,
didn't hesitate to say so, "Yeah.. I'd love to try everything."

        "That's good to know, sweetheart"  He said this just as they
turned the
corner into his living room.  There, watching TV were 4 men Tina
didn't know.
She was surprised when she turned the corner and saw them, but she
went into
total shock when she realized that the now muted picture on the screen
was of
her getting fucked by Mr. Phillips.

        "Guys, this it Tina, that special friend I was telling you
about. Tina,
these are some real close friends of mine.  This is Dave, and that's
John, this
is Tom, and this is Howard.  We've just been watching you on tape,
sweetheart."

        Tina was to stunned to say anything.  She didn't expect anyone
else to
ever know about what she and Jim Phillips were doing together.
Suddenly, here
where 4 men who not only knew, but had seen it happening.

        The one called Dave, and older man with some gray in his hair,
walked
up to Tina and said, "That's right, Tina.  We've been watching how
sexy you
are.  You're one attractive little girl, did you know that?"

        "Yeah, Tina!", the one called John said.  He was a really
large man
with a build like Arnold Schwartzenegger.  "Watching you cum really
turned me
on.  You've got more sex power than most grown women!"

        "I.. uhh.. ", Tina didn't know what to say or think.  She
didn't know
what to make of these men talking to her about how sexy she was.  At
11 years
of age, Tina didn't have any experience with dealing with boys, let
alone men,
let alone men who were complementing her on how sexy she was, a fact
that she
thought was secret.  "uhh.. Thanks ... I guess.."  Her family training
had
taken over; she'd always been taught to acknowledge a complement with
a thank
you.  She just wasn't sure she wanted the compliment from these
strangers.

        "Sorry about the surprise, Tina." Jim Phillips said.  "These
guys just
happened to stop by, and, well, their really good friends of mine.
We've known
each other since school!  And, well, I told them I had this special
friend and
they really wanted to hear all about it. It's okay... we can trust
them, right
guys?"

        "Oh Yeah!"  "Sure..."  "Hey look, Tina.  We share everything
and none
of us has ever given up a secret on the others yet!", this last from
one called
Howard.  He as large, but heavy, not muscular like John.

        "So you see, it's ok, honey.  Ain't no one ever going to find
out about
what you do here."

        "Uhh.. O.. Okay..."  She looked around at the men and they all
nodded
when she said "okay".  It was like she'd entered a club, but didn't
know the
rules.

        "Good.  Now look, as long as your here, well, I told these
guys how
good looking your body is, and I showed them the pictures, but I know
they'd
really like to see you, you know, naked right now.  What do you say,
why don't
you take your clothes off for us.. Do a little strip tease?"

        Tina was shaking her head no.  "No.. I can't.. I mean.. not in
front of
everyone and all.. No.. Please.. I don't want to..."

        "Hey, Tina.  It's okay."  This from Howard.  "We're all
friends here!"

        "No.. I can't", she started to turn and walk back to the back
door to
leave, but Jim Phillips put a hand on her shoulder, leaned down to her
ear, and
whispered, "Hey.. hold on.  Look, we don't want you to do anything you
don't
want to do, but you came here wanting to do things, and all they want
is to see
you naked.  That's not so much to ask, and besides, these guys can
keep a
secret and all, but there are still ways for your parents to find out
about how
sexy their little girl is, you know.. And you don't want that do you?"

        Tina stopped dead in her tracks.  She sure didn't want her
parents
seeing the tape of her sucking cock.  The consequences of that were
unthinkable.  Maybe... Maybe it would be okay just to let these guys
see her
and then she could go home.  Maybe.. oh hell, she didn't have any
choice and
she knew it.  She turned around.

        "Uhh.. I guess..."

        "AWRIGHT!" "Great!"

        "Thanks, Tina. Hey, this will be great, you can do a little
dance for
us right here in the living room, okay?  Come on.. We'll all sit
around in a
circle and you can dance for us.  Sound okay, guys?"

        "Hey, great"  "Alright with me."

        The one called John took Tina's hand and led her back to the
middle of
the living room.  He then sat down on the rug at her feet.  The 4 men
crowed
around her and sat down too, making a small circle of carpet with her
standing
in the middle.   She just stood there for a minute, not knowing what
to do,
when Jim Phillips suggested, "Why don't you take off your blouse,
honey."  She
couldn't do anything else, so she started to comply.  One by one she
undid the
buttons of her white blouse until is hung loose on her, then she
pulled it up
out of her skirt and slipped it off her slender shoulders.  One of the
men
reached out for it and she handed it to him.  He held it to his face
and
breathed in.

        "MMMMMMmmmmm. Tina.. you even smell good.  Put your hands on
your hips.
 Lets see what you got."

        Tina did as she was told, knowing that she didn't "GOT"
anything. The
rapt looks on the men in front of her though didn't change.  They were
studying
her up and down, even her completely flat chest.  A voice behind her
said,
"Turn around, honey." and she did, letting everyone see that she had
no breasts
to speak of.

        "Now the skirt, honey."

        Tina reached for the side of her skirt, and pulled the zipper
down.
She then let the skirt fall to the floor.  Again, one of the men
reached out
for her stripped off article of clothes and she stepped out of it.
She now
stood before the men in her socks, saddle shoes and white panties.
She did a
slow turn, not knowing what to do with her arms.  She felt really
uncomfortable
standing here almost naked in front of these men, knowing that in just
a moment
more, she was going to be completely naked.

        "Bend over, Tina.  I want to see that cute ass of yours in
those
panties."  This from John, the muscle man.  Tina complied and bent
down until
her hands touched the floor.  She stayed like that, and let the men
behind her
look at her bottom in her panties.  The thought crossed her mind that
she hoped
they were clean back there.  Suddenly, a hand touched her bottom, and
she
snapped up to standing position.

        "Hey, sorry I startled you!"  This was Howard. "It looked so
nice, I
just had to touch.  That's okay, right?"

        "uhhh.. I guess so.. "

        "Hey, Tina.  A little touching isn't going to hurt, right?"
This from
Jim Phillips.

        "I uh. I guess not..."

        "Right.. Come on.. I've thought you were going to trust me.
Come on,
repeat after me. Touching is okay.  Go on.. say it."

        "Uhhh... Touching is uhh. okay."

        "Good girl.. Hey, you heard her.  Go ahead and touch."

        Like one, the men rose on their knees, surrounding the 11 year
old
girl, standing in her white cotton panties.  They all reached out and
Tina
suddenly had 10 large hands roaming all over her slender body.  One
set cupped
her bottom, kneading her small round cheeks through her cotton
panties.
Another set ran between her thighs and probed her small pussy through
her
cotton panties.  A third ran its fingers through her fine hair and
stroked her
face and neck.  Another ran the flat of his hands over the flat of her
chest.
There were appreciative comments from all sides.  "Nice little body,
Tina"
"You've got the smoothest skin, little lady." "Um Um, this feels
nice."  The
rub down felt good to the little girl, and she was just beginning to
enjoy it,
letting herself lean into the grip of these adults.

        "Hey, lets get her panties off."

        Suddenly, Tina felt strong hands grip her arms and legs.  She
was laid
down on the carpet and two pairs of hands gripped the waist band of
her
panties.  Before she knew what happened, they were pulled down and
off.
Someone removed her shoes.  Her legs were pulled from either side,
opening her
pre-teen pussy to view.  Instantly a set of hands was on her small
cunt,
spreading the lips, and probing her pink inner reaches.  "Hey, this is
one
NICE looking pussy!"

        "Hey wait.. Please.. don't...", Tina said, but Jim Phillips
was
suddenly looming over her face.  She looked up at him, her eyes
pleading, but
he said, "Relax, Tina.  We're all gonna have a good time here.  A
little party,
right guys?"  "Yeah!"  "You bet."  "Party Hardy!" "So just relax,
sweetheart.",
he said.

        Tina didn't know what to say.  One by one each of the men got
up while
at least 3 men held her down to the floor and continued to fondle her.
The men
got undressed, and as she looked around, Tina saw more cocks than most
girls
see in a year.  Finally, the 11 year old was surrounded and held down
by 5
naked adult men.  They were all stroking her small body, and some were
stroking
their large cocks.  Tina didn't know what was going to happen next,
but then,
she didn't have to.

        "Here, baby.  Suck this."  One of the men leaned close to her
face, his
hot cock touching her lips.  He grabbed the back of her head and
pushed his
cock at her closed mouth.  He pushed so hard that Tina thought she was
going to
bruise her lips, still she didn't open her mouth. She didn't want to
suck
anyone.  She wanted to leave.  A finger was shoved into her pussy part
way, and
Tina gasped.  When her mouth open, it was quickly filled with hard
cock.
"Yeah, baby.. Suck that cock good and I'll give you a nice load of
hotsauce!"
Tina looked up at the man invading her mouth, it was Howard, the fat
one.  The
finger in her cunny moved around, and probed slightly deeper, while
another
rubbed her clit.  Tina couldn't move because there were 2 men on
either side of
her, each with a wrist and ankle, holding her down and spreading her
out.  'Oh
God, what have I gotten myself into!!??', she thought.  But even as
the thought
crossed her mind, the pleasure started in her clit.  'No.. No.. I
don't want
this to feel good.'  But she couldn't help it.  Her little clit was
being
expertly massaged by one of the men, and Tina knew that, if he didn't
stop,
she'd cum eventually.  She didn't want to cum for these men, didn't
want them
to see her enjoy what they were doing.  She was afraid that if they
saw her
enjoy sex, they'd do... well, she didn't know and she didn't want to
find out.

        "That's it, baby.. Good girl.. Suck that boner.. Ummm.."
Howard was
enjoying himself.  This little girls mouth felt so nice on his cock.
He wasn't
trying to force his way into her throat... at least, not yet. He just
wanted to
shut her up while his partners worked on getting her turned on and
wet.  Then
the real party would begin.  Still, he had the nicest job of the
group.  Luck
of the toss!!  He looked at the other guys.  John and Jim where
holding the
little girl's arms and legs, keeping her spread and immobile while Tom
and Dave
worked on her cunt.  And man, what a nice little cunt it was.  No
hair, pouty
lips, pink insides and a nice little clit at the top.  Jim had told
them that
this hot little number was easy to bring off.  A couple of minutes
under Tom's
fingers and she be cumming like a freight train.  Then they'd all fuck
her in
every way they could think of.  This was one little 11 year old that
was going
get enough cock today.. that was for sure!

        'No.. No.. I don't want it to feel good... No.. I don't want
to cum..
Noooooooooooo', Tina was thinking, but in spite of her best efforts to
ignore
her tortured clit, she could feel that now familiar sensation rising
in her
belly, that feeling that would eventually engulf her whole body in
pleasure.
She was going to cum for these men. And she knew it was going to be a
big one.
There was something wicked in letting 5 grown men see her naked
pre-teen body;
to be held down and exposed against her will; to know that these grown
mean
really where turned on by the sight of her flat-chested, hairless
body.  It
made her feel sexy, and to Tina this was a new and wonderful feeling.
It was
cumming. She could feel it.

        The little girl struggled vainly at first, but as Tom worked
her little
clit back and forth all the men could see that she was getting more
and more
turned on.  Howard held her mouth on his cock so that she couldn't
talk, but
even so, her moans of fear had started to turn into moans of pleasure.
All 5
men were naked now, and all had hard-ons, watching little Tina getting
ready to
cum.  Her arms and legs started to shake in the grip of the men on
each side of
her.  Her eyes were closed, and her hips started to buck.  Dave slide
his
finger into her small, hairless cunt.  It slide in easily because of
her
natural lubricants. He massaged the inside of her cunt, causing Tina
to buck
her hips even more.  Tom never let up on the 11 year olds clit.  He
increased
the pressure and increased the speed of his strokes.  Suddenly, the
little girl
jerked hard.  She was screaming, but it came out as a muffled
"MMMMPPPPPPHHHH"
around Howard's cock.  Her arms and legs pulled in toward her body
with such
strength that the two men on each side almost lost their balance.
They all
watched as Tina's chest flushed red, and her belly spasmed around
Dave's
finger.  She almost appeared to be in convulsions, but the men knew
better.




From ddaily@digiforest.com Fri Sep 13 12:35:24 1996
Path: azea.digiforest.com!cam-news-feed1.bbnplanet.com!delphi.com!news-feed.iguide.com!imci2!pull-feed.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news.compuserve.com!ix.netcom.com!news
From: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.incest
Subject: REPOST-  TYO:  Tina - Younger/Older - 5  (Mf, pedo, incest)
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 1996 22:48:25 GMT
Organization: Rosa Lopez Inc ( RLI Industries)
Lines: 1531
Message-ID: <517foe$s9p@sjx-ixn6.ix.netcom.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dfw-tx17-19.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Wed Sep 11  3:50:54 PM PDT 1996
X-Newsreader: Mr Double Agent        
Xref: azea.digiforest.com alt.sex.stories:1444 alt.sex.incest:599

Archive-name: Young/tina05.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Tina - Younger/Older -5

****************************************
DOUBLE DISCLAIMER:
I did not write this story.
I don't know who the author is.
****************************************
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

WARNING ... This story contains graphic descriptions of sex among
pre-teen children and between adults and pre-teen children.  If you
find this offensive stop reading now.
 
This story is entirely fictional and any similarity between persons
and events depicted in it and actual persons and events is purely
coincidental.  The story is pure fantasy and none of the events
described herein are practiced, advocated or condoned by the author.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::










        "God DAMN!!  This kid is HOT!  Look at her go!"

        "Hey, I told you.  When this one cums, she cums full tilt!"

        "Guys, you should feel her cunt", this from Dave who watched
her vagina
pulse where his finger entered her.  "Does she ever get tight in
here!"

        "Hey man, I can't wait to fuck this one!"

        "I second that motion."

        Tina didn't hear a word.  She was blind to everything except
the waves
of pleasure emanating from her young pussy.  Her own masturbation
couldn't
begin to compare to what she was feeling now!  If this was what sex
was all
about then she wanted as much of it as she could get!  She didn't care
that a
stranger had his hard cock in her mouth; she didn't care that another
had a
finger up her previously virgin cunny; she didn't care that 5 men were
about to
fuck her; all she wanted was more of this kind of pleasure.

        Her orgasm subsided, and Howard let her head drop back to the
carpeted
floor.  Tina just lay there panting, not noticing the men shifting
position
around her.  She felt her legs being spread wide, and realized that
Tom was now
looming over her. "Ok, honey, I'm gonna fuck you now.  Here it comes."
and
without further introduction he pushed the head of his cock into her
pre-teen
cunt.  "uh" was all Tina could say, still not recovered from the
orgasm that
had left drained and helpless.  She felt his cock stretching her lips,
moving
up insider her body; felt his pubic bone hit hers; felt his course
hair rub
against her hairless mound.  It felt good, and Tina moaned with the
sensation.
"Like it, baby?  Like that cock, huh little girl.  Oh, yeah.. Here we
go..",
and with that he started to fuck Tina hard, pounding on her little
body,
bouncing her head with each thrust.

        Tina felt something hot on her cheek and turned her head to
see what it
was.  There was the man John, leaning over her head, aiming his huge
cock at
her mouth.  "Here, baby.  Take this too."  He shoved his cock at her
lips, and
Tina let them part, allowing the spongy head to be shoved into her
face.
John's cock was so large that only the head could fit past her lips.
No matter
how she tried to open her mouth wider, or how hard he pushed, the rest
simply
could not fit into the 11 year old's mouth.  John didn't seem to mind.
He
proceeded to fuck her face with what he could get in.

        "Man, look at that little bitch go!"

        "Yeah, she sure loves hard cock!"

        Tina was being overwhelmed, with 2 cocks in her pre-teen body,
she felt
totally stuffed at both ends.  The man fucking her hairless cunt was
moaning to
himself, obviously ready to blow his hot load into her.  John was
pumping her
face faster, his muscular body pistoning up and down right over her
face, like
he was doing pushups over her.  Two other men grabbed both her hands
and she
found each hand holding a hard cock.  Each hand clamped her little
hand down
over a hot penis, and used her hand to jack the men off.  Tina now was
servicing 4 cocks at the same time, and she was starting to like it.
Her mouth
hurt because it was too small to take the large penis being stuffed
there, but
her vagina felt good as Tom fucked her with long slow strokes, his
initial
pounding having been toned down so John could get in her mouth.

        "Fuck her man.  Shoot her full, dude"

        "Oh fuck... I'm gonna blow.. I'm gonna blow in her mouth..
Here baby..
oh MAN!  Here baby.. Eat my cum, baby... Here you GO, BABY! DRINK MY
CUM...
OH... NOW!  NOW, BABY!  DRINK MY CUM!!!"  John's cock expanded in the
little
girls mouth.  He shoved hard and rammed the tip of his cock up against
her to
small throat.  He grabbed his cock and jerked it off in the 6th
graders mouth.
He felt his load shooting out. filling the little girls mouth and
dripping out
the sides, white rivulets of cum flowing down both sides of the little
girls
face and getting into her hair.  John bellowed like a bull as he
pumped more
and more jism into Tina's mouth.  Tina couldn't get away from the
onslaught
semen being pumped into her mouth.  Her head was pressed into the
floor because
John was letting most of his weight rest on the huge member that
penetrated her
mouth. Tina couldn't breath; couldn't swallow; couldn't do anything,
but hope
she didn't black out before this man was through fucking her mouth.
Sperm was
sliding down her throat, down her face, some was even being forced up
her nose!
It was hot and salty and sticky.  And it made Tina feel special, in a
small
way, that she was the one getting it.

        Finally, John lifted his weight off the pre-teenagers face and
pulled
his cock out of her mouth.  The little girl gasped for breath as soon
as his
wang popped clear of her mouth.  It was obvious that she'd not been
able to
breath.  John grabbed his cock and stroked it over the gasping little
girl,
rubbing it on her lips and cheeks, stroking the last bits of ropy
white cum
onto her pretty young face.  "Here, little girl, this'll make you even
prettier.  Hot cum is good for little girls, right guys?"  "Oh, yeah"
"You
bet!"  "I gotta load for you, sweetheart!" John jerked his cock in her
face a
little longer then lifted himself up.  In an instant, Dave had taken
his place,
his hard cock much skinnier than John's huge pecker, but just as long.
Without
preamble he grabbed the back of her head and shoved his cock into
little Tina's
still gasping mouth. "Suck me good, baby, and maybe I won't fuck you
in the
ass."  He yanked on her head hard, and his erection was instantly at
the back
of her mouth, forcing it's way into her throat.  Dave pulled on her
head with
both hands, thrusting with his hips at the same time, determined to
stuff his
full length into the little 6th graders mouth.  He shoved a few times
and
decided the angle was wrong.

        "Hey, Howard, grab that cushion off the couch.. Yeah, that
one.. Here.
Lift her up and put it under her.. No further down.  Yeah.. That's
perfect."
Tina was lifted for a moment off the floor and then put back down,
only this
time, her hips and back were on the cushion from the couch, but her
head fell
back unsupported.  For Dave, this put her mouth right in line with her
throat,
and he quickly move around so that his thighs were on either side of
the dazed
youngster's head.  He pushed her forehead down with one hand so that
Tina found
herself gazing at his balls.  "Ok, baby.. Open up now. I'm going to
throat fuck
you!"  Tina didn't obey right away, so he reached down with one hand
and
pressed on her throat.  The pain of his thumb pressing on her vocal
cords made
her open her mouth soon enough.  "That's it, little girl.  You do what
you're
told or things get rough.  We can make you feel good, but first you
gotta make
us feel good."  And with that he again shoved his erection into her
pretty
face.  This time, instead of stopping at the entrance of her throat,
he shoved
it hard, pushing her head back until it was straight upside down, the
back of
her head jammed against the sofa cushion.  With a painful pop, his
cock humped
past the entrance to her throat and didn't stop until his pubic hair
press
against her young lips.

        'GOD, HELP ME.. HE'S GOING TO KILL ME!' was all Tina could
think. She
couldn't breath because, not only was her glottis blocked, but his
balls hung
loosely down, covering her nose, allowing no air to get in.  The fact
that Tom
was still fucking her so hard made her body bounce against the
invading member.
The little girl was being bounced between two hard cocks, her slender
body,
barely able to accommodate the invading members.

        "Fuck her, Tom!  Oh man, I don't even have to move.  You're
doing it
for me!", Dave said, feeling the way the girls throat moved up and
down his
cock whenever Tom fucked into her.  He had a perfect view of Dave's
cock
sliding in and out of the 11 year old's hairless cunt.  He could see
the way
her lips puckered in and out with the motion of his fucking.  The
sight was a
total turn-on for him.  That and the feeling little Tina begin to gag
on his
cock made him start rocking his penis in and out of her throat.

        'Thank you, God!', thought Tina as Tom started to fuck her
mouth. Now
that his cock was moving she had small chances to breath between
thrusts of his
cock.  The man fucking her was really pounding on her. His swollen
cock felt
huge inside her small vagina as it pushed deep into her, shoving its
way up to
her cervix on each thrust.  Tina felt her body being rammed back and
forth
between two giant cock.  Each time her pussy was rammed, her young
body was
pushed up to meet the down stroke of the cock now fucking her mouth.
As the
pole in her cunt found it's deepest penetration, the prick in her
mouth was
also at it's deepest point.  Tina was fully impaled.  She wondered how
long
this would go on.

        She didn't have to wonder long.  All these men had been turned
on
watching Tina on video, long before she arrived, and now, actually
fucking this
tiny 6th grader was too much for them to last long.  Tom, fucking her
tender
snatch, began to pant and declare that he was ready to cum.  "Yeah, do
it Tom.
Let's blow a load into this little bitch from both ends!", said Dave
in
encouragement.  Both men looked down at the 11 year old helplessly
skewered
between their cocks.  He small body still held open by Howard and John
on
either side.  Both could see the outline of Tom's cock as it filled
her throat.
 Both could see the bulge in her lower abdomen with each thrust of
Dave's
organ.  Both were ready to flood her with hot jism, and both did.

        "OH FUCK! HERE...I....GOOOOOOOOOOOOO....."

        "AAAAAHHHHHHH YEAH.. ME TOO!... OH.. EAT IT BABY!!! YEAH!!!!"

        Both organs expanded in the little girl.  Both men shoved
themselves
deep into the 11 year old's mouth and cunt.  Both men began to pump
their ropy
offerings into their pre-teen slut.  Dave had shoved his cock deep
down Tina's
throat, and the little girl gagged on the blasts of spicy jism.  Tom's
load
shot deep into Tina, filling her small cunt and oozing out all sides.
Each man
roared with pleasure at shooting their large loads into a young,
innocent girl.
These men like to fuck little girls, and Tina was one of the youngest
in a
while.  Their bodies jerking, and twitching, both men spent themselves
in Tina,
and slowly, began to ease the pressure on both ends of the little
girl.  Dave
pulled his cock out first, and fell backwards, away from the little
girl,
looking down at his cum covered cock and her small, wet pussy, still
not
believing that this little girl could fit his immense wang into her
tight
hairless box.  Then Dave, pulled his cock out of Tina's face.  It was
still
hard, but the man was totally spent.  He too fell backwards on the
floor
panting.

        The men on each side let go of the little girl, and Tina
immediately
rolled on her side, coughing and gagging, trying to clear her throat
of the
load of hot sperm that had been shot there, and trying to catch her
breath, now
that she could finally breath again.  Tears were in her eyes as she
tried to
recover from the pain and fright of the double fucking she'd just had.
She
coughed up some cum and it hung on her lips. Most of it she swallowed.
The
taste was sour, spicy, and Tina was getting very familiar with it.
She even
sort of liked it, but not the way it was just delivered.  She could
feel the
dampness on her cunny and bottom as the load of cum delivered there
oozed out
and coated her entire hairless crotch.  She cried to herself,
frightened of
what had happened, and scared of what might happen next.  When she'd
finally
managed to catch her breath and swallow all the sperm left in her
mouth, she
looked up. Only to see a video camera with Mr. Phillips behind it,
staring her
right in the face.

        "How'd you like that nice double fuck, huh Tina?"  He said
behind the
camera.  "Do you like having two cocks in you at once, baby?"

        "It hurt."

        "What hurt, sweetheart?"

        "It hurt when he pushed it in my mouth! It hurt my throat."

        "Oh, come on, baby.  You've had cock in your throat before,
right. It
didn't hurt then, right.  Here.  Reach up and feel your throat right
now.  Go
on.. Do it.. Now.. tell me where it hurts.  Show me where your throat
hurts."

        Tina put a hand on her throat, but for the life of her could
not
pinpoint where her throat hurt.  In fact, it didn't really hurt at
all. Tina
just looked up at the camera and didn't say anything.

        "It didn't really hurt at all, did it.  You just got scared,
right.
You got scared because it was your first double fuck and you didn't
know what
was happening, right baby?"

        "I..... I guess so...", she said, still sniffling, trying to
sort out
her feelings.  "I was scared!"

        "I'm sorry, sweetheart.  We didn't mean to scare you, did we
guys?"

        "No way!"  "Nawww"  "Hey, we're sorry, Tina"

        "We wanted to double fuck you, and you gotta admit you like to
fuck
right?"

        "Well.. yeah", she replied in a small voice.

        "And you like to suck cock, right?"

        "It's okay, I guess.."

        "So okay then, now you did both at the same time."

        "But you forced me.. I didn't like it."

        "Okay, baby.  We're sorry.  We won't force you to do that
again. But
hey, you came remember.  Just before we fucked you!  How was that?"

        "I.. It was .... nice"

        "NICE!?  Nice.. Tina, you were going crazy!  We got it on film
if you
want to see it!  You're one hot little girl, baby, and we all really
like hot
little girls.  I guess you just turned us on so much.  Hey, I got an
idea.  Why
don't us guys all turn you on, and make you cum again. Sound like a
good idea?"

        To Tina, doing anything that would make her have an orgasm was
a good
idea.  She nodded her head.

        "Alright.  Here.. Get up.  Since Dave did it to you, you can
do it to
him!  Fuck his face with that nice little cunt of yours."  They helped
Tina get
up and walked her over to where Dave still lay on the floor. They
guided her
over him, and had her kneel down onto his face, her hairless cunt
mashing down
into his mouth.  "Okay, Dave, you gotta make it up to little Tina
here.  You
fucked her mouth, now she fucks yours.. Only fair!"  Dave couldn't
agree more,
and nodded his head to show it. In an instant his mouth was open, and
his
tongue snaked out and began licking the 11 year old's tiny snatch from
top to
bottom.  Sperm still dripped from her small vagina, but Dave didn't
mind that
since he liked young boys as much as young girls and had drunk his
share of cum
in his time.  But having his face humped by a hot little, hairless
pussy was
one of his favorite turnons.  So he lapped at her, paying particular
attention
to the clit swelling at the top of her hairless slot.

        Tina's body reacted instantly to feel of Dave's rough tongue
on her
clit.  A wave of pleasure emanated from her cunny and made her whole
body
tingle.  The deep fucking of her throat, and her rough treatment were
instantly
forgotten.  She felt hands all over her body, particularly on her ass.
She
felt a finger hit her small anus, and begin to massage the small hole,
not
penetrating, just massaging.  It sent more tingles through her body.
Her hips
began to gyrate, moving her pussy around on Dave's mouth.  She let her
knees
spread more, increasing the pressure on the man's face and mouth.
'Yeah.. I
can push down as hard as I want cause he did it to me!', she thought,
and again
pushed down on Dave's mouth. Tina wanted to hump Dave as hard as he
had humped
her.  She didn't know that that would simply be a turn-on for the man
she was
humping. Tina leaned forward, putting her hands to the floor and
lining her
clit up perfectly with the man's mouth.  She then began to hump him as
hard as
she could, hitting the underside of his nose with her bald pubic bone.
His
tongue danced on and around her clit, and his lips were mashed against
her
hairless lips.  Dave reached up and grabbed her humping ass to pull
even harder
on the little girl.  His erection was rapidly re-inflating.

        Tina's eye's were closed.  She was really enjoying the
sensation of
being in control, of being able to hump this grown man as hard as she
wanted,
when something bumped her face.  She opened her eye's and saw a cock
being
stroked just and inch in front of her open mouth.  She looked up,
never
stopping her hips, and saw Jim Phillips kneeling in front of her
masturbating
in her face.  "It's yours if you want it, Tina.  You're in control
now.  You
can suck it if you want, baby, but you don't have to." 'Oh wow!', she
thought,
I really am in control!  She kept humping her hips into Dave, but her
eyes were
fixed on the purplish swollen erection being stroked in her face.  It
looked so
big.  She knew that Jim Phillips hadn't cum yet.  'He must really be
turned
on.', she thought.  And she knew that it was HER that had turned him
on.  Her
cunt was on fire.  She knew that she'd be cumming soon.  She leaned
her face
closer to the penis in front of her.  She let the head rub against her
cheek,
felt the heat coming from the large cock.  Pre-cum fluid was oozing
from the
tip, and Tina let this be rubbed on her face.  She brought her mouth
up to the
tip of his cock and let her tongue out to taste the oozing fluid.  The
taste
was warm, and salty, and familiar.

        Jim kept stroking his cock in the 11 year old's face, watching
her
tease him.  He wanted to shove it into her mouth and make her swallow
his hot
load, but it was more important now that Tina feel in control, that
Tina
understand what it felt like to want to fuck someone hard, like Dave
and Tom
had fucked her.  And it looked like she was taking to this little
lesson quite
well.  She was humping Dave with her hips, as hard as she could.  Jim
knew that
Dave was going to have some bruised lips when this was over, but he
also knew
that Dave loved it. So he kept stroking his cock into Tina's face,
being
careful not to thrust forward.  He felt her lips around the end of his
swollen
erection, and felt her tongue probing the small hole in the end.  He
carefully
kept his hand away from her head so she'd feel no pressure to go
further, but
he knew either way, watching her get fucked, and watching her fuck
Dave, had
turned him on enough that he was going to blow a large load into her
mouth, or
onto her face.  It didn't really matter which.

        Tina was getting close to cumming.  Her cunt juice was flowing
into
Dave's mouth, and already, pre-orgasm contractions where starting.
Tina loved
the feeling of fucking Dave's mouth, and the feeling of her lips on
the tip of
Jim's cock.  It felt good to know that Mr. Phillips wasn't going to
ram his
cock into her mouth.  It felt good to be in control.  She let more of
his hot
penis slip into her mouth.  The head of his penis slide easily into
her mouth,
and she let it sit there, oozing fluid into her mouth.  She didn't
suck, and
she let her tongue glide around the tip lazily.  It felt good in her
mouth.  It
was all getting to be too much.  "Tina.... I'm gonna.. cum, baby...",
she heard
Mr. Phillips say.  "Do you want it in your mouth?"  Tina was just
about ready
to cum herself, and all she did was nod her head and moan "UMMM UMMM"
around
his prick.  She wanted to feel him cum in her mouth.  To feel it blast
out from
his cock into her mouth and not her throat. She wanted to taste his
cum, and
know that she was the one who made it happen.

        "Oh.. yeah... TINA! I'M CUMMMMMMMIIINNNNGGG"  and his cock
exploded in
her mouth.  And that did it.  Tina moaned loudly, and her own orgasm
took off.
Jets of white cum shot into her mouth, but Tina was in her own
convulsions.
Her body whipped back and forth on Dave's face, her clitoris mashed
down hard,
and her pussy spasmed on him, forcing more of her young juices out to
coat his
face.  She never let go of Mr. Phillips cock, as it filled her mouth
with cum.
She thought to swallow, some of it, but most just leaked out around
her lips
and down her chin to fall on the floor.  "UMMMMM UMMMM UMMMMM UMMMMMM"
The
little girl moaned, accepting Mr. Phillips love gift and as she
hunched her
small pussy on another man's face.

        Slowly.. Slowly, Tina's orgasm subsided.  Mr. Phillips cock
had stopped
jetting semen into her mouth at some point, but Tina didn't know when
that was.
 She let the organ fall from her mouth.  "Ohhhhh godddddd.." was all
she could
say.  The little pre-teen was spent.  On her hands and knees, she let
her head
fall down and her weight collapse on the face of the man under her
tired pussy.
 Finally, she rolled off Dave and fell on the floor, totally relaxed.

        "Way to go, TINA!"

        "How was that, sweetheart?"

        "Man, Tina, can you ever hump!", this from Dave, as he rolled
on his
side and reached out to stroke her young body.

        "Hey, Jim.. She really drained you, huh!"

        Tina looked around and saw Jim Phillips laying on the couch a
step or
two away.  The look on his face was total satisfaction.  He looked at
her,
"Tina, that was fantastic.  Thanks for taking my cock!  I really
needed to cum.
How about you.. Did you enjoy that?"

        "Yeah...", she sighed, languidly.  "That's felt great!"  Tina
lay on
the floor surrounded by naked grown men, and realized that she loved
sex.  She
thought that it would be great to come here every day to suck and fuck
and hump
and cum!!  'Oh man.. those other girls don't know what they are
missing!', she
thought.

        The whole naked group lay around for a few minutes, relaxing,
all spent
except for Howard, who'd not yet had his first orgasm. For once, the
video
camera as off and ignored.  It had been passed around from person to
person
during their little orgy and all the action had been captured on film,
but
right now, no one wanted to deal with it.

        After about 5 minutes, the doorbell rang.  Jim got up and
grabbed a
robe off the back of the couch to go and see what it was.  They heard
the door
open, and some muttered voices.  The door closed, and Jim returned to
the
living room, but he wasn't alone.  Following after him was young David
Wallace,
the boy Tina had been playing "doctor" with when this whole thing had
started.
His eyes scanned the room and landed on the slim form of Tina laying
naked on
the floor.

        "Hi, David", said Tom.  The other men greeted the young boy
too. It was
obvious to Tina that they all knew each other.

        "Tina, you know David, right!  Say Hi."

        Tina who didn't mind laying naked in the middle of a bunch of
strangers
was suddenly embarrassed to be seen like that by someone she knew.
After a
short hesitation she said, "uhh  Hi".  There was nothing to cover up
with, all
her clothes having disappeared.  Tina didn't know what to do.

        "uh.. Hi, Tina", said David.

        "David came over to join in the party.  David likes sex as
much as you
do, Tina.  Here, watch, we'll show you.  Strip off your clothes David.
Join the
fun."

        Tina watched as David obeyed Mr. Phillips and stripped off his
clothes.
His 14 year old body was slender, but well muscled.  His pubic hair
was light,
and not fully grown.  He had no hair on his chest yet, and his skin
was smooth
and pale.  When he was done stripping off his clothes he stood up and
faced
Tina.  She could see that his cock was already hard. It was much
skinnier than
the men around her, and it bobbed up and down, jerking to the rhythm
of his
heartbeat.

        "Come here, David", said John, the large muscular man sitting
in an
easy chair, his legs splayed wide and his cock hanging limply between
them.
David walked over and stood in front of the man.  He reached up and
took hold
of David's wrist, pulling the 14 year old to his knees between his
spread legs.
He then reached up and put a hand on the back of David head, pulling
him
downward until his face touched his limp cock.  "Suck me, David.  Suck
me off."
And David did!  He reached up and took the limp prick in one hand,
guiding the
tip into his mouth and he began to suck on the man!

        Tina's eyes almost popped out of her head.  She had never
heard of
homosexuality or bi-sexuality.  All she knew was that boys and girls
did it
with each other.  Jim Phillips eased up next to her, putting his mouth
to her
ear and whispering, "What do you think of that, Tina?" Tina whispered
back,
"He's not supposed to do that."

        "Why not?"

        "He's a boy!"

        "So?"

        "I.. I don't know.  They're not supposed to... do it with
another boy"

        "Tina, I told you, you have alot to learn. You've done so
much, and
learned so much, but there's still alot more.  Hey, little girls
aren't
SUPPOSED to do it with grown-ups, but you do!  Right!  Little girls
aren't
supposed to know how to fuck and suck, but you do.  So why aren't they
SUPPOSED
to enjoy sex with each other?"

        "I don't know.  Their both boys."

        "When it comes to sex, it doesn't really matter does it,
unless you
want to make babies!  You just do what feels good.  And from the size
of John's
cock right now, I bet David is making him feel real good!"

        It was true.  John's cock had gotten completely erect in
David's mouth.
David was no stranger to cock sucking and was stroking his hand up and
down
the erect penis in time to the movement of his head.  John had a hand
on both
sides of David's head, and was setting the pace. Tom had gotten up off
the
floor and moved over behind young David, reaching between his legs and
stroking
his bobbing cock.  Tom's own erection waved obscenely between his legs
as he
manipulated the 14 year old boy.  He turned around to Howard and said,
"Hey,
Howie.. Throw me the K-Y, will you."  Howard grabbed a tube of
something off
the side table and tossed it to Tom.  Tom opened it and squeeze the
lubricant
into the palm of his hand.  He then stroked his hand up and down on
his cock
until is glistened.  Then he rubbed his hand up and down in the crack
of the
9th graders ass.  When he was satisfied that all the parts were
sufficiently
lubed, he took his cock and guided it to the crack of young David's
butt.

        Tina turned to Jim Phillips and the whispered conversation
started
again.  "What's he doing?"

        "He's gonna fuck David, sweetheart."

        "You mean.. in his bottom?"

        "Yup.  That's exactly what I mean.  Member I said that you
could fuck
in your bottom.  So can anybody!  Watch.."

        It took Tom a couple of seconds to get his cock lined up with
the boys
anus, but eventually he started pressing the head of his cock into the
brown
opening.  The head popped in and David's head gave a jerk upward, but
John
continued to hold him down on his cock, pulling the boy's mouth even
further
down onto this cock.  A moan escaped from the boy as Tom slowly pushed
the rest
of his cock into the tight rectum of the 9th grade boy bent over
before him.
Tina couldn't tell if David was moaning in pain or pleasure.  She
watched as
Tom humped David, and John fucked David in the mouth.  She realized
that just a
short time ago it had been her who had two cocks in her, and that is
must have
looked something like this.  Two grown men, holding onto the body of a
much
younger child, each thrusting their  distended penises into an
orifice; each
looking to ejaculate into a younger mouth or ass.  Tina saw the looks
of
pleasure on the men as they humped David.  It turned her on. With out
knowing
it, her hand reached down and slowly rubbed her own hairless pussy.
Jim
Phillips next to her was stroking her with one hand while his cock
grew.

        "Oh, man.. I'm gonna pop, David.. Right in your mouth, boy.
Oh..
Oh...YEAH... HERE IT COMES, BOY... OH FUCK!! .... EAT IT!! EAT IT!
YYAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH."  Tina saw John pull down hard on David head.  She
saw his
body convulse and his balls churn as they pumped young David full of
hot cum.
She knew what David was feeling.  Knew what he was tasting.  And it
turned her
on.  She saw cum leaking from David's mouth and knew that he couldn't
swallow
with a prick in his mouth any better than her.

        "OH FUCK, DAVID.. ME TOO.. ME.. UHHH... TOOOOOOOOOO
AAAAHHHHHHHH" And
Tom began to spray the inside of David's rectum with cum.  He pulled
on the
boys hips, and bent down over him, his butt clenching and unclenching
with each
shot of sperm into the 14 year olds ass.  For his part, David couldn't
do much
except take what was shooting into him from both ends.  He moaned a
little and
both men thrust into each end of his body.  Tina understood what he
felt, or at
least thought she did.

        Finally, both men let go of the 14 year old boy, and their
limp pricks
came out of each end of his body.  David was breathing hard and he
rested his
head in John's crotch until he had recovered his breath. Finally, he
looked up
at Jim Phillips as if to say, what do you want me to do next.

        "Come over here, David.", Mr. Phillips said, motioning with
his hand.
David crawled across the floor to Mr. Phillips, next to Tina. Tina was
still a
little embarrassed to be naked in front of a kid she knew, but the
scene that
had just played out in front of her had lessened that considerably.
"David,
would you like to fuck Tina?"

        "Yeah, you bet!", he said, looking at the 11 year old's
slender body.

        "Tina, would you like to fuck David?"

        "Uh.. I don't know.  I guess."

        "Good.  David, why don't you go down on Tina first to get her
ready.
Then you can fuck her while we watch."

        "Okay", the boy said, and slide between Tina's legs, spreading
them so
he could get access to her tender pussy.  Her hairless snatch was a
turn on for
him, and he had to lift himself up on his knees to keep from grinding
his
erection into the carpet.  Jim Phillips took Tina by the shoulders and
laid her
back down on the carpeted floor, kissing her with deep thrusts of the
tongue
into her mouth, while David started licking the little girls small
slit.  Tina
loved the feel of a mouth on her cunny and immediately reached down to
put a
hand on David's head, pushing his head deeper into her young slit.

        David was in heaven.  He'd wanted to fuck little Tina West
since he'd
first seen her.  He'd been seduced by Jim Phillips 2 years ago, and
had finally
mentioned his desire to the older man during one of their sex
sessions.  Jim
Phillips thought he could arrange it, if David would cooperated, and
true to
his word, here was little Tina, spread out before him, pushing her
hairless
cunt into his face.  He loved the feel of her bald pussy against his
face, the
smooth wet lips almost sucking on his chin as he licked her swelling
clitoris.
He could feel her cunt throb as he licked her, and knew he was turning
her on.
He couldn't wait to jam his prick into her and feel how tight her
little twat
would be on him.  He wanted to shot his cum into her and look at her
face as he
did it.  And today, he was going to get his wish.

        Tina was thrusting into David's face now, her hips moving
without
conscious effort.  She loved the feel of a mouth on her most intimate
area.
She loved the way a tongue felt on her clit, the warmth, and the
moisture; the
feeling of resting her hand on a head between her thighs. She was
going to cum
soon from it, she knew.
        "Okay, David.  Come up here and fuck her now.  Fuck that
little girl."

        David didn't need any urging.  He lifted himself up and
crawled up
Tina's body.  Tina opened her legs willingly, wanting to feel his hard
prick
enter her small opening and stretch her until she came.  She was close
to
cumming now, it wouldn't take much more to make it happen. David
loomed over
her now, fumbling with his cock to find the opening to her cunt.  Jim
Phillips
reached in and guided the tip of the boys erection to the 11 year olds
opening.
David immediately thrust himself into the little girl, eliciting a
gasp from
her.  He couldn't wait for her to recover from his penetration, but
immediately
began to fuck her hard, holding himself off her with his arms.  The
slap, slap,
slap of their two young bodies the only sound in the room.

        Tina was a little disappointed that David's cock was so small.
She was
a little surprised when he first rammed home into her, but once he
started
fucking her she realized that he wasn't near as large as the men that
had
fucked her so far.  Tina was a little disappointed, but not for long.
What
David lacked in size, he made up for in speed. He fucked her fast and
hard.
Tina felt her ass bouncing off the floor as David fucked her, slapping
her
hairless sex hole with his nearly hairless hips.  The tingle in her
cunt was
growing again, and it would only take a minute or two of David's
fucking to
bring her off.

        For the men in Jim Phillips living room, the youngsters were
putting on
a great show.  14 year old David, slamming his teenage prick into the
6th grade
pre-teen, was a real turn-on.  Every man in the room had an erection,
just
watching the kids fucking each other.  They all slowly left their
seats and
formed a circle around the two kids. They all knelt down around the
youngsters
and began stroking their cocks over both of the kids.  Tina and David
didn't
know it, but they were going to be the objects of a cum shower, when
they were
done fucking.

        David came first.  He felt his balls tighten and then felt a
mighty
internal heave.  He moaned incoherently and his penis started to pump
his semen
into the 6th grade girl.  He fell forward onto Tina, and his hips
continue to
hump her involuntarily.  He pumped his full load into her, and then an
amazing
thing happened.  Little Tina, feeling David pumping his sperm into her
sex
hole, began to cum too. Her pussy clamped down on David's invading
penis,
massaging it and prolonging his orgasm until he was blind with
pleasure.  Tina
let out a yell of pleasure, "AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
FFFFFUUUUUCCCCCKKKKKK
MMMMEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!   AAAHHHHH!   AAAAAAAHHHHH!", and clutched at the
jerking
boy, reaching down to his ass to try and pull more of him into her
young body.
The two children humped each other blindly, each in the throws of
their own
orgasm, each pleasuring the other without even being aware of it.

        As each child's orgasm began to subside, they became more
aware of
reality again.  Almost simultaneously they both looked up and became
aware of
the men gathered around them, jerking off over them.  David pulled his
penis
out of Tina and rolled to one side, propping up on his elbow next to
the little
girl.  Both children looked up at the monster cock's pointed at them,
and
realized what was in store next.

        "Oh.. Man.. Yeah.. Here I Cum..... Yeah... YEAH...NOWWWW!" and
Tom
blasted his sperm at the two youngsters.  The first shot hit David in
the face,
and caused him to jerk his head back.  It dripped from his face onto
Tina's
face, hitting her in the lips.  Tom's next ropy white shot, landed on
David's
chest, and proceeded to drip down to where his chest leaned on Tina's.

        "Oh.. Gawd.. Me TOOOOOO!  YAH!  TAKE IT KIDS.. TAKE THAT HOT
CUM!!"
The older Dave, looming over Tina's head shot his jism lengthwise down
her
body.  It landed in a white line starting on her hairless young
vaginal lips
and snaking up to her left nipple.  His next shot did not have the
same energy,
and it just landed on her chest.  He aimed his cock at David, and the
next
spurt struck the boy on his face and hair, coating his forehead in
creamy
sperm.

        Almost as soon as the older Dave started cumming, John shot
his wade on
the 14 year old boys back.  He didn't have much left, having cum in
both Tina
and David, but what there was dripped down the boys back, and coated
his butt.

        Jim Phillips was not to be out done by his friends.  His load
shot out
and hit David's penis, dripping off the young boy, and pooling in
little Tina's
hairless slit.  He moved his cock back and forth as he came, splashing
both
kids with a copious amount of white, sticky semen.

        Tina and David didn't know what to do, so they just lay there
as the 4
men covered their young bodies in sperm.  The hot fluid landed
everywhere on
the youngsters, dotting Tina's chest and face with drops of jism.
David was
getting coated too.  He took several more blasts of white cum in his
face,
closing his eyes when they hit.  Cum landed on Tina's belly, and
spread down
either side of her slender body.  The cum that landed on David's
front, soon
dripped down and landed on Tina, him still being propped up next to
the little
girl.  When the last drop of semen had been shot onto the children,
hands
reached down to spread the white lotion all over both their bodies.
Tina felt
hand spreading the semen on her chest, stomach and rubbing it into her
tender
young cunt. David felt hands smearing the semen on his back and
reaching down
to jack his cock and get it liberally coated in cum as well.  When
both
youngsters where covered from head to toe, the men stood up and one by
one
knelt down next to Tina's head.

        "Suck it clean, sweetheart.", said the first man, hold his
deflating
cock out to the 6th grader.  Tina opened her mouth and let the flaccid
penis
in.  She sucked, and a last few drops of semen oozed out the small
hole in the
end.  She swallowed this, and the cock was removed from her mouth.
"You too,
David.." And the same cock was offered to the young boy. He too, took
the man's
cock into his mouth, and sucked.  In turn, each man offered his prick
to both
children to be sucked and licked clean.  Tina and David did not
hesitate in any
case.  David, because he'd done this ritual before, and Tina because
she didn't
know what else to do.

        "Hold on a minute!", said Howard after the ceremony was done.
Howard
had been designated camera man for most of this orgy, and so had not
had a
chance to cum yet.  "Hey.. We still got some business to take care
of!", this
last said as he held his large erection in one hand, and eyed the two
kids with
the other.

        "Okay, Howie.. What do you want to do?"

        "Well, I notice that little David there still has a hard-on..
How about
a sandwich?"

        Tina wondered why Howard would be talking about food, when she
thought
everyone wanted sex.  She guessed maybe that's how Howard had gained
all that
weight, thinking about sandwiches all the time.

        "Sounds like a good idea to me, but do you think she can take
it?"

        "Oh.. I think so... It'll be tight, but I like em tight."

        Tina didn't have a clue as to what was going on, but figured
she'd go
alone.  After all, she'd gone along with everything so far.

        "David, lay down on your back.  Okay, now. Tina, I want you to
get on
top of David and fuck him.  Climb on  your knees and put his cock in
your
cunny.."

        David had lain down as soon as he was told to, his still erect
cock
sticking up from his body and twitching.  Tina looked up at Mr.
Phillips giving
her directions, and complied when she understood what was wanted.
'Oh, good..
We get fuck again!', she thought. Tina could not get enough of
fucking, and
knew before she even mounted the 14 year old boy that she would have
another
orgasm just from having his dick in her.  She lifter her bottom after
straddling David, and reached down for his cock.  She guided the head
of his
penis between her tender lips and let her weight push his cock up into
her
body.  David helped with a thrust of his hips, loving the feeling of
Tina's
hairless pussy sucking his teenage pecker.

        Once again, the men gathered around the fucking teens, only
this time
they pushed Tina down until her chest met Davids.  Two men held her
there,
putting pressure on her back with one hand and holding her wrist with
the
other.  Tina didn't like it much, because she couldn't move enough to
fuck
herself on David, but fortunately he kept fucking her by thrusting his
hips up
into her.  His penis felt good inside her, and Tina relaxed and let
herself be
fucked by the 14 year old.

        Suddenly, she felt a cool sensation on her anus as a hand
rubbed some
kind of lotion on her small rear entrance.  A finger began to probe
her small
brown hole, completely exposed in this position, and with almost no
delay, it
was thrust up into her rectum.  "Ow!  Hey.. what are you doing?"

        "Just checking it out, Tina honey", this from Howard.  Tina
couldn't
lift herself up and close her bottom to his probing.

        "That hurts... Stop.. Please.."

        "No, baby.  I got the lucky draw, sweetheart, and I'm gonna
fuck you in
the ASS!"  And with the last word, he shoved his whole finger up into
the 11
year olds tight anus.

        "OOWWWW.. No.. Please No... Ow.. Stop.. Please..."  Tina was
begging.
She couldn't imagine being fucked in the ass.  Just the finger in
there felt
huge.  She kept begging to be left alone, that it hurt, that she was
scared,
but her cries fell on deaf ears.

        "You gotta do it someday, honey.. May as well be now"  Howard
had
removed his finger from the little girls bottom.  He positioned
himself behind
her, aiming his cock at her virgin rear entrance. The head of his cock
touched
the puckered rear hole, covering it completely.  Howard, looked down
at where
his dick met the 11 year olds anus, and wondered aloud if she could
take it.
"Man, do you really think she can take this thing?"

        "Sure, man.. Hey 'member that 10 year old last year. She took
John for
Christ sake.. Do it, man.  Fuck that tight virgin ass!"

        "Okay.. Here goes..."  And he began to pressure his penis
forward
pushing in Tina's rectal orifice.  Tina was shaking with fear.  Her as
cheeks
were being held apart by one man, while Howard concentrated on
impaling her
ass.  With a sudden pop, the head of his cock broke through the
resistance of
her young sphincter, and he felt her anus clamp down on the head of
his prick.

        "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW.... IT
HHHHHUUUUUUURRRRRTTTTTTTSSSSSSSSSSS...... PLEASE DON'T..." Tina
screamed, but
Howard kept pressing forward, amazed that his fat cock could slide
into this
little girl at all!  Slowly his cock disappeared between Tina's spread
ass
cheeks.  The heat and tightness of her rectum where unbearable.  Her
cries and
sobs and struggles, just added to the sensations in her fantastic
bottom.  She
couldn't move because she was held down by Tom and Dave.  And John was
holding
her ass open to Howard's advancing cock.  Slowly he pressed on. With
only an
inch of cock to go, the going got tough.  Maybe there wasn't enough
lubrication, or maybe this 6th grader didn't have enough room to hold
two cocks
at once. Didn't matter.  Howard leaned over the little girl and gave
one last
hard thrust.

        "AAARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHH"  Tina screamed at the
blinding
pain in her bottom.  She couldn't move, couldn't get away, could
barely breath
because the two men held her down so hard, to allow Howard to thrust
into her.
The pain of having her rectum stretched to fit this huge erection was
unbelievable.  Tina completely forgot that David's still erect penis
was deeply
imbedded in her small cunt.  Compared to the pain in her ass, the
pleasure of
having her small pussy filled with a reasonable sized cock was
nothing.  Tina
couldn't understand how David had managed to take a cock in his ass
before
without screaming!

        "SHIT!! FUCK!!! GOD DAMN.. THIS GIRL IS TIGHT!!!"  Howard had
managed
to fit his whole erection in the 11 year old girl.  His cock was in a
warm
vice.  Almost, it felt like he wouldn't be able to pull it out, but he
did,
just a bit, and then pushed home again, into the little girl.  'OH
MAN.. THIS
WON'T TAKE LONG!', he thought to himself. The thrill of de-flowering
this tight
anus was almost enough to bring him off.  He had to concentrate not to
shoot
off in her right then and there.  Hell, he wanted to fuck her a little
bit,
since he was the first. And so he did.  Pulling and pushing his large
cock
between the bottom cheeks of this 6th grade school girl.  He fell
forward onto
the pre-teen, resting his weight on her back and humped her for all he
was
worth.

        "OW... OW.... OW... OW... OW...", Tina chanted on each in
stroke of his
cock into her small bottom.  The blinding pain of initial entry had
subsided,
and was reduced to a burning sensation deep in her rectum.  His
thrusts hurt,
but she didn't feel like she was going to black out from the pain
anymore, and
she didn't feel the need to scream protests anymore.  She tried to
pretend that
she was passing a large turd, but the sensation was like nothing she
had ever
experienced.  This fat man was on her back, humping her, his hairy
chest
resting on her back.  She could still feel David under her, making
feeble
attempts to thrust into her cunt from below, though he was worse
pinned that
her, having to carry the weight of both people.  'He might be worse
off than
me..', she thought.  I wonder if he can breath?  And the more she
thought about
other things, the more the pain subsided, until is was just a dull
ache that
sharpened slightly whenever the fat man rammed into her.

        'Okay.. Okay.. I can take this.. Okay...', she thought over
and over to
herself to re-assure herself.  She still said "OW" each time the grown
man
fucked into her virgin anus, but now it was mostly ritual, and she did
it
unconsciously.  The other men had stood back now, no longer needed to
hold down
the 11 year old, and watched as Howard fucked her small bottom, and
David tried
to fuck her in the cunt.  David's face's was red, and it didn't look
like he
was breathing to easily, but his hard-on never wavered, and it could
still be
seen easily penetrating the little girls cunt.  The sight was a
turn-on, but
the men were pretty much spent.  Jim Phillips started to get a hard-on
again,
and figured .. 'what the hell'.  He walked over to where Tina's head
hung down,
forehead touching the floor, and lifted her chin up. It was awkward,
because
the 11 year old was almost completely covered by the man fucking her
ass, but
he managed to offer his cock to her mouth.  Tina seemed glazed out and
far
away, not really noticing his offered erection, so he pushed it into
her mouth
without waiting for her to notice.  The little girl accepted it, and
actually
seemed to suck on it, once she became aware of what was in her mouth.

        Tina, concentrated on her mantra to make the pain in her small
ass go
away.  Suddenly, she felt something poking at her mouth.  She opened
her eyes
and realized that one of the men wanted her to suck his cock.  The
semi-hard
penis slipped between her parted lips, and Tina realized that sucking
this cock
would help her ignore the cock that was invading her aching young
bottom.  And
so she sucked.

        The sight was amazing, and John made sure to grab the video
camera to
record every angle.  Here was an 11 year old school girl, down on her
knees,
every hole filled with cock.  The camera zoomed in on where 2 cocks at
the same
time entered her young hairless body. The cock thrusting into her ass,
caused
her anal opening to cave in with every thrust, and extrude out with
every
retraction.  The cock in her cunt barely moved, but you could tell the
boy was
trying his best to contribute to the fucking of the 6th grader.  The
camera 
moved around to the front and got a shot of Jim Phillips pushing his
cock into
her innocent face.  Her eyes were open and she watched the penis
disappearing
into her as best as she could.  The camera moved to the side and
showed the 
entire scene, two men and a boy, jamming there erections into every
hole of 
the tiny, slender, pre-teen girl.  Each blind to the others and they
used this 
child as a receptacle for their hot loads of cum.

        "NOW! NOW! NOW!!.... YAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!"  Howard came suddenly.
His
penis expanded and blasted his white hot seed deep into the little
girls
over-stretched rectum.  With each blast he slammed his hips forward,
trying to
impale himself as deeply as possible into the sweet young child whose
ass he
was fucking.  He thrust so hard that he rammed her body upward, and
David's
cock popped free of her small cunt.  His erection bobbed up and pushed
into
Howard's hanging testicles. Slamming Tina forward had the opposite
effect on
Jim Phillips.  Her mouth suddenly engulfed his entire cock, and he
felt the
head of his prick slide deep into her tight throat.  Howard kept
bellowing and
moaning and cursing as he flooded the pre-teens bottom with his semen.
He
finally collapsed on the little girl, his penis still twitching in her
anus,
but rapidly deflating.

        "Howard... HEY, Howard!!  Get up, will ya!  The kid can't
breath!"  One
of the other men came over and assisted the spent fat man in getting
off of
little Tina and David.  The men had noticed that poor David could
barely get
enough breath and had to rescue him. "Jesus, Howie.  What you trying
to do?
Crush these kids?!", they ribbed him while he recovered his senses
after his
blinding orgasm. "Nahhh", was all he could reply.

        Jim Phillips had removed his cock from Tina's mouth right
after she was
forced to deep throat him.  He figured, she had enough to worry about,
with
Howard shooting off in her like a bull on a calf!  He was amazed that
Tina had
managed to take his cock in her ass, he'd not really been sure
himself, and he
went back to check out her anus after they hauled the fat man off the
two kids.
He spread her cheeks and looked as her anus began to recover it's
normal
shape.  It looked red and stretched, but he didn't see any bleeding,
so he bent
down and kissed each of the young, tender ass cheeks before leaning up
to talk
to the two kids.

        "Hey.. David.. You guys never got to finish that fuck.. Roll
her over
and finish it.. she's all yours!"

        Tina was beyond words.  The pain in her ass was gone, and the
tension
drained away from her.  She had not realized how tense she'd been,
while
getting her ass fucked.  Maybe if she'd relaxed a little it wouldn't
have been
so bad.  Well.. lesson's learned for next time. And she surprised
herself with
that thought, because she realized that there would be a next time.
That she
would get fucked in the ass again because that's what men liked to do,
and she
liked men!  That's when Tina realized that sex was a whole world of
men and
boys, and maybe even girls that she was ready to explore.  She could
handle
anything! Or well.. most things...  She felt herself rolled over, her
aching
bottom pressed to the floor as her pussy was entered once again. She
looked up,
and saw David looking down at her.

        "Do you want me to fuck you, Tina?", he asked, wanting to make
sure she
wanted it.  He knew what it was like to have your ass fucked for the
first
time, and he remembered being dazed afterward too.  He wanted to be
sure that
Tina wanted to fuck, and not just curl up and recover.  He felt
sympathy for
her, and wanted her to know it.

        "Yes.. I want you to fuck me, David.. Make me cum!  Fuck me,
hard!"
Tina wanted it now, more than anything.  His penis in her young snatch
had
re-awakened the feelings in her clit, and rapidly took her mind off
her aching
bottom.  "Yeah.. Fuck me... Fuck me, please." and the young boy did.

        The men watched as the teenager and the pre-teen fucked each
other.
Each obviously enjoying the others body, and the sensations in their
own.  The
men loved to watch kids fucking, and David and Tina put on quite a
passionate
show.  But with the quickness of youth, it was all too soon over.
Tina shouted
her pleasure at David, yelling the fact that she was cumming and
wrapping her
legs around the young boys humping butt.  The throbbing of her
pre-teen pussy
around his young cock sent David over the edge and he too moaned his
pleasure
and his penis spat it's load of boy cream into the little girl.
Final, both
youths lay on the floor in each other's arms, spent and panting.  Both
sets of
eyes closed.

        "Guys, I'd say it was a successful party!"

        "Oh, man.. the best."

        "So, what do you say, huh... Do it again next week?"

        "Yeah."  "You bet!!"

        "And John, next time bring your two daughters, okay.  No use
making
poor Tina there do all the work!"

        "Hey, man. You got it.  I know Julie and Jennifer are ready
for another
party.  They didn't like being left out of this one, and hey, guess
what.  Next
week is Jennifer's 9th birthday.  We can have a real party!"

        "Alright!" "Yeah.. That'd be great."

        Jim Phillips looked at Tina and David. "What do you say, kids.
Wanna
come to a birthday party next week.  Plenty of cake, ice cream, and
fucking for
everyone!?"

        Both Tina and Dave looked at Mr. Phillips and nodded.  Each
was
grinning in anticipation.



From ddaily@digiforest.com Fri Sep 13 12:35:35 1996
Path: azea.digiforest.com!cam-news-feed1.bbnplanet.com!delphi.com!news-feed.iguide.com!imci2!pull-feed.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news.compuserve.com!ix.netcom.com!news
From: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.incest
Subject: REPOST-  TYO:  Tina - Younger/Older - 9  (Mf, pedo, incest)
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 1996 22:49:20 GMT
Organization: Rosa Lopez Inc ( RLI Industries)
Lines: 1515
Message-ID: <517fq5$s9p@sjx-ixn6.ix.netcom.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dfw-tx17-19.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Wed Sep 11  3:51:49 PM PDT 1996
X-Newsreader: Mr Double Agent        
Xref: azea.digiforest.com alt.sex.stories:1445 alt.sex.incest:600

Archive-name: Young/tina09.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Tina - Younger/Older - 9



****************************************
DOUBLE DISCLAIMER:
I did not write this story.
I don't know who the author is.
****************************************



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

WARNING ... This story contains graphic descriptions of sex among
pre-teen children and between adults and pre-teen children.  If you
find this offensive stop reading now.
 
This story is entirely fictional and any similarity between persons
and events depicted in it and actual persons and events is purely
coincidental.  The story is pure fantasy and none of the events
described herein are practiced, advocated or condoned by the author.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::








He was completely incoherent as his balls pumped spurt after spurt of
cum
deep into the fully impaled 3rd grader.  His ass clenched and
unclenched
as he filled the little girl with his hot semen, flooding her insides
to
capacity with cum.  Her immature body couldn't hold his fold and it
seeped
from her stretched quim and dribble down to coat her small puckering
rectum.
Trisha couldn't respond to the throbbing penis in her because her
mouth
was filled with a spurting cock.  The tiny girl's body was being
flooded
with 2 hot loads of cum; both shot deep into her tight immature
pre-teen body.
  
        Howard now lifted his ass of Betty's face, and repositioned
the
himself so that his distended penis rested on her small lips again.
"Open
your mouth, Betty.  You gotta open it as wide as you can!"  Betty
complied, though her 6 year old mouth was no match for the giant
erection
that Howard feed to her.  The head of his penis just barely fit
through
the tight "O" of the 1st grader's lips.  Howard muttered encouragement
to
Betty who had to really strain to keep her mouth open wide enough to
accept his now throbbing pecker.  "Oh, sweetheart.. Betty.. I love
your
mouth on my hard cock, little girl.  You're a really bueatiful little
girl, you know that, honey?  You look great with my prick in your
face,
baby!  I'm gonna push now, sweety.  You just keep your mouth open and
try
to relax.  Gonna.. UH.. push it.. UH.. in your mouth..  UH.. come on,
Betty." Howard was starting to pump his penis into the child's mouth,
using his wieght to try and force his oversized prick into Betty's
immature, and much-to-small throat.  Tina could see that Betty was no
longer holding her mouth open; rather, there was no place for her
mouth to
go.  Howard's penis in her 6 year old mouth, held her jaws stretched
to
the limit as it was, but his downward thrusts didn't seem to help in
getting any more hard cock into the youngster's mouth.  Her cheeks
bulged
outward as Howard shoved down because the head of his erection was
pressing against the entrance to Betty's tiny throat, and expanding
sideways under the weight to bloat her cheeks.  "Oh.. Shit, baby..
UH..
That feels great!  UH.. Now, look, I know you can take it, so I'm
gonna
push real hard now.. Just open your throat!
UUUUUHHHHHHHYYEEEAAAAHHHH!"
Unbelieavably, when Howard really leaned onto his erection, Tina could
see
that it slowly slipping deeper into the small girl's face.  Betty's
throat
bulged large, and the tiny child began to struggle under the large fat
man.  Her legs began to kick in an uncoordinated fashion as she
struggled
for breath.  Her chest spasmed with pain, and panic as Howard's penis
cut
off the little girls air supply.  

        Evelyn had heard Howard's triumphant cry as the head of his
prick
penetrated the tight opening to Betty's 6 year old throat.  She
quickly
got up, but instead of coming to the flailing child's aid, she walked
over
and sat down on the little girls legs, straddling the child's knees
and
pinning them to the floor.  She then reached out and grabbed Betty's
hands
in her own and stopped the tiny child from her futile beating at
Howard's
ass.  Cathy, Betty's mother, was finally recovering from her own
orgasm,
and rose off of Julie's sopping face to crawl over to her child.  She
knelt next to the man who was struggling to fuck her daughters face
and
said, "Feed it to her, Howard.  She's never done a deep throat before!
God look at her throat!  I can see your cock in her throat!  Oh, yeah!
You
opened her, now push it all the way into my little girl!"  And with
that,
Cathy reached a hand back to the top of Betty's tiny exposed cuntal
slit,
and slid her finger down past her little girls tiny pink clit and up
into
her immature little cunny, fucking the 1st grader with her finger.  

        To Tina it looked brutal, but she couldn't tear her eyes away
from
the sight of this fat bloated man viciously pushing the last 3 inches
of
his engorged penis down the too-small throat of a struggling 6 year
old girl.
Howard had moved his legs back until there was one on each side of the
girls body and he was no longer on his knees.  Tina could see the
boulders
of his ass clench as he pushed his cock into the young mouth under his
hips.  All the eyes in the room were on the fat man and the tiny slip
of a
girl whose throat was being raped.  Howard was out of control, his
passion
overriding the good sense that should have told him the 1st grader was
too
small if not too young.  The sensation of tightness around his
erection
that came and went as Betty gagged was milking him to a powerful
climax.  

        "Do it in her throat, Howard!! Fill her, man!", came a call
from
Tom on the couch.  Howard didn't hear.  His cock was just getting
ready to
explode and with one final lunge his coarse pubic hair butted up
against
the tiny child's button nose, and his testicle hung down covering her
chin.


"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"
Howard screamed like a bull as his penis pulsed once, twice, and then
started to shoot it heavy load of semen into the small girl.  There
was no
question of Betty swallowing his spurts of white jizm.  His massive
cock
filled her throat and there was no place for it to go but down. Tina
watched Betty's throat, and could actually see it pulsing as Howard's
cock
expanded and contracted within it, pumping load after load of gooey
cream
into the abused little girl.  His hips, after the first few spurts,
began
to buck up and down in an uncontrollable and unconscious fucking
motion.
Betty's throat was to tightly impaled to release the man's penis
easily,
and so her head bucked up and down with his hips, the back of her head
striking the carpeted floor repeatedly and her long blond hair slowly
spreading out around her angelic, penis impaled face.  

        This continued for about 40 seconds before Howard gained
enough of
his senses to realize that he might be hurting the child whose mouth
he
was so violently fucking!  He began to pull his penis from Betty's
mouth,
slowly and with much grunting because of the tightness of her oral
sheath.
Betty, in the mean time, had passed out, so her body was completely
limp
and her lips were as slack as they could be and still surround the
adult
penis.  Her head moved up with Howard's hips, at first, and then began
to
slip down his cock.  Her head hit the floor.  Her lips were pulled
away
from her face, almost as if the little girl was trying to keep his
cock in
her mouth.  But Betty wasn't thinking anything.  She was unconscious,
and
when the head of Howard's prick was pulled free from her teeth
dripping
semen on the girls cheek, her mouth did not close, but went completely
slack.  

        Realizing that he had gone too far with the immature child,
Howard
quickly climbed off of her and put his ear down to her mouth.  She was
still breathing, and he smacked her face a few times to try and bring
her
about.  He sprang back suddenly when the little girl gasped and then
began
to cough.  She was back from her faint, and her body was trying to
inhale
as much oxygen as possible while her throat was coughing up large gobs
of
newly deposited cum.  Her coughing sent semen and spittle flying all
over
her flat, heaving chest which Cathy proceeded to massage into the skin
surrounding her small pink nipples.   

        After coughing for a minute, Betty began to cry.  She sounded
so
childlike while crying that Tina's heart went out to the tiny little
girl.
Before she had heard that cry, it had seemed almost normal for a large
adult man to use a small girl to vent his raging lusts.  Now she
wasn't so
sure. 

        Hearing the child crying in pain and fear turned Jim Phillips
on
and he began, once again to fuck Tina's pre-pubescent cunt.  His hands
gripped her hips tightly, and pulled hard; smashing his erection deep
into
the 11 year old's hairless opening.  Jim had heard many little
children
cry and he'd always found it to be a turn-on.  Now his own raging
passion
was going to be expelled into the innocent 11 year old impaled on his
hard
cock.  He looked down at the girl he held, watched the way her small
bottom open and closed as he pulled her back and forth on his penis.
Watched the way her hair was flung back and forth as she swung her
head in
time with his strokes.  Watched her smooth slender back become taught
and
slack as she moved her body to gain pleasure from his fucking.   'OH
FUCK!
I LOVE FUCKING LITTLE GIRLS!', he thought to himself, and exploded
into Tina.

        Tina felt Jim's cock begin to throb in her cunt.  She heard
him
whimper incoherently and then felt the hot flood of liquid spurt into
her.
Her doubts of a few moments before disappeared as she thought 'OH GOD!
I
LOVE GETTING FUCKED!'.  She too began to convulse; her cunt muscles
massaging the erection that was held within them.
"AAAAAHAAHHHHHHHHRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHH", the little slut screamed
as
both man and child began to orgasm into and onto each other.  Tina's
juices ran down Jim's thigh's as his juices flooded her interior and
coated the pink lips of her hairless cunt.  Both man and child jerked
as
if they had grabbed live electric wires.  Tina's arms gave out and she
fell forward, her face hitting the couch seat and resting there as her
stomach jerked and jerked.  Jim fell forward on Tina's up turned butt,
mashing her two round orbs of flesh into his abdomen and rubbing his
course pubic hair against her small brown ass hole as it contracted in
and
out in time with her cunt.  It was quite a while before either man or
girl
was coherent enough to pay any attention to their surroundings, let
alone
begin to disengage their spent bodies.

        When Tina did come back to reality, she could hear the climax
of
Dave and Jennifer's anal lovemaking around the other side of the
couch.
Jennifer was whimpering and crying out, but not protesting in words
the
fucking of her tight 9 year old ass.  Tina could her the 'slap..
slap..
slap..' of Dave's flesh ramming into the pre-teen girls small round
ass.
"I'm CUMMING, BABY!! OH... OH.. YEEEEAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!", she could
hear
him cry.  "Yes, Daddy!  YES.. CUM IN MY ASS, DADDY.. CUM IN.. OH.. OH,
DADDY....   I CAN FEEL IT!!  I FEEL IT CUMMING IN MY ASS!!!  IT'S
HOT!!!
UH.. UH.. FILL ME, DAADDDDDDDEEEEEEE!"  Tina could hear both voices
degrade into a series of loud moans and grunts.  She finally heard the
sound of two bodies, one large and the other quite small, hitting the
carpeted floor completely spent and breathing hard.  

        Tina gave a small moan of disappointment as Jim's half flaccid
penis was pulled from the clinging lips of her smooth cunt.  He
reached
down and, putting and arm around her waist, help Tina stand again, and
held her until she got her balance.  Looking around, Tina saw a whole
group of children and adults, all completely spent from fucking,
sucking
and cuming in and on each other.  Dave and Jennifer lay on the floor
on
their sides, him behind her, his now limp cock peeking out from
between
her slender thighs, dribbling the last of its white spittle onto her
thigh.
Trisha lay spread-eagle on the couch, her chin and the top of her flat
chest covered in drying semen.  Her 8 year old nipples were coated in
the
glistening goo and both of them were erect.  Her eyes were closed and
she
looked as relaxed as could be.  Between her spread legs, the lips of
her
smooth, pre-teen cunt were reddened from having John's course pubic
hair
ground against them.  They too glistened from a mixture of her own
little
girl lubrication and his hot adult sperm.  The two men both lay on the
floor next to their 8 year old conquest, their limp penis' covered in
child lubricant and saliva.  Evelyn and Howard both lay on the floor
breathing hard.  There was not sign of Cathy and Betty, and Tina
concluded
that the 6 year old's mother must have taken her to another room to
make
sure she was okay.  Tina didn't care though.  She stumbled to the
other
side of the couch and flopped down next to the worn out Trisha wanting
nothing more than to relax and catch her own breath after the fucking
and
shattering orgasm she had just undergone.

        It was quite some time before anyone stirred themselves from
the
positions they had fallen in after sex.  The kiddie porn video still
played on silently on the TV; lots of little children sucking and
fucking 
adults for an audience that was quite used up.  Innocent faces covered
with gouts of sperm; slender young legs spread to reveal tiny pink
slits
that were soon impaled by large erections; small round bottoms, spread
by
large hands and probed by fingers, tongues and cocks.  The video
played
on and on, mesmerizing the exhausted watchers, lulling them into a
relaxed
state while at the same time, filling their minds with visual images
that
would come back to provide stimulus then next time their cocks got
hard or
their pussies got wet.  Providing both hypnotic relaxation and fuel
for
further debauchery.

        "Hey, folks.  I think she's gonna be okay."  It was Cathy
walking
down from the upstairs, little Betty holding her hand.  The childs
eye's
were still puffy and red from crying, and her free hand rubbed the
front
of her throat, trying to rub away a soreness that she felt on the
inside.
Howard immediately jumped up and walked over to the little girl he'd
raped
orally.

        "I'm sorry, Betty.  I really didn't mean to hurt you!", said
the
fat man, kneeling down next to the little girl.

        "It hurt, but I guess it's okay.  Mommy explained to me how
men
really like to stick their wieners into a tight place and that a girls
throat is really tight.  She said I should be proud that you really
wanted
to do that with me, and that I was able to do it.  I got real
scared.."

        "I know, honey.. I should have warned you more."

        "It.. It's okay.  I really did have it all in my mouth, didn't
I!?
I mean, I 'member your hair hitting my nose and my chin touching your
balls."

        "You sure did, sweetheart!  You took every inch!  You were
fantastic!"

        "Thanks."

        "So, you're still my special little girl friend, huh Betty?",
asked Howard, reaching out and pulling the small 1st grader to him.  

        "Yeah! I guess I am...hahaha", and Betty broke into giggles as
Howard began to kiss her smooth neck and shoulders, tickling her
bottom
with one hand, and stroking a finger up and down her tiny hairless
slit
with the other.  Cathy had succeeded in convincing Betty that what had
happened was a good thing; that having deep throated a man for the
first
time, the immature slip of a girl was growing to be sexy, and that
because
of the event, more men would find her desirable.  Betty was convinced
that
Howard had done her a favor by brutally ramming his large cock into
her
and filling her with his cum load.  If he asked to do it again, she
would
have submitted to him in an instant.  Betty had lived her whole life
as a
tool for other people's sexual gratification and today was a major
milestone in the little girls life to becoming her ideal: a complete
slut
who could be used in any hole at any time by anyone!!

        The other people in the room verbally congratulated the 6 year
old
on her "accomplishment"; Jim Phillips going so far as to walk over and
hug
the little girl, though with the difference in their heights and his
not
stooping over, Betty mostly got a face full of his flaccid penis from
the hug.


        "Who wants some ice cream?", said Evelyn, and several people
agreed.  Cathy urged Betty to eat some to soothe her throat, and the
girl
accepted the advice.  Jim began to play host again, making sure that
everyone had either a beer or soda depending on age and preference.
He
wouldn't have cared if the kids drank beer, having frequently relied
on
getting young kids drunk in order to have sex with them, but he sure
didn't want little Tina going home with alcohol on her breath and
possible
causing a stir.  It's a good thing CUM didn't linger on the breath!
Soon
the room again was split into 2 groups, children and adults, each
talking
about it's own topics.

        "I remember the first time I swallowed a whole cock.", said
Trisha.  "I wasn't as young as you, Betty, and I still had a hard
time.  I
threw-up afterward!"

        "Yeah, so did I.", remarked Julie.

        "It hurt alot, but I didn't get sick or nothing.  Mom says I
fainted and that's why I can't remember much.  The biggest thing I
remember was I coud'ent breath!"

        "You gotta learn how!  I couldn't breath either til I learned
how.
You gotta time, like, when to take a breath and all.  I think that's
why I
got sick my first time.. I couldn't breath enough and I gagged ALOT!",
remarked Jennifer.

        "How about you, Tina?  How do you do it?", asked Trisha.

        Tina didn't know what to say, so told the truth.  "I.. uh.. I
never did it before last week.  Jim Phillips did it to me last week,
right
here.  And then the a few days later, Dave, and John did it to me
too."

        "Just last week!?", said Jennifer incredulously.  "You mean
you
never sucked ANYONE until last week?"

        "Uh, huh."

        "God, that's amazing. We've been sucking our Dad for as long
as we
can remember.", said Julie, nodding toward her sister.

        "That's right.  So have you, haven't you Betty?", asked
Jennifer.

        "Uh huh.  I 'member I used to suck my Daddy's when I was
three.  I
couldn't get it in my mouth then, but I used to rub my lips on it
while he
rubbed it and tried to shoot in my mouth.  Most of the time I got it
all
over my face.", this last she said with a giggle. 

        This was amazing, thought Tina.  Look what she'd been missing
all
her life.  The conversation went on in this vein, each of the 
youngsters recalling various sexual events in their life for the
innocent
and inexperienced Tina.  Julie recounted how she had her first
gang-bang
at the age of 7, with 15 men all taking turns humping her mouth and
very
small cunt.  Jennifer recounted her first memory of her Daddy's cock;
she
didn't know the age, but he used to come in and masturbate onto her
face
when she was still in diapers, or at least that's what she thought.
Trisha told the tale of the time she got picked up by some 4 men who
drove her to a remote spot to rape her and who wound up getting worn
out
by the little girl.  They eventually drove her home after making her
promise to meet them all again in a week.  It had gone on for a month
until one day the men didn't show up; Trisha never knew what happened
to
them since she was too young to take an interest in reading the paper.
If
she had she would have seen that immediately after their last sex
session
with the 6 year old, all four men had been killed trying to beat a
train
at a railroad crossing.  One was still wearing Trisha's small panties
on
his head when they extracted his body from the wreckage - though that
part
was never printed in the papers.

        "Hey, girls, why don't you go play out in the backyard for a
while.", suggested Jim.  "We have another surprise, this one
especially
for the birthday girl, but you have to go out back while we set it up,
okay?"
The 5 young girls agreed, though they all wanted to know what the
surprise
would be.  Eventually, Cathy and Evelyn got them dressed and herded
out
the back door to begin again their disorganized game of badminton.
However this time, the children were too tired to play for long,
having
spent alot of energy in letting their young bodies be used for such
hot
sex.  Eventually, all the girls wound up on the deck, sprawled out in
the
deck chairs there.  They once more took up telling stories about their
various sexual adventures.  Tina may have been the oldest of the group
at
the tender age of 11, but Julie at 10 had the most experience in the
group.

        "What was the weirdest thing that ever happened to you?",
asked Trisha.

        "The weirdest.. uh.. I guess it was that time when Mr.
Phillips
wanted to make a movie with witches and stuff.  So we all went out to
this
real old graveyard he'd found.  These guys got all dressed up in, like
uh...  Holloween devil costumes and these real gross masks an stuff.
I
was 8 years old at the time an they dressed me in one of those school
uniforms, you know.  You wear a uniform to school, right, Tina?"

        "Uh huh.  I hate it."

        "Hey, my Dad says that he thinks girls in those uniforms are
like
really cute an' that they give him a real hard-on!", added Trisha.

        "Really?", asked Tina.

        "Yeah.  He says it makes 'em look innocent and stuff.  He even
bought me one and he makes me wear it once in a while when he fucks
me."

        "Huh.. So what happened in the graveyard?", asked Tina,
turning
back to Julie.

        "Well, then they like filmed this ceremony where they killed
some
chickens and let the blood drip all over this alter they had set up."

        "They killed them!?"

        "Yeah.  Cut their heads off with an ax.  Anyway, 4 of these
guys
grab me and carry me into the picture.  Jim told me to struggle alot,
so
I'm kicking and squirmin' and stuff.  Then they put me on this alter
and
tie my hands and feet with these ropes they got on the corners.  Then
this
guy with a goat's mask on starts using a knife to cut off my clothes.
I'm
supposed to scream, and when I do, they gag me.  They left it lose, so
that wasn't too bad, and Jim told me to stop screaming, but to keep
squirming in the ropes.  Okay, so anyway, they get all my clothes off
and
I'm still squirming, and I got this chicken blood all over my back and
stuff, and they kill another chicken and let the blood poor all over
me!"

        "Oh, GROSS!", said Tina.

        "Oh, it wasn't too bad.  It was warm and felt good because it
was
kinda cold outside and they all had clothes on and I didn't.  Anyway,
goat
man starts like chanting about sacrifices an stuff and all these guys
drop their pants.  Then goat man takes my gag out and sticks is penis
in
my mouth.  I can't see a thing because he's got my head falling
backward
off the alter and his dick's in my mouth.  Next thing I know, one of
the
guys is fucking me while goat head keeps chanting.  One after another
these guys all come up and fuck me and squirt their stuff all over my
belly and chest."

        "How many?"

        "I don't remember.  So when they get done, goat head fucks my
mouth until he cums on my face.  I lift my head up and look at myself
and
I'm covered in blood and cum.  I'm mean it was a real mess.  So then
they
set up to shot this picture where they cut me open and take out my
heart."

        "WHAT!", said Tina.

        "You know, like in a horror movie.  They fake all that stuff..
you
know.  Like Nightmare on Elm Street.  It was kinda neat how they did
it.
First they took a picture of the knife slashing down toward me.  They 
had this other knife that was sawed off halfway up and dull.  They put
that one against my belly so it looked like it went in.   Then they
took a
picture of me screaming my head off with this knife sticking in me.
Then
they took a shot showing the knife from the side moving right up the
middle of my chest.  They got this tube on one side of it connected to
this big bag of fake blood and its pouring out around the bottom of
the
knife so it looks like the are cutting me open.  Then they shot the
part
where they guy reaches into me and pulls out my heart, only he just
had
his wrist bent so it looked like it was in me.  He slowly pulls it
out..
they had this calves heart or something that they had covered in fake
blood.. and like, he's squeezing it to make it look like it's pulsing
and
all, and I like jerk around a few times and die.  You shoulda seen it
after it was all finished and they put it together.  They added some
real
close up shots of some guy gutting this deer and it really looked like
they had sliced me open an all.  Man it was grosser seeing it on film
later than it was filming it.  In fact, filming it was kinda boring
cause
they had to keep changing the camera angle and get everything set up
an
all.  An it was cold and all."

        "And that's the end.  They just kill you and walk away..",
asked
Tina, who hadn't ever seen this particular film.

        "Nah.  They stuck in some scenes were the guy with the goat
head
eats the heart.... It was fake!", she said, seeing Tina's horror.
"They
had a fake one made outa.. I think it was just colored bread or dough
or
something.   Anyway, they did all that, and then goat man starts to
chant
again about it being a good sacrifice and that now they had to purify
the
offering.  So all these guys line up around me.. and I'm playing dead
so I
can't move, and they all start to piss on me."

        "Huh?!", said Tina.

        "They all held their dicks out and like suddenly I'm getting
all
covered in hot piss.  Jim's like reminding me not to move, and this
one
guy is peeing right on my face!  I didn't move, but it wasn't easy..
specially when it went up my nose a little.   I was soaked all over
when
they got done."

        Tina didn't know what to think.  Part of her kept telling her
that
Julie was lying; making up the story just to lead Tina on and try to
shock
her.  But the other girls simply nodded their heads like they had
heard
of this... one person peeing on another.. before.  'No.. People don't
do
that...', she thought.  But another part of her reminded her that just
the
week before she didn't think that people sucked wieners and cunnies
either.  Before she could begin to question Julie more closely to see
if
she was telling the true, a voice called from the back door.

        "Hey, kids.. Come on in, it's all set up!!"

        Five little girls couldn't rush fast enough to get back into
the
house to find out what Jennifer's special surprise was going to be.
At
the back door, Cathy handed Jennifer a red ribbon and told her to
follow
it into the house.  The 9 year old birthday girl did just that,
quickly
reeling up the ribbon in her hands until she got to the living room
and saw
where the ribbon lead.  There, standing in a line before her, were 9
men,
all naked with the ribbon wrapped around the first man's erection and
leading to the next man's hard-on, and so on down the line. 

        "Nine men for my Nine year old little girl!", said John,
urging
Jennifer on to the first man.  "Go on.  Take a quick taste of them
all.
Right down the line!"

        So the slim, brown haired girl, unwrapped the first penis and
put
her lips to the tip, letting the head slide into her mouth.  The man
shuddered a bit, but otherwise didn't move or say a thing.  She moved
to
the next man, unwrapped his cock and took him into her mouth as well.
She
worked her way down the line until she'd taken all 9 cocks in her
mouth
for a few seconds.

        "Okay, sweetheart.  Me and your Mother both know how much you
love
the taste of cum, so, with Jim's help, we arranged for you to get all
you
need on your birthday.  These guys are ALL gonna fuck you in the mouth
and
give you some large loads of cum!  Right, guys?", he said turning to
the
line up.

        "You bet."  "That's right!"  And other affirmative signs were
heard from the line up of hard cocks.  What John had failed to mention
was
that each of these guys had paid $50 or more to the privilege of
pumping
their hot loads into a pre-pubescent girl.  These guys weren't part of
Jim
Phillips inner circle of peadophiles, but they were all guys he knew
and
who he sometimes hired as actors in his films.  Today's little oral
fuck
fest was going to be filmed and later sold in Amsterdam at a nice
price.
The cameras were all set up, and Jim was watching a set of monitors so
he
could control the zooming in for close-ups and cum shots; though most
of
those were going to take place in Jennifer's throat if all the men
obeyed
John's instructions to fuck his 9 year old daughter deep and hard in
her
willing open mouth.  

        "Come on, sweetheart.  Time to strip again!", said Evelyn, and
Jennifer wasted no time in pulling off her little dress, kicking off
her
shoes and socks, and pulling her white cotton panties down to show
this
group of men, HER men, her small hairless sex slit.  "Go ahead.  The
rest
of you may as well not be the only ones dressed!", and the rest of the
kids stripped off their clothes as well.  Some of the men, whose
hard-on's
had started to flag after Cathy and Evelyn's fluff job, grew back to
full
rigidity on seeing this group of small girl children, giggling naked
before them, there hairless labia peeking from between slender pale
thighs.  

        But one girl in particular held their attention.  Jennifer was
led, by her mother past the group over to where a foot stool had been
set
up in the middle of the living room.  She laid Jennifer down on it,
and
told her to hang her head backwards over the edge, thus putting her
throat
in line with her mouth for perfect fucking.  Trisha was led over to
one
side of Jennifer's head, and Julie to the other, both about 2 feet
from
the sprawled nude girl.  Tina was taken and knelt about 2 feet
directly in
front of Jennifer's upside down face.  Betty was led to kneel between
Jennifer's spread legs, right before her 9 year old cunt.  

        "Okay, Julie and Trish, you're gonna be the fluff girls.  If
anyone needs some quick mouth work to get hard, you do that.  The guys
will come to you if they need it, so just stay in the positions your
in
now.  Tina, your job is to stroke the balls of the man whose fucking
Jennifer in the mouth.  Just make them feel good so they can cum in
her
mouth.  Betty, you lick Jenny's cunny, okay, sweetie.  Guys.. you
already
know what to do... give her as much jism as you can.  Okay, everyone.

HEEEERRRRRREEEE WEEEEE GO!", and with that the men cam walking over,
dividing into 2 lines on either side of the laid back girl.  2 men in
line
knelt down on either side of Jennifer and took her wrists in their
strong
hands.  They pulled down on her arms until her hands rested on the
floor
behind and below her.  The first man in line knelt down in front of
the 9
year old and without a word began to push his erection into her
willingly open mouth.  He entered her slowly, letting her mouth get
used
to the size of his cock.  Then he spit in his hand and rubbed it all
over
the 4 inches of his penis that remained outside the tender young
pre-teen's
mouth.  Leaning his hands on her flat chest, he shoved hard with his
hips
and the rest of his boner was jammed rapidly into Jennifer's throat. 

        In reaction, her hands tried to spring upward, but they were
pinned to the floor by strong arms, keeping the 4th grader from making
any
escape attempt.  Her feet jerked out as well and were quickly grabbed
by 2
men further down the line and help apart in the air, letting 6 year
old
Betty continue her lapping of the hairless cunt before her.  The man
began
to hump Jennifer's face, his cock stroking in and out of her mouth.
His hands held onto the little girl's chest, one on either side, his
thumbs rubbing back and forth on her small, pink nipples.  From
behind,
Tina watched the man's hard butt clench and unclench, moving back and
forth.  

        "You have to help, Tina!", said Evelyn in her ear.  Tina
jumped a
little in surprise since she had been mesmerized watching the hard ass
pumping her new friends face.  "Here, give me your hand.  Now just
reach
through and stroke his balls.  Yeah... That's it.  Just hold them and
rub
them lightly.  That'll make him cum a gallon!  Just you wait and see!"

        Tina's hand had been guided between the man's thighs to touch
his
swinging testicles.  Once there, her fingers began to stroke and
fondle
the swinging sack on their own.  She had to be careful that she didn't
poke Jennifer in the eye since the man's large balls were bumping
against
the 4th graders face each time he pushed his cock into her.  Tina
couldn't
see very much from her vantage point, but she could feel the man's
nuts
start to clench as, after only a minute of humping, he began to shoot
his
load of cum into the child's mouth.  "OH FUCK!", he said as he pushed
in
and held his position, his ass clenched, his hands gripping the small
breastless ribcage before him.  His testicles pumped and squirmed in
Tina's grip and she swore she could feel the sperm gushing up through
the
underside of the man's penis to be sprayed deep in Jennifer's tight, 9
year old throat.  

        After nearly collapsing forward on his victim, the man
regained his balance and slowly eased his penis from Jennifer's
gripping
mouth.  The cock glistened with sperm and saliva, as it popped free
from
the girl's mouth.  Drops of cum fell from the end and landed on her
cheeks, but Jennifer didn't seem to care.  She was in heaven, having
taken
just the first of what she knew would be many more loads of hot semen
to
come.  She opened her eyes as the man stood up, seeing Tina upside
down in
front of her, and smiled at her new friend.

        Jennifer's smiling face was quickly obscured from Tina's view
when
the second man knelt down in front of her friend and began to feed her
his
hard muscle.  Again, Tina reached between his legs and began to stroke
the
balls she found there.  Looking to either side of the man now humping
Jennifer, Tina observed that Trisha and Julie were both busy doing
their
jobs.  The men who were next in line were standing before the kneeling
girls, and the girls were giving them the best blow jobs they could
manage.  On her right, Trisha was holding the man's cock with one hand
while massaging his balls with her other.  The 8 year old had to kneel
up
straight to get her mouth up level with the man's crotch.  Tina could
see
Tina's tongue lapping around the head of the fat penis each time
Trisha
moved her head back.  Then Trisha would push the fat log into her
mouth
and suck hard on the head.  Tina watched for a second and realized
that
there were skills in giving blow jobs that she had yet to learn.
Turning
the other direction she saw that Julie was having a rougher time of
it.
The man in front of her had grabbed her brown shoulder length hair in
back
of her head as was savagely pistoning his erection in and out of
Julie's
mouth.  No skill here.  The man was simply using Julie's mouth to
masturbate with until he could get his turn at her younger sister,
Jennifer.  

        After a minute, the man in front of Tina grunted and he too
shot a
load of goo into the immature child's face.  He stood up and moved
aside
and the savage man took his place.  "Open up little whore! I gonna
feed
you good!", he said as he slowly pushed his erection into Jennifer's
mouth.  In contrast to the way he'd treated Julie, the man slowly
pushed his
hard cock down into Jennifer's throat.  Never increasing his speed or
thrusting it home, he just kept slowly pushing inch after inch into
the
restrained, 9 year old's mouth.  Tina couldn't see it, but everyone
else
watched as a visible bulge started at the top of the small girl's
throat
and sank lower toward her flat chest and belly.  When his pubic
bone butted against Jennifer's lower teeth he let out a sigh,
"Ahhhhhoooww
Fuck, that's a tight little throat you got, whore.   Swallow.. go
ahead..
swallow my dick you kiddie whore!"  He didn't move.  He didn't flinch.
He
didn't do anything, and soon Jennifer was starting to gag.  Jennifer
who
had been sucking cocks for some time had learned how to breath on the
out
stroke, but since this man wasn't pulling out, her breathing was all
messed up and her gag reflex kicked in. 

        "MMMMMMMmmmpf.. MMmmmmmpf..", was the only sound escaping from
the
9 year old as her throat clenched to expel the invader.  "OH YEAH..
LITTLE WHORE!  That's nice!  My little kiddie whore wants to be FUCKED
HARD, HUH?  Okay, you little bitch... I'll fuck you.  I'll fuck you
good
and HARD!"  And so he did.  Collapsing forward on the tiny girl, the
man
held his face above her hairless mound, forcing Betty out of the way.
His
hands went back to grip Jennifer under each arm pit.  His weight was
completely on the 4th grader as his hips began to slam fuck the child
in
the mouth.

        To Tina the sight of the man's muscled ass grinding up and
down on
her young friend was a turnon.  Without even realizing it, her free
hand
wandered down to the hairless cleft between her thighs and began to
tease
her small round clitoris.  Her other hand reached out and stroked the
clenched testicles that flopped up and down over Jennifer's stuffed
face.
Without thinking, Tina ran her hand upward to the base of the man's
balls
and beyond til the tips of her fingers ran over the man's anus.  "Oh,
yeah, little girlie.. Play with my ass while I face fuck you're little
whore friend.", said the man.  Tina was hypnotized and let the tips of
her
fingers wander back and forth along the crack of his ass, knowing that
the
man was enjoying it; watching his brown anal opening clench when her
fingers brushed over the sensitive hole.  

        "Why don't you kiss my ass, sweet cakes?  Bend on down and
rime my
asshole.. Come on.. Lick my ass you little teasing bitch!"  All at
once, 2
of the men came to stand on either side of Tina.  They each gripped
one of
her arms and quickly bent her forward, pushing her face between the
humping ass cheeks before her.  One man put his hand on the back of
Tina's
head and pushed down until her face was in solid contact with the
bucking
butt.  "Lick me, bitch!", she heard the man say.  "Go on.. It's not so
bad.  Lick his asshole.", one of the men beside her whispered in her
ear.
Tina was not sure what to do.  Her nose was closed because it was in
contact with the skin of the man's ass.  She was going to have to open
her
mouth to breath eventually.  She'd never kissed a man's ass before,
though
she'd seen little Betty doing it earlier in the day and everyone in
the
room had seemed to accept it.  'Try anything once...', she thought as
she
opened her mouth and let her tongue stroke the opening of the man's
ass.
It didn't taste bad, the man was clean; it was sorta pungent, but not
in a
bad way.  Mostly sweat, she figured, and so she began to lick up and
down
in the crack of the man's ass.  

        "Oh YEAH!  Oh, man, you're a little whore too, huh baby.
Yeah..
Lick my ass, girlie.  Nothing better 'n having your ass licked by a
little
kiddie whore!  Uh.. Your gonna make me cum, bitch.  Your gonna make me
fill your little girl friend with cum, bitch. You want that?  You want
me
to cum in the birthday girl for you?"

        Tina didn't know if she liked being called a "whore" by the
man.
She'd heard the word before and it had always been meant as a bad
word,
something that you didn't want to be called, though the exact
definition
had never been given to her.  She didn't know what it meant, but she
could
tell by the tone of the man's voice, the sound of his breathing, and
the
pace of his humping that he was getting turned on by what she was
doing,
and that's all that mattered at the moment.  The feel of his ass
against
her tongue was strange.  She could feel his rectum clenching when her
tongue ran over it.  It was strange to say the least, and kind of
exciting.

        The two men on either side of Tina had released her when they
realized that the 11 year old, pre-teen didn't need to be held down to
give their friend a rim job.  Jim Phillips, watching from the side,
was as
surprised as the two men.  It usually took him some time to get a new
pre-pubescent girl to lick a man's ass without all sorts of protests
and
squeamish behavior.  One or two had to be really forced into it.  But
Tina
seemed to take to it, no problem.  Once again, he marveled at the
ability
of this innocent 6th grader to accept almost any kind of sexual
activity,
and even get turned on by it.  He watched as she rested one arm on top
of
the humping man's ass, just above her forehead, and her other free
hand
once again found it's way between her legs to rub her bald gash.  Tina
was
going to be very valuable to Jim Phillips in the future, not only as a
sweet little sex object in her own right, but as a lure for some of
the
other little girls that Jim had an eye on, but hadn't yet figured out
how
to approach.

        With a tight 9 year old throat wrapped around his hard cock,
and
an 11 year old slut willingly licking his ass, the savage man didn't
couldn't last long.  His chest jerked up off of Jennifer's belly and
he
bellowed as the first flood of sperm gushed from his heavy balls into
the
little girl below him.
"YYYEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHRRRRGGGHH",
he yelled as load after load of his white hot cream shot into
Jennifer.
Tina felt his ass cheeks clench as if they were trying to grab her
face as
he bucked downward with each shot of his semen.  His rectum shrank
inward
with each pump, and at one point, Tina could swear she felt his balls
clenching against her chin as another gush of sperm went into her
young
friend.  Jerking and twisting, the man filled the 4th grader with his
cum,
humping until there was nothing left and he finally collapsed forward
onto the slender little girl.  His friends had to help him off when
they
realized and once again Jennifer was starting to choke on his
erection.
They lifted their buddy off the little brown haired girl and let her
breath and cough for a minute by way of recovery.  Then, with military
precision, the next man in line knelt down before the restrained
little
girl and fed her her next erection to suck.  

        Having done it once, all the men after the savage man, wanted
little Tina to lick their assholes while they had their cocks sucked
by 9
year old Jennifer.  Having done it once, Tina saw no way to object and
obediently bent forward to place her pink tongue against the brown
rear
openings.   She found it interesting that each man's asshole would
clench
so hard as he came.  By putting her tongue right on the rectal opening
when the man came, she could tell how strong the orgasm was.  It was
all
so strange because it was her first time; it was almost a dream.  Ass
after ass knelt down in front of her.  Man after man asked her to lick
him.  One after the other they all bellowed and yelled and shuddered
and
humped as they came.  

        One after another, 9 naked man came forward to kneel in front
of
the 9 year old birthday girl, presenting erections of all sizes to her
mouth.  One after another 9 men pushed their throbbing hard-ons deep
into
the willing mouth of the small, brown haired pre-teen girl.  One after
another 9 men man stroked his penis into her pre-pubescent throat
until,
one after another, they made the tiny 4th grader swallow their pulsing
loads of hot semen.  Julie and Trisha each tasted those cocks before
they
were pushed up into young Jennifer, but each man saved his boiling
semen
until it could be spurted deep into the restrained 9 year old's
throat.  

        Jennifer was totally worn out after the last man pulled his
dripping penis from her mouth.  Her face, covered in sweat, saliva and
semen, was a shiny mess.  Her hair, which some of the men had used as
a
rag to wipe off their dicks, was sticky and sweat soaked.  Even when
the
men on either side let go of her hands, they lay there, palms down on
the
floor, the 9 year old girl being too exhausted to raise them.  Her
father,
John, came over and helped the naked, cum covered, girl child to a
sitting
position on the foot stool.  The small child leaned her slender naked
body
against her father's muscular form, enfolded in his large arms.  For a
while they sat like that, naked man and little girl, not moving, just
allowing the Jennifer to catch her breath after having swallowed 9
large
loads of hot male cum.  Everyone else in the room seemed to be
exhausted
too, and they all flopped down on the rug or the various peices of
furniture in the room.  Everywhere Tina looked there were naked men,
some
of who's cocks still glistened with Jennifer's saliva, laying about
relaxing.  

        Breaking the relaxed state of the room, Jim Phillips got up
and
said, "Well, guys.  I want to thank you all for coming over and giving
Jennifer her special birthday present.  Believe me, next time there's
a
birthday, you guys will be the first to know."

        "Hey, man. You're welcome!"  "My pleasure.. and I really mean
that!"  "Any time, Jim."  The group of men stirred themselves and each
wandered down to the den where all their clothes had been stored while
the
kids played in the back yard.  While some got dressed, others
socialized
with Cathy, Evelyn, Jim and the other adults in the room.  Each of
them
wandered over to where little Jennifer sat in her Daddy's lap and
wished
her a happy birthday.  Jennifer, having recovered some energy, smiled
at
each man and thanked him for coming.  A couple of the man even thanked
Tina for the way she had licked their assholes while they humped
Jennifer's face.  Tina, a little embarassed, muttered 'Your welcomes'
to
each of them.  The men left pretty much as a group, and once again the
room was left to the 5 naked little girls and 7 adults.  

        "So, everyone... How was that for a birthday party?"

        "I had a great time!", enthused Howard.

        "Best ever.", said Tom.

        "I hope we have a party like this on MY birthday!", piped
little
Betty, walking over to where Howard sat and climbing into his lap to
fondle his limp cock.

        Other signs of approval came from the group, and Jim said,
"Well,
I'm really glad you all enjoyed it, but there comes a time when all
good
things must come to an end, and frankly, I'm all fucked OUT!  Huh!?"


        "Yeah.. me too!"  "I sure am"  

        "Hey!  I'm not!  I sure would like to stick my dick in some
cute
little girl, hey!", said Howard, giving Betty a big hug and bouncing
the
naked 6 year old on his knee.  Betty smiled back at Howard, knowing
that
he wanted to fuck her skinny body, and please that he was so attracted
to
her.  

        "No way, mister!", said Cathy in a mildly reproving tone.
"You've
had your quota of little 6 years on your dick today.  This little girl
is
going home with me!"  A few of the people in the room chuckled at the
big
look of disappointment that Howard put on, even though he broke out
into a
grin immediately after.  He gave Betty a final hug as the little girl
clambered off his lap, leaving him with an erection that waved in the
air.
"Anyone else want to come home with old Howard?  Hum?", he asked, in a
mock beggin tone.

        "Trisha can go with you, if that's okay with her?", said Dave,
Trisha's father.  "What do you say, Trish?  Wanna go spend the night
with
Howard and help him with is little problem?"

        "LITTLE!"

        "Sure, Daddy.", said the cute blond 8 year old.  "I can help
him
out with his 'LITTLE' problem!"

        "Hey!  This ain't no LITTLE problem from where I sit!"
Everyone
in the room was laughing by now at the pun's being used on Howard.
Howard
too, chuckled at his own expense, but was please to know that he would
have a nice young 8 year old companion for the night.  He would enjoy
fucking and sucking the small, blond several times that night and in
the
morning too, before he had to bring her back to her father.  Howard
and
Dave had shared Dave's daughter before, and so this wasn't a new
arrangement.  As payment, Howard would always bring Dave in on a new
conquest that he made on his own.  Howard's conquests were invariably
very
young and very innocent, and there was nothing Dave loved more than
joining Howard in a young girls first double fucking session. 

        Having settled that, everyone began to get back into their
clothes, and group by group they drifted toward the front door.  Dave
and
Tom left together, Dave saying good by to Trisha who left holding
hands
with Howard.  Cathy took Betty out to the car and the little girl
waved as
they drove off.  John and Evelyn said their goodbyes, with Evelyn
telling
Tina that she enjoyed meeting her.  Jennifer and Julie re-stated their
invitation for Tina to come over to their house after school some time
since they only lived 2 blocks away.  Tina said that she would be glad
to
come over and promised to do so after she checked with her mother.
Once
they left, Jim Phillips and Tina were left alone.  Jim closed the
front
door and turned to Tina saying, "Well, what did you think of the
party,
huh?  A little different from any of the others you've been too, I'll
bet!"

        "Yeah.", said Tina.  "It was kinda neat!"

        "I'm glad you liked it, Tina.  You're a very sexy girl, and I
kinda thought you'd enjoy our little get together.  You sure seemed to
like licking those guys assholes.  Tell me, what did you think of
that?
Did you like it?"

        Tina was a little embarassed, talking about it seemed harder
than
doing it had.  "uh.. well.  It was kinda, you know.. weird at first,
but
it didn't, like.. taste bad or anything.  So I just kinda did it
because
they said it felt good."

        "That's what it's all about, sweetheart.  Feeling good!  Hey,
it's
about time I got you home."

        "I guess, though my Mom probably won't be home for another
couple
of hours."

        "Well, I have to clean up, and then there are some errands I
have
to run this evening, otherwise I'd just as soon stay here with you and
fuck some more, though I was telling the truth about being pretty much
worn out."

        "I'm kinda sore down there too.", said Tina.

        "Well, I guess that settles that.  You be sure to come back
here
in a few days, say.. Tuesday after school, then we can have another
little
party of our own, just the two of us, sound okay?"

        "Okay!", answered Tina brightly.  

        "Here, let's wrap up some of this left over cake for you to
take
with you, then I'll drive you home."

        "You don't have to do that.", said Tina, "I can walk."

        "No, honey, I want to.  It's no problem."

        With that, Jim Phillips led Tina out to his car, making sure
that
she buckled up, even though it was only a block down to her house.  He
drove her down the block to her house, stopping in front and getting
out
to open her door.  Tina had never been treated so well, and it made
her
feel special.  She jumped out of the car and turned to say her thanks
to
Mr. Phillips when she heard a voice call out from across the yard.

        "Hey, Tina.. How was the party?"

        Tina's little sister's came running across the yard from where
they had been playing to greet their older sibling.  Both little girls
had
light blond hair, like Tina, though Lisa's was longer and had bouncy
curls.  Both 9 year old Mary and 7 year old Lisa came panting up to
Tina,
asking how the party was.  Tina gave them a disparaging look, not
wanting
her few minutes alone with Jim Phillips interrupted by her bratty
sisters.
"It was fun."

        "Hey, what's this!"

        "Oh, that's just some left over birthday cake we had.", said
Jim
Phillips, handing the foil wrapped package to Tina.

        "Hey, can I have some?", asked little Lisa.

        "Oh, I think there's enough to share, don't you, Tina?  I
think it
would be nice if you gave some to your little sister's.  It's
chocolate
with a special sauce I think you'll really like", he said, winking at
Tina.  

        Tina caught Jim Phillips wink and almost giggled with their
shared
secret about the special sauce on the cake.  "Uh.. Sure.. we'll all
have
some after we get inside."

        "Tina, why don't you introduce me to your pretty little
sisters?",
he asked.

        "Uh. oh, yeah.  This is Mary and this is Lisa, she's the
youngest."

        "Hi, girls, I'm Jim Phillips, it's so nice to meet such pretty
little girls!  I guess good looks just run in this family!  Say, Mary,
how
old are you?"

        "I'm 9.  I'm gonna be 10 in 3 months."

        "That's nice, and how about you, Lisa.  How old are you?"

        "Seven.  You live up the street, right?", asked the pert
little
2nd grader.

        "Uh huh, I sure do, how did you know?"

        "Oh, I've cut through your yard to get to the park sometimes.
I
like to play in the creek."

        "She's a Tomboooyyy!", taunted Mary.

        "I AM NOT A TOM BOY!", shouted Lisa, the response coming back
instantly because this was an old and well used taunt by both her
older
sisters.  

        "Hey.. Hey.. Such a pretty little girl can't possibly be
tomboy?
Besides, the creeks a fun place to play for everyone, doesn't matter
if
you're a boy or a girl.  Mary, you shouldn't make fun of your little
sister that way, you know."  Jim Phillips mild rebuke was made milder
by
the fact that he grinned while he said it, and gave Lisa a small wink
when
he met her eyes.  "And you know, Lisa, you shouldn't be cutting
through
peoples yards without their permission.  That could lead to all sorts
of
problems.", and this time he gave a hidden wink to Tina, who KNEW what
cutting through Mr. Phillips yard could lead to.  "Next time you want
to
cut through my yard to go to the park, just knock on my door and I'll
be
sure to give you special permission!  Okay?"

        "uh.. Okay?  I'm sorry."

        "Hey, sweetheart, no harm done.  I just want to get to know
the
kids that use my yard so I can keep an eye on things.  It's really not
a
problem."  Jim Phillips was turning on the charm again for these
little
lovelies that stood before him in their dingy play clothes.  His minds
eye
had already stripped young Lisa and Mary bare, and was imagining both
little girls sucking on his huge erection and having his hard pole
slip
between their tender pink nether lips.  Already he was planning how he
would seduce each of the tiny pre-teens, and how he could use Tina to
help
turn these little girls into his willing sex slaves.  He thought how
especially nice it would be to film some scenes with 7 year old Lisa
because little girls with long blond curls always seemed to turn on
his
buyer in Amsterdam.  Something about blond curls on a small girl being
fucked by grown man three times her size and weight really sent the
price
of a video up in that market.  And Lisa with her wide eyed innocent
look
was going to be particularly fun to use.  His dick began to stir just
picturing her small face lying on a bed looking up at him with tears
in
her eyes as he pushed his fat cock deep into her virgin interior; how
she
would sound as her broke her tiny hymen and gave her the first fuck of
her
life.  

        "Now you kids go on inside and share that cake, I have to go.
Remember, Tina.. Tuesday."

        "I'll remember.", she answered as Jim walked back to his car,
got
in a drove off.

        "What's Tuesday?", asked Mary.

        "Nothin.  You guys want some of this.", she asked, holding out
the
package.

        "Yeah", they both said in unison.  All three girls ran into
the
house where Tina doled out the cake on 3 paper plates.  "You know
you're
gonna ruin you dinner", said Janice, their baby-sitter, but she made
no
move to stop the young girls as they each ate a slice of the chocolate
cake with the semen sauce still on it.  

        "What's this stuff?", asked Lisa, looking the white cream that
clung to the icing on the cake.

        "It's a special sauce that the guys ..uh .. made at the party.
Go
ahead and eat it.  It's good for you."

        "Taste's okay, I guess.  It's not very sweet, I woulda thought
they'd put sweet stuff on a cake.", commented Mary.

        "It's mostly decoration.", said Tina, who chuckled inwardly
with
the secret knowledge of what her two younger sister were really
eating.  

        "Well, I kinda like it.", said Lisa.



From ddaily@digiforest.com Fri Sep 13 12:35:43 1996
Path: azea.digiforest.com!cam-news-feed1.bbnplanet.com!delphi.com!news-feed.iguide.com!imci2!pull-feed.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news.compuserve.com!ix.netcom.com!news
From: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.incest
Subject: REPOST-  TYO:  Tina - Younger/Older - 10  (Mf, pedo, incest)
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 1996 22:49:36 GMT
Organization: Rosa Lopez Inc ( RLI Industries)
Lines: 1047
Message-ID: <517fqg$s9p@sjx-ixn6.ix.netcom.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dfw-tx17-19.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Wed Sep 11  3:52:00 PM PDT 1996
X-Newsreader: Mr Double Agent        
Xref: azea.digiforest.com alt.sex.stories:1446 alt.sex.incest:601

Archive-name: Young/tina10.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Tina - Younger/Older - 10



****************************************
DOUBLE DISCLAIMER:
I did not write this story.
I don't know who the author is.
****************************************



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

WARNING ... This story contains graphic descriptions of sex among
pre-teen children and between adults and pre-teen children.  If you
find this offensive stop reading now.
 
This story is entirely fictional and any similarity between persons
and events depicted in it and actual persons and events is purely
coincidental.  The story is pure fantasy and none of the events
described herein are practiced, advocated or condoned by the author.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::










==============================================================================

  Chapter 5 - The Mary Learns A Lesson

==============================================================================

        That night, Tina fell asleep immediately, exhausted from her
days
sexual adventure.  But by Sunday night, Tina was beginning to feel
horny
again, and couldn't resist reaching down between her parted legs and
her
pulled up nighty and starting to rub the small pink button of her
clitoris.  Her rubbing got faster and harder, and her breathing began
to
come in short pants.  She almost moaned, but stopped herself because
she
didn't want to wake her 9 year old sister Mary just across the room.
Her
small hairless pussy began to lubricate and she dipped her finger down
into her inner lips to get some of the moisture there to rub over her
no
enlarged clit.  It was coming to her.. coming.. it was going to be
strong.. strong...  STRONG.... "MMMMMMPPPPPPhhhhhffffff.. Mmm
Mmmm...oh..
oh.."

        "Tina?!  Are you okay?", came a small voice from across the
room.

        Tina was still convulsing with her orgasm when she heard her
sister's question.  She tried to stop cumming long enough to answer,
but
her reply came out as, "'Ts oKAY.. I'm .. uh.. Okay..  uhhhh"

        In an instant, Mary was out of her bed and across the room.
Tina's voice sounded so strange that she thought something was really
wrong and she had to come help her big sister.  She leaned over Tina's
bed
in the dark and put a hand out.  Her hand landed on Tina's heaving
belly,
and Mary got even more frightened.  Little Mary had been in a class
one
day when one of the other kids had had an epileptic seizure.  The boy
had
fallen on the floor and convulsed violently for a few seconds before
the
teacher had come over and told the class to back away for a minute.
The
seizure hadn't lasted long, and afterward the teacher had taken a long
time to explain all about epilepsy and just what a seizure was, and
that
it was nothing to be afraid of, but Mary had still been very scared.
And
now her big sister was laying here, seemingly in convulsions of her
own.

        "I'll get Mom!"

        "NO!", Tina snapped out of her orgasm at the thought of her
sister
bring her mother into the room.  "No!", she said much quieter, "I'm
okay.
Honest!  Mom doesn't have to know."

        "Know what?  Tina are you okay?", her 9 year old sister asked
again, genuinely concerned.

        Tina was touched by the concern of her sister, but also afraid
that her sister would tell their mother what happened.  She decided
that
honesty was the best policy.  "Honest, I'm okay.  I was just.. Well, I
was
doing something and.. It's kinda hard to explain.", she ended weakly.

        "What's hard to explain?  I've heard you a couple of times in
the
last week or so at night.  At first I thought you were crying or
something
and I didn't know what to do.  Then I thought maybe you were in pain
or
something, but you always seemed ok in the morning.. not sick or
nothing."
Then suddenly a horrible thought popped into the Mary's mind.  "You're
not
..... well, gonna have a baby, are you?"

        "NO!  God, Mary, you don't have a baby in 2 weeks!  No I'm not
pregnant or sick or anything."

        "So what were you doing and why were you shaking like that?"

        Tina decided she had to bite the bullet and confess, at least
part
way, "I was doing something that feels real nice, in fact it feels so
nice
that sometimes I can't help it that I make noise or shake."

        "What?"

        "I was rubbing my cunny in a special way."

        "Your cunny?", asked Mary in a disbelieving question.  Like
Tina,
9 year old Mary had been taught that her "cunny" was an area of her
body
that was off limits for answers to any questions, and even off limits
to
questions.  She'd come to think of it as kinda dirty, and so couldn't
understand why her sister would want to rub it.

        "Yeah.  When you rub it a special way it feels really good!"

        "How?"

        "Well, you sorta take your finger and rub it near the top...
there's a spot there that sorta sticks up.. well, you rub it like up
and
down and it feels good."

        "You're lying to me.  Are you sure you're not sick or nothing,
cause you gotta tell Mom or something..."

        "I'm not sick!", Tina interrupted.  She didn't want her sister
telling their mother about Tina's discovery of masturbation.  There
was
only one way to make Mary believe.  "Here.. look, I'll show you.  Get
up
here on the bed with me."  Though it was night, the room was not dark.
The girls had always slept with night lights, and the combination of
the
streetlight outside and the full moon cast light in both the windows
of the
room.  Mary climbed up on the bed, and Tina put one of her legs on
each
side of the 9 year old girl.  Then she hiked her nightdress up
revealing
her spread, bald cleft to her little sisters skeptical gaze.  Mary had
seen her sister naked before, but never with her privates to brazenly
displayed; she felt a little embarrassed.  

        "Okay.. look.. right here...", said Tina putting two fingers
on
her hairless labia and spreading them for her younger sister.  "See
the
bump at the top.  That's called your clit.  When you rub it, it feels
really good."  Being spread before her sister's gaze became a turn-on
for
Tina and she began to stroke her hard clit while her younger sister
looked
on.  "It really does feel good."

        Mary watched as Tina began to masturbate before her.  Not
knowing
what to say or how to respond she simply watched, flabbergasted, as
Tina's
hand began to stroke faster and faster, sawing in and out of her bald
slit.  Mary could see Tina's vagina beginning to glisten with young
pre-teen sex juice.  Tina's breathing became ragged; the orgasm which
had
so abruptly been cut short before was rapidly coming back.  It was
obvious
to Mary that Tina had been telling the truth about rubbing her cunny
being the source of the noise, but to Mary, Tina's heavy breathing and
uncontrolled twitching didn't look like it felt good.  But then, if it
didn't feel good, why didn't she just stop.  Mary was confused.  A
second
later, Mary was surprised as Tina arched her back, suppressing a moan.
Her
legs on either side of Mary lifted, bending at the knees, shaking.
Her
stomach muscles when taught.  Her hand flew in and out of her cunny as
slowly, the moaning died down, and her older sister's legs flopped
down on
the bed.  

        "Are you okay?", asked Mary.

        "...(pant)..Yeah.. I told you....(pant).. I'm okay.  That was
great!", then the thought occurred to her, "You should try it!"

        "Me?"

        "Yeah... You really gotta try it....  You can't know what it
feels
like til you do."

        "I don't know."

        "Come on.. What can it hurt?  Here.. Lay down.." Tina was up
and
next to her sister, urging her to lay back.  Mary did as directed, and
soon, her older sister had her on her back with her nightdress hiked
up to
her small waist, and was tugging her light blue colored cotton panties
off
her small hips.  Mary lay there embarrassed by her sister's attention
to
her privates and squeaked when she felt her sister's hand touch the
smooth
bulge of her mons and slip down into her narrow slit, probing her 9
year
old virgin cunny.  "Spread your legs a little, Mary.  Come on.  I
gotta
show you or you won't believe me!"  Tina had reached down with her
other
hand and pushed on the inside of Mary's thigh, spreading the little
girls
slender legs just enough so that she could dip a finger in to her
small
cunt and rub her sister's small pink clit.

        The instant Tina's probing finger found Mary's small clit, a
shock
of electricity went through the 9 year old girl.  A few stabs from
Tina's
finger, and Mary was jolted from her silence, "STOP!", she said.

        "What?  Did you feel it?  It feels good, right?", asked Tina.

        "It.. It's weird.", said Mary, not really know how to
characterize
the feeling from her clit.  Tina had stopped rubbing when little Mary
had
said 'Stop', but her hand remained touching the 4th graders small
hairless
cunt.  Mary's whole pussy tingled from the touch of Tina's hand.  

        "Just let me show you how to rub it, and you'll see.  It feels
great!", and with that the 11 year began to masturbate her little
sister
in earnest.  Tina had found Mary's small clit, and now she tortured it
up
and down with the middle finger of her hand, while holding the little
girls legs apart with her other hand.

        Mary was again electrified by the sensations emanating from
her
tiny clit.  Her smooth flat belly spasmed uncontrollably each time
Tina's
finger stroked upward on her cunny.  It felt really strange, but at
the
same time, she didn't really want it to stop.  Her small buttocks
clenched
with the tension building in her lower body, and without knowing it,
she
spread her legs more so that her older sister could have better access
to
her virginal opening.  

        Tina was fascinated by her sister's reaction to her constantly
moving finger.  She'd never touched another girl before, and it was
interesting to see that she could make her little sister react just by
touching her.  She was kneeling over Mary's small body, her finger
stroking the 9 year old's clit at a rapid pace.  She noted how Mary's
but
had clenched and how her slender legs had spread.  She even noticed
that
Mary's small cunt was beginning to get a little wet with excitement.
She
bent down to have a closer look as she continued to masturbate her
pre-teen sibling.  It was her first really close-up look at another
girl's
cunt, and she got close enough to smell the sweet aroma of Mary's
small,
virgin opening.


        When Mary felt Tina's breath striking her hairless cunny lips
and
her hair touching her small, flat, naked belly, the slow buildup of
tension in her loins suddenly began a rapid boil.  Not knowing what to
expect, Mary was suddenly scared and expectant at the same time.
"Tina..
It feels..   strange..  uh.. Tina.. I feel like.. like I'm gonna..
pee..
or sumthin.. uh.. "  Mary was breathing harder now, and she didn't
know
what was going to happen.  Tina didn't help her when she said, "Cum
for
me, Mary.  I wanna see you cum."  Mary didn't understand what Tina
meant.
Where was she supposed to come to?  What was gonna happen?  "Tina..
Tina..
I.. uh  I... It.. What?.... AHHhhhhh", and suddenly it didn't matter
anymore.  Mary's hands flew up to her mouth and her body was suddenly
out
of control.  She felt something jolt her whole body from inside her
private's all the way through the top of her head.  Her eyes rolled up
in
her head and her face became contorted.  Some great beast was jumping
up
and down on her, only it didn't hurt, it felt GREAT!  Each time the
beast
landed another convulsive shock wave ran through her, causing her to
kick
out her little legs and arch her back again and again and again.  It
felt
like it was never going to stop, and she never wanted it to.

        Tina watched closely as she brought her little sister to her
first
ever orgasm.  She particularly watched Mary's tiny cunt as she saw and
felt the opening to her virgin depths contract and pulse with each
wave of
the little girl's orgasm.  Now Tina suddenly understood why Jim
Phillips
liked it so much when she came on his cock; because a little girls
cunt
would literally suck a man's cock during orgasm.  Tina also noted how
little Mary's body shook, just like hers, and how her younger sister
also
had trouble stifling her moans of pleasure.  'No wonder she heard me
coming if that's what I sound like.', she thought to herself.  She
continued to massage her 9 year old sister's clit until she felt
Mary's
body go limp.  Then she turned to the girl and said, "Well, that's
what I
mean by it feels good.  Get it?"  

        Mary could barely recover enough to respond, "uh huh..."
After a
few seconds of deep breathing she said, "That felt really good.  You
were
right."  

        "Told you."

        After a few more seconds, Mary said, "I guess I don't need to
tell
Mom after all, huh?" At this, Mary giggled, and Tina giggled with her.
Tina lay down next to her sister, both girls with their night skirts
up at
their waist, and relaxed for a while.  After about 5 minutes with no
words
exchanged, Mary asked, "Will you do it to me again?"

        "No.", replied Tina.

        "Why not?", asked the 9 year old, suddenly hurt.

        "I won't do it to you, but we can do it to each other!",
offered Tina.

        "Huh?  How?", asked Mary.

        "Here.. I'll lay with my head at toward your feet and then..."

        Tina got into position, and the girls spent the next 5 minutes
masturbating each others hairless cunts.  Mary came first, but Tina
wasn't
far behind her little sister.  Both little girls rubbed each other to
orgasm again and again that night.  Finally, exhausted, Mary crawled
back
to her own bed just before dawn of the next day.

        It being a school day the next day, both girls had a hard time
making it out of bed a 2 hours later, and getting ready to go to
school.
The day seemed to drag on endlessly for both of them, though for Mary,
the
thought of going to bed now included something else; the thought of
masturbating with her sister and getting that great feeling again.
Sister
Julia noticed how tired Mary seemed and asked the 4th grader if she
was
sick.  Mary replied that she wasn't, "Just tired, I guess.", but
nothing
else was said to her that implied that anyone else knew her new found
pleasure.  The 9 year old had been a little worried that it somehow
showed
on her face, but this worry quickly evaporated.  

        That evening the two girls ate a listless dinner and both
wanted
to go to bed earlier than usual.  This set well with their parents
because
it just meant that they were out of their hair for the evening.  So
shortly after the 7 year-old Lisa was sent to bed, Mary and Tina went
up
to their room and changed into their night dresses.  This night,
neither
girl wore panties underneath, and both could hardly wait until their
parent got done with their nightly good-night kisses.  

        Livvy came up and gave each girl a perfunctory good night
kiss,
breezing in and out in her usual style.  But when their father came in
he
noticed the discarded panties on the floor and something in him
stirred a
little bit.  He sat on each girls bed and gave them both a big kiss,
resting his hands on each girls waist as he did and wrestling
internally
with the images his mind was offering.  He walked out of the room,
with a
last look back, and went off to the room he shared with his wife,
still
bothered as to why he would suddenly think of his own kids in that
way.

        After waiting a while, Mary came over to Tina's bed.  Tina,
who
had started to fall asleep was surprised when a small body slipped
into
her bed and said, "Do you wanna do it again?"

        "Huh.. Oh, yeah.  I musta started to fall asleep.  Sure, we
can do
it again, but... not all night.  I almost got detention today for
falling
asleep in Sister June's history class!"  And so, once again, the 2
little
girls began to fondle each other's open, hairless cunts.  After a
while,
Tina told Mary to lay still while she tried something.  

        "What?", asked Mary as her older sister parted her skinny legs
and
 moved down between them.

        "You'll see.", said Tina mysteriously as she positioned
herself
between her 9 year  old sister's spread legs and lowered her mouth to
the smooth pink lips of her cunt.  It was the first time Tina had ever
tried licking the pussy of another girl, and she wasn't to sure what
to
do.  She began by running her tongue up and down in her sister's
smooth
slit. 

        "TINA!", her sister almost shouted between clenched teeth.

        "Shhhhhh! Do you want Mom 'n Dad to hear us?"

        "Sorry.. What are you doing?", Mary asked again in a whisper.


        "Doesn't it feel good?"

        "Well.. yeah, I guess, but.. You're not supposed to do that
with
your mouth!"

        "Says who?"

        That stumped little Mary.  "uhhhh .. I don't know."

        "That's right, you don't know.  Just relax for a minute and
it'll
feel really good.  Lay down...", and she put her hand on her sisters
flat
chest and pushed her back down on the bed.  

        Mary didn't know what to think as her older sister began to
probe
her narrow slit once more with her tongue.  It didn't seem right.
That's
where pee comes out, for heavens sake.  But it sure felt nice.  In
fact it
was feeling better by the minute.  When Tina began to concentrate on
Mary's clit, moving her head from side to side as her tongue whipped
the
small protuberance, Mary decided that it felt great, and had to pull a
pillow over her face when she began to cum for fear of screaming load
enough to cause their parents to investigate.  

        For her part, Tina could tell right away that she was "doing
it
right".  Her little sister's hips began to buck up into Tina's face,
and
when Mary came, Tina could feel the strong contractions of her 9 year
old
pussy sucking at Tina's chin.  The taste of her little sister was not
unpleasant, not as strong as a man's cum.  In fact, Tina thought it
was
kinda nice, and she wondered if that's what she tasted like to Mr.
Phillips.  When her little sister had done cumming, Tina crawled up
her
body and lay down next to her.  

        "Wha'dya think of that?  I told you it would feel good."

        "uhhhhh huh", said Mary, still trying to catch her breath.
This
was amazing.  Her 11 year old sister was opening up a whole new world
for
the 9 year old, and she wondered where Tina had learned it all.

        "We better go to bed, I'm really tired.", said Tina.

        "Okay.", said Mary, re-gaining some of her composure.  "Tina,
can
I ask you something?"

        "Sure. What?"

        "Where did you learn to do that?"

        'Uh Oh', thought Tina to herself.  "I uh.. I just sorta .. uh
..
Made it up!"  Tina couldn't think of anything else to say, and she eve
sounded to herself like she was lying.

        "I don't believe you.  Where'd you learn that?  Is that what
they
teach in those 6th grade health classes?"

        "No, dummy!  Besides, remember Mom 'n Dad wouldn't let me go
to
those classes anyway!"  After saying that, Tina realized she should
have
kept her mouth shut and let her little sister believe that.  'Opps',
she
thought. 

        "Okay, so where?"

        "I can't tell you."

        "Why not?"

        "Cause I promised."

        "Who?"

        "I can't tell you."

        "Aw, Come on, Tina.  I'm your sister!  Can't you tell me?"

        "No."

        "Why not?"

        "Cause it's a secret, and I promised not to tell, that's why!"

        "I never told the secret about who broke the Tiffany lamp, did
I?
Mom 'n Dad still think it was that dumb neighbor dog we let in!
'Member
we both got punished, and I didn't tell or nothing!"

        "I know.", Tina replied feeling guilty.

        "Okay, so why can't you tell me how you found out about this
stuff?"

        "I just can't, and I wish you'd stop asking me, OKAY!  I
can't."

        "Okay, but I don't think that's fair."

        "Well, maybe I'll tell you later, but I gotta check first,
Okay?"

        "Okay."

        Tina felt guilty about not telling her 9 year old sister that
it
was Mr. Phillips up the street that had taught her all about sex.  She
and her sister were very close, and had shared everything.  They'd
never
had secrets from each other before, and it felt bad to have one now.
She
resolved to ask Jim Phillips if she could tell her sister the next day
when she went to see him after school.  Mary had sulked over to her
own
bed, and in a short while, both little girls were fast asleep.
        
        The next day after school, Tina kept her appointment with Jim
Phillips.  As always, it wasn't long before both man and little girl
were
stripped naked.  Jim gave Mary an orgasm by having her sit on his
face.
He then had her suck his cock until he shoot a large load of cum into
her
mouth.  He made sure she swallowed it all, telling her that it was
good
for her, and that it would make her breast grow big.  He never let
Tina
take her mouth off his penis.  Instead, he kept moving her head back
and
forth on his cock until he was rock hard again, and ready for another
cum.


        Today's lesson was how to fuck a man with the girl on top.  He
had
Tina stand over him, and slowly lower her hairless, pink pussy down
onto
his upright cock.  He guided the tip of his cock into the entrance of
her
tight little orifice, and then let her lower herself slowly down onto
his
cock until the pre-teen was stooped down over him with his erection
fully
engulfed by her bald cunt lips.  He had her start bounding up and
down,
her feet on the bed on either side of him, and her hands on his chest
for
balance.  Her warm tight hole milked his hard cock, and her nearly
came
again before stopping her.  He then had the 11 year old stand over him
again, only this time with her small round butt facing him.  Once
again,
he told his 11 year old lover to lower herself down onto his prick.
This
time he made her guide it in, wrapping her small hand around his slimy
throbbing cock and rubbing the large head of his penis against her
cunt
lips until they spread to admit him.  Again, she lowered herself onto
the
man and began to fuck him with her bouncing motions.  

        For his part, Jim Phillips reached down as the little girl
bounced
up and down and began to probe her small anus with his index finger.
He
grabbed some lotion from the head of the bed and lubricated the small
opening and his finger.  He then began to push his finger into the
little
girls tiny anus; first knuckle...  second knuckle.... Deeper.. Deeper.
Tina was beginning to grunt, but hadn't made a single sound of
protest.
She was getting more used to the strange acts that Jim Phillips wanted
to
perform, and his finger was certainly much better than his large cock
being pushed into her bottom, so she didn't complain, though it sure
felt
tight.  Jim began to fondle his own cock inside the girl, feeling his
dick
through the membranes that separated the pre-teen's anal and vaginal
walls.  Shortly thereafter he began to cum, pushing deeper into the 11
year old's ass and cunt, and using his free hand to grab her hips and
pull
the girl down onto his spurting cock.  Tina nearly lost her balance,
but
stayed upright while the man filled her small uterus with his hot load
of
ropy white semen.  When he released her, Tina climbed off, her cunt
dripping juice and cum, and lay down next to her adult lover, with her
head on his chest.

        After laying like that for a while and letting Mr. Phillips
catch
his breath Tina said, "Uhhh Mr. Phillips.. I.... uh.. got a problem."

        "Call me Jim, Tina.  What's the problem?"

        "Well, my sister, Mary and I, we share the same room an all,
and
... well the other day she caught me, you know, masturbating 'n all.
And
she thought I was sick, so she was gonna tell Mom, and I told her not
to,
and she wanted to know what I was doing, and so I showed her, you
know,
just so she wouldn't tell Mom 'n all."  It was all tumbling out of her
at
once.  Tina had been worried about what to say, and so she just let it
all
spill out before she could have second thoughts about asking Jim
Philips.
"So then I show her how to, you know, do it, and we do it with each
other
all night.  Then the next night she asks me where I learn it all, and
I
tell her I can't tell her, and she keeps asking and asking, and I
didn't
tell her or anything, but she kept wanting to know, so finally I told
her
I'd see if it was alright.  I didn't tell her anything, so .. well ..
but
what I wanted to know was.. "

        "What you want to know is if you can tell her about you and
me?"

        "Well, yeah.  She knows how to keep a secret.  We've always
told
each other everything 'n she's never told one of my secrets."

        "Well, Tina.  That may be true, but this is kind of a special
secret, don't you think?  I mean, if this one were to get out, an
awful
lot of people would get hurt, including you, you know."

        "I know.  I just.. I don't know.."

        "I know, sweetheart.  It hurts to keep a secret from your
sister,
especially when your parents are so mean, huh?  It's like you and your
sister are a team in your house, right.  All for one and one for all,
huh!"

        "Yeah, I guess.."

        "I understand.  But, no.  You can't tell your little sister
about
this secret.  However, instead of telling her, you could let her IN on
it,
and then she would have as much reason to keep it as you."

        "What do you mean?  If I tell her, she WOULD be in on it?
Wouldn't she?"

        "No, Tina.  She would know your secret, but she wouldn't be in
on
it.  If she ever did tell, she wouldn't be a part of it, so it
wouldn't
matter if she told or not.  But if she had a part in it then she
probably
would be even better at keeping our little secret.  Get it?"

        "No."

        "It's simple.  If you tell her, she can tell someone else, and
it's no skin off her nose.  She probably would too.  Remember how
shocked
you were just two weeks ago.  She'd be just as shocked.  But, on the
other
hand, if you brought her here, and SHOWED her our secret, then got her
to
do it with us, then she'd have to keep it to herself because she'd be
in
just as much hot water as the rest of us."

        "You mean bring her here and we all have sex together?"

        "That's right.  I'd love to have your little sister; how old
did
you say she was?.. 9 right; sucking my cock while you sat on my face.
Think about it!  You'd have someone you share this with, and your
sister
would have her curiosity satisfied."

        "I don't know..."

        "Hey, don't be jealous.  You were at the party the other day,
right!  None of us in our little group believe in jealousy.  It just
messes things up.  It would be fun to teach your little sister, don't
you
think.  Didn't you already like teaching her how to masturbate?  How'd
you
like to teach her how to suck a cock?  Or how to get fucked?  Admit
it,
you'd love to see that, wouldn't you?"

        "I guess..."

        "Good.  Then why don't we do it then.  You can bring her here
on
Thursday after school, and we can both show her what she wants to
know.
It's a deal?"

        "uh.. Okay.  I'll bring her here after school on Thursday.
Are
you gonna try and fuck her, she's smaller for her age."

        "Tina, you should know by now that I love to fuck small girls.
There ain't nothing better than the look and feel of a large cock
slipping
into some tiny little cunny, all stretched and tight.. ... um um um..
makes
me hard just thinking about it.  Roll over, sweetie.", and Jim
Phillips
rolled Tina over on her stomach, then pulled her up on her hands and
knees
and entered her from behind.  His hand reached around to fondle Tina's
clit while he humped her hard and deep.  Tina soon was in heaven and
cried
out in orgasm.  Feeling her small round butt and tight vagina
clenching,
Jim too began to cum and spurted yet another load of semen into his
pre-teen sex toy.

        As they were gettin dressed, Jim reminded Tina to bring little
Mary with her on Thursday, but not to tell Mary anything before they
got
there.  "I will.", said Tina as she once again left by Jim's back
door.
Watching her skip off in her plaid school skirt, Jim's mind quickly
began
to flash images of what it would be like to fuck a 9 year old virgin
while
her 11 year old sister held her down.  "UM UM UM..", he said out load.
"It's turning out to be a great month!", and he closed the back door
as
Tina skipped out of sight.



--


----------- List of Characters thus far ----------

Jim Phillips
        Producer of Kiddie Porn and seducer of young girls and boys.
He
sells his product in Amsterdam to buyers he meets 3 to 4 times a year.
His
tastes run to pre-teen girls, though he has used young boys now and
again.
He has almost no scruples when it comes to using pre-teen children in
his
movies.  He has never made a snuff film, but he has participated in
kidnapping, torture and rape.  One of his big production films might
sell
for as much as $50,000 while his smaller loops run at least $500 a
epic.
He has no job, other than making and selling child video pornography.

John 
        A muscular man, body builder type who enjoys sex with young
girls.  When he married he made sure to chose a wife who would not
object
to his sexual tastes and who wouldn't mind him having rather brutal
sex
with his own daughter's.  John and Jim have been friends since they
were
teens and raped a 7 year old neighbor girl together, and then shamed
her
into having sex with their friend Howard.

Evelyn 
        John's wife.  Raped by her father at the age of 5, she was
abused
for many years by a series of uncles, and friends of her fathers.  She
came to think of sex between young girls and men as completely normal
and
encourages her husband to engage in sex with their two daughters.

Julie 
        John 10 year old daughter.  Brown hair, shoulder length, brown
eyes.  Has starred in one of Jim Phillips major porn productions and
has
been the subject of many of his short loops.  She does not shy away
from
any type of sexual encounter and has been involved in group sex, anal
sex,
sex with various animals, golden showers, bondage, and S&M, both
giving
and receiving.  

Jennifer 
        John and Evelyn's youngest daughter who just turned 9.  Has
also
been in many of Jim's kiddie porn shorts.  Brown, shoulder length
hair.

Dave
        A friend of Jim Phillips that he met while in Amsterdam during
one
of his early trips.  Originally from the West coast, Dave moved to the
Annapolis area to help Jim in producing Kiddie porn.  

Trisha 
        Dave's 8 year old niece.  She has been in a few of Jim's
kiddie loops starting when she was 6 years old.  She has long blond
hair
that she wears in a pony tail most of the time.  She has not had as
much
experience with sex as Jennifer and Julie because she only gets to
live
with her Uncle Dave when her parents take one of their extended
vacations
in Europe.  

Tom
        Tom meet Jim Phillips via a computer bulletin board.  They
exchanged stories and photo's and eventually met in person in a motel
where Tom brought a young girl he had been having a relationship with
for
several months.  Both men took turns molesting the 12 year old while
the
other ran the video camera.  Tom had a knowledge of video that Jim
lacked,
and so they became quick friends with Tom providing Jim the expert
knowledge he needed to edit his video loops into full-fledged porn.

Howard
        A friend of Jim's in High School, Howard quickly put on weight
after college.  He is a frequent guest on Jim's videos where his large
size contrasts well with the small girls he has sex with.  

Cathy
        Was a friend of Jim's in High School.  She had always wondered
about Jim's proclivities, but was never sure until last year when she
had
moved back to town after an acrimonious divorce.  She had custody of
her
daughter Betty, and had decided to look up her old friend.  She had
noticed the attraction of Jim to her daughter right off, and decided
to
ask him point blank about it.  Jim had lied to her, but Cathy didn't
believe him, so to test him she had him baby-sit with Betty for a few
weekends.  At the end of that time she grilled her daughter and found
out
that he had indeed taught her the art of masturbating men with both
her
small hands.  Far from being disgusted, Cathy found herself turned on
by
the idea and when she next confronted Jim told him of her interests.
Jim
and Cathy then became sometime bed partners with little Betty helping
their lovemaking where ever she could fit in.

Betty
        Cathy's daughter; 6 years old with long golden blond hair. She
had
never seen a naked man until the night she had "caught" Jim Phillips
masturbating over her sleeping form while he was "baby-sitting".  He
had
told her how special it was that a little girl like her could get a
man
all hard, and that it meant she was a very special little girl.  Not
long
after that she was invited to shared her mother's bed with Jim and to
begin appearing in some of his video's.

Tina West
        If you read TYO_01 then you know her story.  Tina is 11 years
old
and attends 6th grade at a local Catholic Elementary school.  She has
light blond hair that is shoulder length.  

Mary West
        Tina's 9 year old sister who becomes more involved in the
story in
the next chapter.

Livina West
        Tina and Mary's mother.  She feels trapped in a dull marriage
to a
man who ignores her.  She fills her life with shopping and trips to
various beauty salons and parlors.  Her dissatisfaction has caused her
to
ignore her children's need for love.  Jim Phillips noticed that the
West
girls where being ignored by their parents and so this made him target
them in the first place.  Livina, or Livvy, is easily charmed and now
has
a definite attraction for Jim Phillips which he will use later to his
advantage. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
From the authors:

        Comments are appreciated.  I'd like to know what you liked,
what
you didn't like, what you want to see more of, and what you want less
of.
If there is anything you would like to see added to the plot, please
let
me know.  Other authors have said it, and I'll say it again here, the
comments of the readers really help to motivate more writing.  If you
like this type of story and want to see more of them then upload a
comment
file to R&E and let the author know!  Reading these and not commenting
means the well could eventually dry up.  To comment on this story
upload a
note with the title as described above to the alt.sex.stories.d.  I
look forward to reading you notes.  I'm sure that your comments are
read
by all the people who write these types of stories, so feedback to one
author is feedback to us all.

        Don't know what to say?  Want to comment but don't have a
clue...
Try this.. Just answer the questions below and send that.  The feed
back
is appreciated...

What age range do you like to see in these stories?

What type of sex do you want to see more of?
        Group           S&M             Rape    Virgins
        Bondage         Golden Showers  Gentle  Animals         Etc.

Is there a type of character you'd like to see?
        Handicapped     Other Races     Rich            Politician
        Foreign         Sadists         Criminal        Police
        Teachers        Doctors         

What type of story turns you on the most?  Use an example from a.s.s.
if you
                                           want.  I'm sure the author
would
                                           like to know.


--- Some plans for the future of the TYO series include...

        - Mary is seduced with her sister's help.
        - Tina gets detention, and her punishment is to satisfy the 
          local Jr. High Football team.
        - Livvy is seduced by Jim Phillips who then turns her on to
sex with
          young boys.  All this leads up to the day when Livvy offers
her 
          youngest daughter, Lisa to Jim to keep her terrible secret.
        - Tina's Dad catches her and Mary in a 69 and begins to punish
the
          2 girls, but winds up being seduced by them.
        - Jim plans a new major film around the entire West family.
        



From ddaily@digiforest.com Fri Sep 13 12:35:52 1996
Path: azea.digiforest.com!cam-news-feed1.bbnplanet.com!delphi.com!news-feed.iguide.com!imci2!pull-feed.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news.sprintlink.net!news-peer.sprintlink.net!news-peer.gsl.net!news.gsl.net!ix.netcom.com!news
From: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.incest
Subject: REPOST-  TYO:  Tina - Younger/Older - 3  (Mf, pedo, incest)
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 1996 22:47:56 GMT
Organization: Rosa Lopez Inc ( RLI Industries)
Lines: 1394
Message-ID: <517fng$s9p@sjx-ixn6.ix.netcom.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dfw-tx17-19.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Wed Sep 11  3:50:24 PM PDT 1996
X-Newsreader: Mr Double Agent        
Xref: azea.digiforest.com alt.sex.stories:1447 alt.sex.incest:602

Archive-name: Young/tina03.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Tina - Younger/Older - 3



****************************************
DOUBLE DISCLAIMER:
I did not write this story.
I don't know who the author is.
****************************************

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

WARNING ... This story contains graphic descriptions of sex among
pre-teen children and between adults and pre-teen children.  If you
find this offensive stop reading now.
 
This story is entirely fictional and any similarity between persons
and events depicted in it and actual persons and events is purely
coincidental.  The story is pure fantasy and none of the events
described herein are practiced, advocated or condoned by the author.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::


        "You don't know it yet, honey, but that's exactly what it
means. Now..
Here's your clit..  Yeah.. right there... Now rub yourself there. I'm
going to
take my hand away and watch you masturbate.. Go on.. It's not dirty or
anything; it just feels good.. That's it... Go on, honey. Jerk that
clit..Ummm
you look nice.."  He was encouraging her, though not much
encouragement was
needed.  As soon as his hand had guided her willing fingers to her own
clit,
she had felt the electric shock of sexual pleasure that she'd been
hoping for
all day.  She didn't need any urging to start rubbing this great new
part of
her body.  Instinct took over and little Tina was masturbating like an
old pro
in seconds. Her body stiffened with pleasure, and her eyes closed to
enjoy the
sensation.  Jim Phillips watched the 11 year old enjoying her new
found skill.
She looked precious lying there in her school uniform, her white
blouse, her
skirt hiked up around her waist; her fingers a blur in her hairless
slit; her
feet hanging off the end of the bed, saddle shoes inches about the
floor.  His
cock quickly got stiff watching the child jerk off.  While she
masturbated, he
unbuttoned his shirt and undid his pants.  The shirt came off easily,
and when
he stood up to take off his pants, the little girl didn't even notice.
She was
too busy looking for that glorious release of the day before.  Jim
Phillips
dropped his underwear on the floor, and stood before the child's
spread legs,
his erect penis pointing at her tiny vagina.  He started to stroke his
long
cock, enjoying the sight of little Tina West getting ready to cum for
him.

        Almost.. Almost... Tina was blind to anything except her
finger flying
over her clit. It was going to happen. She new any second it was going
to
happen.. Almost. Almost.. Alm, "GAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" she
cried out.
Her orgasm had taken her by surprise, slamming into her young body
with the
force of a tidal wave.  "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH",
she screamed, rocked by spasm after spasm of pleasure, wave after wave
of the
greatest feeling she had ever known. "NUHHH NUHHHH NUHHHH NUHHH
NUHHHHH...",
she moaned as the waves became less intense, allowing her time to
breath.  "Nuh
Nuh.. uhh uhh uhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhhh", she sighed as the feeling receded
back to
her vagina, releasing it's hold on her whole body.  "Oh God..", she
said
finally when her voice returned to her.  It took a minute, but when
she looked
up again, Mr. Phillips was standing in front of her stroking his
enormous cock
just inches from her still twitching pussy.  For a second she thought
he meant
to put it in her right then, but when he saw her eyes open, he stopped
stroking
his cock and lay down next to her on the bed.

        "Was it good, honey?" he asked, his penis jerking slightly as
it rested
on her leg.

        "Oh god, it was great.  And I can do it anytime I want?"

        "That's right, precious.  Now you know what your little body
can do to
give you pleasure, you can have it anytime you want."  He'd reached
down and
was massaging her hand into her now soaked little pussy.  His hand
completely
covered hers, and he started to flex his fingers so that her own
fingers slowly
entered her little sex hole. "Do you want the next lesson, Tina..
There's more
about masturbation that you can learn..."

        "Oh YEAH!! I'd love that."

        "Good, baby.  Sit up again and watch the TV some more, believe
me
there's alot more to see."  He reached for the remote and started the
screen up
again.

        The next scene was that of a teenager, maybe 15 or 16,
masturbating
herself using a dildoe.  The dildoe was the kind shaped like a large
cock. She
was rubbing it up and down on her clit, stroking her pussy with the
end of the
rubber club.  Next to her was a young boy, perhaps 15 again, watching
the girl
and stroking his own cock.  The picture froze, "That's how guys do it,
Tina.
That's how a guy masturbates his cock.  By stroking it up and down
like that,
it eventually feels so good that the guy has an orgasm. 'Member when
you
stroked my cock for me yesterday.  That's what you were doing.
Masturbating
me."  The picture unfroze and the action continued in the same vain
for a
while.  Then the girl started to insert the dildoe into her hot, pink
cunt.  At
first she had a time of it, getting her pussy lips spread to
accommodated the
large pseudo-cock, and then her hole was to tight to allow easy
passage, but
eventually she worked it into her pussy and began to glide it in and
out with
one hand while jerking her clit with the other.  Tina turned to Jim,
"I didn't
know you could do that!!"

        Jim froze the picture, "What, honey?"

        "I didn't know you could, you know, put things in there."

        "That's your sex hole, honey, it's where a man puts his cock
when
people make love.  It's where the baby grows inside the women, and
comes out.
It'll stretch alot, sweetheart.  You saw how that girl had to stretch
it to get
the dildoe in there, right?"

        "uhhh, yeah.  What's a dildoe?"

        "A dildoe is any long object that a woman uses instead of a
man's penis
to make herself feel good.  You know how good it feels to masturbate,
well, to
alot of women, it feels even better when a man is inside them, but if
there's
no man around they use a dildoe."

        "oh."

        "Just watch, she really gets turned on by this", and again the
picture
show started.  The young boy in the picture was really jerking his
cock now.  A
few seconds after the motion started he moved and started jerking his
cock over
the filled teenage pussy.  "Watch him cum, now", said Jim.  A few more
strokes
and the boys sperm was pumping out of his cock onto the girls belly
and cunt.
The semen in her light hair soon trickled down to lubricate the
passage of the
dildoe into her pussy.  Having the boy cum on her, seemed to turn her
on all
the more, and she increased the speed at which she jerked her young
cunt.  The
boy, in the mean time, fell to the girls side.  Recovering from his
orgasm, he
reached up and grabbed the dildoe out of her hand.  He started pumping
it into
the teenager, shoving it deeper on each stroke.  "Ohhh God, YEAH!!!
Ohhh God,
Pump me with it...  Ohhh.. Pump me.... Pump me HARD!!!!"  Her hand was
a blur
on her clit.  The other hand was now gripping the bed sheets.  She
lifted her
knees up into the air and spread her legs to let the boy have even
easier
access to her willing cunt.  He kept stroking the rod into her, almost
punching
her pussy into submission.  The girl issued a long moan that climbed
in volume
until it became a scream. "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHH"
Her head
banged back and forth in the air, her eyes were rolled up in their
sockets.
Tina envied her.  "God.. that must feel fantastic... Look at her
scream!!", the
little girl thought.  The girls orgasm took some minutes to subside,
the boy
kept pumping the fake cock into her soaked pussy, but at a much
reduced rate.
"Oh.. Jimmy.. Oh.. God... that was GREAT!!", she said.  With that she
reached
down and took control of the giant dildoe again, easing it's length
out of her
cunt, until it popped free.  She brought it to her mouth to take a
taste of the
combination her love juice and the boys semen that coated the plastic
wang.
The scene ended with the girl closing her eyes and relaxing her head
back, the
dildoe laying on her chest, and her young companion resting his head
on her
belly.

        More scenes followed... again.. like the day before it was a
montage on
a theme, only this time the theme was masturbation in all it's forms.
Jim
Phillips started to unbutton little Tina's blouse as she watched the
scene with
the 12 year old girl jerking off a man laying on his back.  The girl
jerked
with one small hand until the man's cum shot out and struck her in the
mouth.
She then put her small mouth on the organ, and Tina could see the
semen she
couldn't swallow dripping out of her mouth and landing on the man's
belly.  Jim
Phillips helped Tina ease out of her blouse while Tina watched a scene
in which
2 men jerked off 2 young girls.  The men rubbed the barely haired
pussy's until
each girl was moaning and cumming.  Jim Phillips prompted Tina to take
off her
skirt while a scene played in which a very young girl, no more than 8,
masturbated for the camera, and obviously enjoyed it. There were no
other
people in the picture, just the little girl giving small moans as she
rubbed
her hairless pussy.  Tina was getting hot again with the combination
of Mr.
Phillips slowly undressing her, watching all these other people
masturbating to
orgasm, and his hand guiding her own small fingers up and down her
young cunt.
More scenes went by.  Men masturbating women,  Women masturbating men.
People
of all ages masturbating themselves and each other.  There was a brief
scene
where 2 boys lay on a bed and masturbated each other.  One looked a
little
familiar, but his face was not toward the camera, and the scene ended
to
quickly with each boy cumming streams of white semen.  More scenes
went by.
Tina was masturbating herself, now, watching the scenes on the TV.
Her fingers
were working her clit, and she could feel the trembling building in
her body.
Mr. Phillips fingers were exploring her body to.  He inserted a finger
in her
young slit, and moved within her lubricated confines, going deeper
until he hit
the barrier of her hymen. His arm was around the naked little girl on
the bed
next to him, she was panting in his gripe, her hand briskly stroking
her own
clit.  He slowly laid her back on the bed.  By now she wasn't really
watching
the screen, more interested in her own building orgasm.  "Go on,
Tina... Jerk
yourself off again, honey.", he encouraged.

        Tina didn't need any encouragement, she was already deeply
involved in
trying to find that next orgasm.  Her mind played over the scenes
she'd seen on
the TV as well as the scenes she herself had played out with Mr.
Phillips.  He
cunt was starting to get that tingling sensation that she was learning
was the
precursor to her full blown, body racking orgasms. Her hand thrashed
at her
clitoris, only seconds away from cumming.. Only seconds.. uhh uhh
uhhnly one
seeecond.....

        After laying Tina back on the bed so she could masturbate
herself to
another orgasm, Jim went back to exploring her precious little pussy.
Again he
inserted his finger into her warm, wet folds.  He cunt lips sucked his
finger
in time to her strokes.  Again, he found his passage blocked by the
thin shield
of her hymen.  He probed carefully now, looking for the small opening
in her
cherry. Ah HAH.. Found it..  Now he watched the young girl carefully,
waiting
for her to cum.  He didn't have to wait long.  A cry escaped her lips
and her
back arched.  He could feel her young cunt begin to pulse under his
hand.  The
muscles in her vagina griping his finger in rhythm with her blinding
orgasm.
This was the second he was waiting for.  He plunged his finger hard
into the
too small opening in her hymen.  It resisted for a split second and
then gave
way.  His finger plunged up into her pussy, tearing the small barrier,
while
her orgasm still wracked her body.

        "UHHH UHHH UHHH AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH", Tina screamed, pleasure
and pain
mixing in her cunt.  She was still thrashing with her orgasm, but
there was a
sharp pain where Mr. Phillips was playing with her pussy. Part of her
wanted to
jump up and see what he had done to her to hurt her in her virgin
cunny, but
another part, a much stronger part wanted to ride the waves of
pleasure still
rolling over her entire body.  She rode the orgasm to wherever it
would take
her.  Whatever had happened in her cunny, she would deal with it when
the
pleasure was done.

        Jim Phillips pressed his finger deep into the pre-teens cunt,
feeling
the walls of her vagina pulsing on his deeply imbedded digit. The
little girl
had jerked when he'd pierced her cherry, but the orgasm she was having
had not
subsided and she had lain back to enjoy the rest of it.  He knew he'd
hurt this
little girl, but he'd done it at a time when the hurt would be little
noticed.
Besides, her virgin cunt was worth any amount of pain he happened to
inflict on
this young child.  It was so wet and hot.  It pulsed with strong young
muscles
around his shaking finger.  I smelled like heaven.  Pure virgin. Pure
young
girl.  His cock was aching to follow his finger into the depths of
this slender
pre-teen, and he knew it soon would.  As her orgasm subsided, allowing
so did
the pulsing around his finger.  A few last squeezes on his finger told
him that
it was over for little Tina. He kept his finger in her tight hole
until
rational thought returned to her and she began to wonder about this
strange,
new sensation. This feeling of being invaded by something foreign.

        "Wha.. .. What happened?  What did you do?  What are you
doing? It
hurts!", she was becoming aware of the pain in her little cunt. she
struggled
to get up on her elbows so she could look down and see what Mr.
Phillips was
doing to her to hurt her so.

        "Hush, honey.  I have my finger in your cunt.  Shhh.. Shhhhh
Relax.
Don't be scared.  I know it hurts a little, but I had to do that so
that you
could enjoy sex more later.   Shh, honey... Relax and I'll take my
finger out."

        "What.. Why?  It hurts.. Why did you do that?"

        "I'll explain in a minute, sweetheart, you know I will, now
just relax
and I'll take my finger out.  Feel it, honey.  Feel it up inside you?
Now hold
on.. I'm gonna pull it out now..."

        "It hurts... If feels weird.  OW!... That OUCH!.. Oh.. go
slow..
please. pull it out slow.."  Tina could feel his rough finger slowly
retracting
past the torn edges of her once intact hymen.  She didn't know what it
was,
only that it hurt.  Not too bad.  Not as much as it had at first, but
it still
hurt.

        "Hush, sweetheart.. I know.. I know it hurts a little...Feel
it. I'm
pulling my finger out of you... Ok.. Almost out...Almost..There you go
sweetheart it's out.  Opps.. Don't move.."  He leaned across the bed
the
shelves where he had a small hand towel.  He brought it over and put
it between
her legs.  Tina didn't know it, but her hymen was bleeding a little
bit, and
Jim Phillips wanted to staunch her virgin blood before the pre-teen
girl saw it
and panicked.  "There we go.. Close your legs on the towel, honey."

        "Ow.. It still hurts a little."

        "I know, baby.  It'll be sore for a few minutes.  No, just
keep the
towel there.  That's good.  I hope I didn't hurt you too much, honey,
but I had
to do that, otherwise you would have had a real hard time with our
next
lesson."

        "What did you do and why did it hurt?"

        "Ok, baby, I'll explain", he said, laying down next to the
naked girl
on the bed.  "You're a virgin, sweetheart.  That means you've never
had a man's
penis in your vagina.  Now, when you were born, your were born with
this little
flap of skin called a hymen that covers your vagina. You can't put
anything
large in your cunny without breaking that little flap of skin.  You
don't need
it for anything, but you have to break it in order to enjoy complete
sex.  Now,
what I did was to tear it a little so that it won't hurt as much to
break it
all the way later."

        "I was born with it?"

        "Yeah, all girls are.  Some lose it when their young, playing
or
climbing trees and stuff.  Yours was still all there, so I had to tear
it.
It's like... It's like when a baby is born they still have a piece of
their
belly button sticking out, but eventually it comes off cause they
don't need
it.  You've seen that, haven't you?"

        "Yeah.. once.."

        "Well, this is the same thing.  It's a bit of skin that you
don't need
and that a man has to break for you."

        "It hurt."

        "I know, baby.  I'm sorry.  But I did it while you were
cumming so it
wouldn't be so bad.  Did you like your orgasm?"
        "Yeah."

        "And I didn't completely ruin it for you, now did I?"

        "No.. It still hurt... but it's not so bad now.  Why did you
put a
towel on me?"

        "Well, because when a girls hymen breaks, sometimes it bleeds
a little,
like a cut finger.  Here lemme look."  He bent down and examined her
small
cunt.  He dabbed at a small bit of blood that clung to her hairless
little
lips,  then used his other hand to spread her young vagina.  Not
seeing any
more bleeding he leaned down and kissed her small clitoris, and then
lay back
down beside her.

        "It's ok now, but I want you to lay here for a few more
minutes before
we try anything else.  I want to make sure you're okay."

        His apologies for hurting her, and his obvious concern for her
well-being, mollified the little girls feelings.  It had hurt some,
and it had
felt strange to have his finger inside her, but already that small
addicted
part of her mind was returning to her last furious orgasm and
wondering about
her next.  She had a new friend to take home with her, one that could
make her
feel good whenever she wanted.  One that her parents didn't have to
know about,
and that they couldn't take away. She was looking forward to many more
sessions
with her legs spread and her fingers flying.

        Jim got up after making sure little Tina would stay still and
relax.
He went over to the VCR and changed the tapes.  This next tape was
very
special. One of his favorites, after all, he'd filmed it himself.  It
was going
to show Tina the next step in her lessons, the step that would have
him pouring
his seed into her small virgin cunt before the day was out.  He popped
the tape
into the VCR and returned to the bed.  "How are you feeling,
sweetheart?
Pain's pretty much gone, right?"

        "Yeah."

        "Good.  It doesn't last long, and every little girl has to go
through
it sometime, and once it's over you can do other things which are even
better
than masturbating."

        "Better?"

        "Yeah.. Once you bust your cherry, you can fuck, and that's
much
better."

        "Fuck?  I hear my Dad use that word all the time, but it's
usually when
he's mad.  I said it once and he hit he and said I shouldn't use that
word."

        "Well, honey, adults always want what's best for their kids,
even if
they don't always want it for themselves.  'Member when I said that
the man
puts his penis up into the woman's vagina, like I had my finger up in
you?  The
right word for that is intercourse, but people call it fucking. Your
Dad
doesn't want you to know about fucking, so he doesn't even want you to
say the
word."

        "So, fucking is better than when I rub myself?"

        "Can be.  See when a girl gets fucked, she is getting
stimulated both
on the inside, and on the outside.  That's why that one girl used the
dildoe
when we saw her jerking off.  She wanted to feel it both inside and
outside her
cunny.  For a man, fucking feels really good, because the woman's
vagina was
made to fit tight around a penis, and it's warm and wet and almost
nothing
feels better.  If two people are fucking right, they can both cum with
each
other."

        "uhh.. You mean that the man shoots his semen into the woman?
And
that's how a baby is made?  I get it."

        'Not just yet, but you will', he thought to himself.  "That's
right.
But when I fuck you, you don't have to worry about that because I had
an
operation so that I can't make you pregnant."

        "Are you going to fuck me?", she asked in a small voice.

        "Do you want me to fuck you, honey?"

        "I don't know... I'm scared..."

        "That's alright, sweetheart.  It's ok to be scared the first
time. Do
you want to be fucked?"

        "I don't know... It hurt when you put your finger in me.  Will
it
hurt?"

        "I won't lie to you, Tina.  It probably will hurt because my
cock is
much bigger than my finger, and your little vagina will have to
stretch to hold
it, but the pain doesn't last very long, and latter, fucking will be
as much
fun as masturbating.  You like jerking off, right?"

        "Yeah.. But..  Your penis is so large... I mean.. I don't
think I can
do it."

        "Sure you can sweetheart.  Look, I put a special tape in to
show you
that girls even younger than you can fuck.  Prop you head up on a
pillow and
watch it with me, okay?"

        "Okay."

        "Okay.  Here.. just watch this and then you'll know that you
can do
it..."  He lay close to the naked pre-teen.  His semi-hard cock again
resting
on her slender thigh.  He turned on the VCR and his special tape
began.

        On screen a young blond girl was laying in a bed with 2 men.
It was
this bed right here.  The 2 men were stroking her small body, and she
was
fondling one of the men's cocks.  It was enormous in her hand; she was
unable
to fit her hand around the man's hard on.  The other man reached down
and held
his erection against the girls bottom.  Rubbing it against the smooth
flesh of
her ass.  The younger of the two the men looked up into the camera,
"Hi. I'm
Tom, and that's Jack, and this is our friend Jennifer. She's 9 years
old, and
she loves to fuck, don't you honey?"  The little girl looked up at the
camera,
"uh huh" "And little Jennie here is going to fuck both of us, just for
you.
Aren't you sweetheart?"  "Uh huh....", and with that, the men got up
and
pulling on Jennie's wrists and ankles, arranged her so that one man
knelt over
her head, his semi-hard cock hanging down over her forehead, and the
other
knelt between her legs, his erection pointing at her tiny hairless
slit.  The
man between her legs took both her ankles and spread her legs very
wide.  He
then pulled them up and handed them to the man over her head.  He
pulled her
ankles toward his body, keeping them spread, and thus opening the
little girl's
cunt as wide as possible.  Jennie made a small grunt at having her
feet pulled
up over her head and being spread so wide, but otherwise did not
protest.  Now
the man between her legs reached down with both hands and began to
fondle her
delicate young pussy.  He used the thumb and forefinger of one hand to
spread
her little lips, while he ran the other finger up and down within the
confines
of her hairless slit.  After a minute of fondling her delicate pussy,
he pushed
his thumb slowly into her.  It slid smoothly into the girl until it
was fully
imbedded in her.  She tensed a little, but was unable to move because
the older
man had a firm grip on her ankles.  The little girl was splayed wide
open while
the younger man slowly fucked her with his thumb.

        Having tested the depths, the younger man removed his thumb
and moved
forward to place his hard cock against her hairless snatch.  Again, he
rubbed
it back and forth between the girls tiny lips, teasing her and
himself.  "Are
you ready, Jennie?  I'm gonna fuck you now, sweetheart."

        "Uh huh", was all the small girl said.

        The younger man again spread her cunt lips with thumb and
forefinger,
and positioned his pole at her tiny opening.  He moved his hips
forward slowly.
At first, the little girls cunt lips puckered inward, her sex hole not
large
enough to accommodate this full-grown pecker.  He kept moving forward,
and her
pussy resisted.  Then suddenly, the head of his penis disappeared into
the
small hole.  Slowly, so as not to shock this little beauty, he pushed
further.
The close-up picture was amazing. The 9 year old's small cunt lips
were
stretched tight around both sides of the large cock entering her.  It
looked
like she had been skewered on a pole.  Her pale skin and pink clitoris
contrasted against the dark meat of the shaft entering her.  His move
was
relentless.  Slowly, the meat of his penis disappeared into the little
girls
cunny.

        "Oh, GOD, baby.. Jesus.. you're tight...... ooohhhhh, man...
Okay,
honey.. Just a little more to go"  Said the younger man off camera.
Even as he
said it, his hips gave a forceful thrust, and his cock was buried
completely in
the girls hairless cunt.  Little Jennifer gave a grunt when the last
of the
pulsing meat pole penetrated her, but still had nothing to say.
"Ohhhhhhh,
baby... Oh.. you're gonna make me cum just sitting here... Ohhh,
fuck!... You
ready to get fucked now, baby.. Tell me you want me to fuck you,
baby...."

        The camera had pulled back so that Tina could see the girl
complete.
The older man still held her legs spread wide and pulled back to over
her head.
She was grimacing a little, obviously feeling stretched at hold this
grown
man's erect penis in her immature cunny.  She looked up at the man
penetrating
her and said, "Please fuck me...", in a small trembling voice.

        The man didn't need any further encouragement.  He started to
pump the
9 year old with his hard cock.  Each time he pulled it out it
glistened with
her young juices.  Each time he pushed it in, the little girl gave a
grunt.
The lips of her little pussy were moving to and fro, following and
sucking on
the large penis that was pumping her. Tina could see that her small
flat belly
actually expanded with each thrust as the man's cock pushed deep into
the tiny
girl.  The camera was moving to take in all the angles.  It closed in
on his
hard meat plunging into her.  His whole cock disappeared into the
little girl,
even though it looked like it was impossible for it to fit.  The edges
of her
lips were getting red from being stretch by his meat.  The camera
slowly moved
her body, past her flat belly that expanded and contracted as the man
moved his
cock within her; past her small chest with no hint whatsoever of tits,
to her
face.  Her face was held in a grimace.  She was grunting with each
thrust into
her small hole.  She grunted each time the man pumped her.  The penis
of the
man holding her legs bobbed over her face, sometimes dipping enough to
strike
her on the cheek.  She opened her eyes and looked up at the cock
waving in
front of her face.  Then she reached up with one hand and held it,
jacking it a
little in tune with her body's movements from the man pumping her tiny
cunt.

        "Ohh, baby... FUCK but you're tight..  I can just barely get
it all
into you.  Shit.. God, I'm gonna cum, baby.. I'm gonna blow my load
into you,
honey..."  The man was fucking her harder now.  The initial gentleness
of his
fucking disappearing as his climax approached.  The tiny girls body
was being
pushed up the bed with his strokes until her face was under the balls
of the
man still holding her legs splayed for her fucking.  His balls rested
on the
bridge of her nose, making it difficult to see her face, but her mouth
still
grimaced with each thrust and her grunts had turned to small yelps.
Tina
couldn't tell if the 9 year old liked what was happening or not.  She
couldn't
believe that a kid 2 years younger than herself could fit a man's
whole penis
into her tiny pussy. But there it was right in front of her.  She
looked down
and saw that Mr. Phillips cock was hard again, just watching the girl
getting
screwed.  She looked at the cock on the screen and back at cock
pushing against
her thigh.  She wondered if she could do it. She wondered what it
would feel
like.  She particularly wondered if it would really feel better with a
man's
penis in her.  But her attention was drawn back to the screen when she
heard
the young girl begin to moan loudly.

        The man with his balls in the little girls face had let go of
her
ankles. Her legs were still splayed wide on either side of the younger
man
fucking her.  He reached down, pressing his cock against her face and
began to
rub the tiny girls tender clit, while she still accepted the stroking
penis.
The girls reaction was instantaneous.  She began to moan loudly and
buck her
body as if the sensations she was getting from her clit and tortured
vagina
were too much to take.  "Nuh.. Nuhhh .. Ahhhiiieeeyyyye...Nuuuuuhhhh..
Nuh...", she was incoherent. Suddenly, her whole body went tense.  The
cords on
her neck stood out, and her chest flushed read.  Her face jerked
upward with
the spasms of her belly and she bucked up and down with the testicle
of the
older man rubbing up and down on her face as she did.

        "OHH SWEET JESUS!!!!.. OH GOD, JENNIE... YEAAAAHHH COME ON MY
COCK,
BABY... SQUEEZE IT... OOOOOOOOOHHHHH  FFFFUUUUUUCCCCKKKK!!!! HERE...
I...
CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!", he
screamed,
slamming his meat into the tiny girl.  Her belly grew large as his
cock pushed
it's way into the tiny girl.  Now the man and girl bucked together;
her body
spasming, her face full of cock; her legs straight out on either side
of the
man whose face was in ecstasy above her; his ass taught with the
effort of
pushing his huge cock into her tortured cunny; his body jerking with
the spasms
that were pumping his load of cum into this 9 year old child.  Her
tiny pussy
had no spare room once fully stuffed with his penis, and so the cum he
shot
into her immediately came all sides of her hairless slit.  Tina could
see it
glistening on the junction between man and girl as the camera zoomed
in on the
spot where the two became one.  "OHHH FUCKKK.. TAKE IT.. Uh..
BABY!!...OHHH
FUCK....BABY!!", he moaned as he filled her to overflowing with hot
cum.  The
camera pulled back, and Tina could see that the small girl still
jerked with
orgasmic spasms; or maybe it was in sympathy with the jerking cock in
her young
cunt.  In any case, the older man had moved off her face and she could
now see
that Little Jennifer had a look of pure pleasure on her face.  'God,
she looks
like she really came with him!', thought Tina.

        The younger man's orgasm slowly subsided.  As it did he eased
the
pressure off the 9 year old's cunny and his cock began to slip out.
The
pressure in her tiny snatch, forced his cock out as it began to lose
it's
hardness.  The man pulled his cock from her and rested it on her
belly.  Even
as it began to soften, it still reached from her slit to her navel.
And
because of the tightness of her little cunt, not all the man's semen
had been
pumped into her.  What couldn't get out due to the pressure, now
leaked out
onto the child as she lay breathing heavily from her own small orgasm.
Her
legs hung over the edge of the bed, and it was obvious to Tina that
both man
and girl were totally spent.

        "Oh, honey.. God, that felt good.  Are you okay?"

        "Uh huh....", was all she said, not even opening her eyes.

        "I felt you cum, baby.  I felt you cunt squeeze me, baby.  Did
it feel
good, honey?"

        "Uh HUH", she said, this time opening her eyes to look at her
mature
lover, and nod her head. "It's so big, uh.. and it hurts... a little,
but it
felt good at the end..", she elaborated.

        "That's good, sweetheart.  It's supposed to feel good.  It
sure felt
good for me.  You wanna fuck Jack now?  He's all hard and ready for
you.  Huh?
You wanna fuck Jack now, right honey?"

        "Uhh.. Okay!", she said thinking about it for a second and
then seeming
to really want it.

        Tina was shocked, "She's gonna do it with the other man too?",
she
asked turning to Mr. Phillips.

        Jim Phillips stopped the tape, "Sure, honey.  Why not?  If you
like
something as much as that, why not do it as often as you want?"

        "But, with two guys.. I mean... I thought you were only
supposed to
like.. well, you know.. with just one guy?"

        "Well, lot's of people find special relationships with just
one person,
and that's nice, but alot of people like to share their pleasure and
bodies
with more than one person, sometimes at the same time.  That's ok too.
Sometimes people will get together in a group, just to have sex and
enjoy each
other's bodies.  That's group sex.  Now, three, people isn't a group,
not
really, but don't they seem to really be enjoying it?"

        "Well, yeah... I guess.."

        "Okay then.  Nothing wrong with that.  You gotta remember,
Tina, that
you shouldn't judge people without knowing about them.  Lots of people
think
it's wrong that you and I are naked with each other right now, like
your
parents for instance, but you've enjoyed it, right?"

        "Yeah.. I guess..."

        "Not, I guess, Tina. I know you've enjoyed it.  I watched you
when you
came.  Is it really wrong that you've learned about your body? Is it
really
wrong that you've learned about men's bodies, and sex?"

        "I guess not..."

        "Okay.  So don't be to shocked at little Jennie wanting to
fuck two
guys at the same time.  She likes it, and they like it, and that's
good enough
for them.  So you wanna see the rest of this?"

        "Yeah."

        "Good, because this time they do it differently.  There's lots
of ways
for two people to have sex, alot of positions, and the man on top is
just one.
Watch."  And the homemade porn show started again.

        Little Jennifer moved across the bed to where her older lover
waited
for her.  "Come on, Jennie.  Get on top", said the man, waiting for
her,
stroking his cock.  Jennifer didn't hesitate a second.  She climbed on
top of
the man, then got her feet under her so she could lift her little
pussy into
the air over the man's cock.  "Ok, sweetheart, now put it in. Put that
big cock
in you pretty little hole.  That's a good girl."

        The small girl reached down with one hand, the other helping
her
maintain her balance on the man's chest, and took hold of his enormous
penis.
It jerked in her grip, and she seemed to have difficulty getting it
straight up
to point at her perfect little cunt.  She pulled it up until the head
was
mashing her tender cunt lips aside, and guided it to the opening into
her young
body.  She held it there for a second and then began to lower herself
onto his
meat.  The head disappeared into her hairless cunt, and then seemed to
stop
it's penetration.

        "You're really tight, honey. Use more of your weight Come on,
push
down... Harder..... Harder..... Yeah.. That's it baby, it's going in
now."  The
girl let more and more of her weight rest on the small spot where her
cunny met
his cock.  The lips of her cut were pressed in from her efforts.
Slowly his
cock began to disappear into her.  Jennie let out a small gasp as she
reached
the half-way point on his prick. She sucked in her breath and held it
as she
continued her efforts to swallow his throbbing cock with her 9 year
old cunt.
It was obviously a tough job, but Jennifer did not give up.  Tina
could tell
that the girl really wanted to accomplish this, but she couldn't tell
why. To
Tina it looked like this man was much to big to be fucking this little
girl,
but the girl didn't give up.  Instead she grunted and puffed and
pushed until,
finally, the tender lips of her hairless pussy kissed the rough pubic
hair of
her grown lover, her little cunt having swallowed the whole length of
his erect
penis.  Jennifer paused having accomplished this, and looked right
into the
camera.  She smiled, knowing she'd done something to be proud of!
Tina was
stunned.  This girl was younger than her, and yet there she sat
smiling, penis
up her hole, while the man beneath her moaned about how unbelievably
tight her
little cunt was.

        "Jesus, baby.. your TIGHT!!  Man, I love fucking you, baby..
Now ride
me.. Come on.. Ride that cock you have in you..."  Little Jennie
pushed upward
and the lips of her pussy pulled out as the fat cock in her was pulled
out of
her body.  Then she pushed back down and her tender pussy swallowed
the older
man's cock again.  Out.. In.. Out.. In...  The girl's face was red
from the
effort of pushing this monster meat in and out of her 9 year old cunt.
The man
managed to hold still beneath his young lover, but his moaning and
cries of
encouragement let Tina know that he was really enjoying the fucking
this nymph
was giving him.  The man reached up and grabbed the little girls ass,
his hand
completely covering her tiny buttocks.  He started to pull the girl
onto his
prick with a faster rhythm, slamming upward with his hips as he pulled
Jennie
down onto his cock.  He used his hands to pull the little girl upward
and slam
her downward, using her small body as a tight, warm masturbation
receptacle.
Jennifer had both her hands on the mans chest, trying to keep from
losing her
balance as the man pulled and pushed her onto his cock.

        The camera moved to the back where Tina could see the man's
balls
churning under his cock as his giant penis disappeared into the
stretched
little girls hole.  'My god, why doesn't that thing kill her?  It
looks way to
big to get in there!  She must really feel stretched!!', thought Tina,
but the
thought of being stretched turned her one. 'Maybe it would feel good
to get
rubbed like that there?'  The girl in the picture was not complaining
any, and
the man was obviously in heaven.  His breath was becoming ragged, and
his
thrusts less coordinated as his climax neared.

        "Uh...Jennie... I'm gonna cum... sweetheart.... I'm fill you
with jizm,
baby.... Uhhhhh God..  Ready...baby?    Ready... Here....I......
CCCCCUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmm............"  The man slammed
into the
9 year old one last time, pulling down on her buttocks with both hands
as hard
as he could.   A small "OH" came from the young girl, but most of the
noise
came from the man as he shot his seed into his tiny lover. "AAAHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHhhhhh GOD!!! AHhhhh Shit.. TAKE IT
BABY!! TAKE
THAT LOAD.... AAAAHHHHHhhhhh...." He was shouting.  The camera was
still
between his legs looking at where his cock disappeared into the
hairless nymph.
Jism was spurting out of her tiny pussy.  I dripped down to the man's
balls
and coated them.  His hands never eased their pressure on her ass,
until his
final spurt of white hot cum was spent into the little girl.  Slowly
he relaxed
his grip, his fingers leaving a red after image on her slender ass.
He still
held her, not allowing her to get off his invading cock, just yet.
"Oh..
BABY!!!  WHEW!! That was GREAT!!... Jennifer, you got the nicest
little pussy
on the planet!!!  Did ya feel it, honey?  Did ya feel me cum in you?"

        The camera had moved around to the side again to show the man
holding
the little girl's body to him.  She was now on her knees straddling
him, his
cock still in her tight hole.  Bent over and impaled like she was the
9 year
old's head barely reached his chest.  He held her onto his cock
stroking her
fine hair.  "Did you feel it pumping in you, sweetheart?"

        "Uh huh...Yeah"

        "Man, baby, I filled you up, I think.  Here.. Let's see.", and
with
that he sat her up straight and grabbed her waist. One move and he
lifted her
clear of his deflating penis, making a small pop and her hairless lips
kissed
it a last good-bye.  He held her in the air above his cock and the
camera
closed in to show the spunk dripping out of her red, expanded sex
hole.  "Yeah,
honey.. Look at it... Man, you had a load inside of you. Here..Clean
it up with
your tongue, baby..." And again, he lifted the little girl, putting
her on one
side of his body.  Jennifer had obviously been through this ritual
before
because she didn't need to ask what the man meant, but instead got on
her hands
and knees, her blond hair hanging down on the man's body, and started
licking
the jism off the man.  Her tongue lapped up the white spunk that, just
a few
seconds earlier, had been pumped into her small cunt.  "That's it
baby... Clean
it up good...", encouraged the man, resting his hand on her head, and
guiding
her mouth to the pools of semen on his belly and crotch.  The white
cum clung
to the girls mouth, and what she couldn't lap up directly, she picked
up with
her fingers and sucked them.  When she'd cleaned the mans belly and
crotch she
picked up his softening penis and pushed as much of it as she could
into her
mouth.  Tina could see that she was sucking the flaccid cock, trying
to get the
last of this man's cum.  "eeeeeuuuuuwwwww... sweetheart... Ohhh that
feels
nice.. I love having my cock in your mouth, Jennie... Ummmmm..
yeaaaaahhhhhhh...."

        Eventually, the little girl finished licking the man clean,
and lay
down with him, her small, hairless pale body making an amazing
contrast to his
large, dark, hairy form.  Both of them looked contented, and appeared
to be
ready to go to sleep together when the film ended.

        Tina looked up a Jim Phillips.  "I don't know if I want to try
that. I
mean, I know she was younger than me, and she did it and all, but ..
It looks
to big", glancing at Jim Phillips fully erect cock resting on her
thigh, "and
it would hurt and all.."

        "Tina, I want to fuck you.  I know you'll like it when we do
it, you
just have to trust me.  Okay?"

        "No.. I'm scared.. I like masturbating and all that, but it's
too big..
 Please.. I don't want to..."

        "Well, Tina... I'm guess I'm going to have to show you another
tape,
just to show you what you CAN do, when you want to." He got up and
changed the
tapes in the VCR.  "This tape might help you decide that you really do
want me
to fuck you."  He started the tape.

        On the TV screen there was a picture of a young girl.  She was
sitting
on a bed, looking kind of nervous.  With a shock, Tina realized that
it was
her!!  She was on the video tape!!  Mr. Phillips must have taken these
pictures
yesterday, without telling her!  Tina watched herself on the film.
The Tina on
the film was looking off camera. She nodded her head and said, "My
name is Tina
West, I'm 11 years old and I want to learn about sex."  The Tina on
the TV
looked off camera again and then said, "I want to take my clothes off
for you
and show you what a pretty little girl I am."  Then she saw herself
get up and
hesitantly start taking off her clothes.  Slowly the clothes came off.
Finally, when she was all naked, she slowly turned her body around,
allowing
the camera to see her from all sides.  After a few seconds (with a
jump where
the film had been edited) Tina watched herself lay down on the bed,
and then,
again after some hesitation and looking off camera, she heard herself
say, "I
want to spread my legs for you."  Then the Tina on TV lifted her knees
and
spread them for the camera!!  'He filmed me... He filmed all of it!!
Oh, GOD!!'
she was dazed.  The TV Tina laid on the bed with her legs spread, and
her pussy
open for the whole world to see.  She put her hands behind her head,
just as
Mr. Phillips came into camera range.  Of course, his back was to the
camera,
and you couldn't see his face!!  He was taking his shirt off and Tina
was
looking up at his face, her legs splayed open to the camera.  Another
small
edit jump and Tina heard herself say, "Please look at my cunny.
Please touch
my cunny.  Please" 'OH GOD, I sound like a total SLUT!!  If anyone
ever sees
this I'm DEAD!! My parents will kill me!!'  The man in the video, the
man Tina
knew was Mr. Phillips, but who never let his face show, was sitting
between her
spread legs, running his hands over her body.  Tina saw herself
reacting to his
touch, saw her body begin to quiver as his hand probed her tiny cunt.
She
could hear Mr. Phillips, mumbling, but could not make out the words.

        Then she heard herself say, "It feels ga. good when you rub my
cunny"

        "Good girl.  Do you want me to rub harder?  Do you want me to
make you
feel good?"

        "Uh.. huh.. I want....", but the sentence didn't complete.
Mr.
Phillips was stroking her clit on film, and saying something to her
that she
could not make out.  Then in a pleading voice she heard herself say,
"Please
rub my little cunny harder. Please make me feel good."  She watched
herself
being brought to orgasm.  She watched herself convulse and moan, her
head
shaking left to right and back; her breath coming in grunts, "Uh Uh Uh
Uh Uh
Uh...."  And suddenly she heard herself squeal and saw her body arch.
Her
convulsions were beyond control. Mr. Phillips could barely keep his
hand on her
cunt while his other reached up and held one of her ankles to keep her
flailing
legs from closing on him. 'Oh WOW... That's what I look like when I
CUM!!', she
thought.  She watched her body spasm, and remembered her first orgasm.
At the
time she had no awareness of what was going on around her.  But now
she could
see her naked young body jerking to the touch of this man's hand on
her
hairless pussy.

        On screen, her orgasm was slowly subsiding.  As she began to
relax the
scene changed.  Suddenly she saw herself leaning forward, kissing the
Mr.
Phillips crotch while he stood in front of her.  Another edit jump,
and she was
looking up at him saying, "I want to see your penis. I really do."
And then 
she was pulling his underwear off while he stood in front of her.
Once free, 
she watched herself looking at her first cock.  Next she was holding
it, and
stroking it.  Another jump, and suddenly, the monster cock she was
pulling on
with both hands was blasting all over her little naked body.  She saw
how the
cum hit her in the mouth and was all over her chest, making her
pre-teen body
glisten.

        Again, the scene shifted.  Suddenly, Tina saw herself astride
Mr.
Phillips face.  Again, no one could see his face, but she was clearly
visible.
And she was bucking his face in another orgasm. This lasted a minute
or so, and
again the scene changed.  This time Tina saw herself on the bed while
a grown
man fed his cock into her wide mouth.  He held onto the back of her
head and
forced his cock deep into her face.  She watched as the whole thing
disappeared
into her mouth. She could see her throat expanding to accommodate the
cock that
was fucking her mouth.  Another jump and Mr. Phillips was fucking her
face in
earnest. His hand on the back of her head kept pulling and pulling her
face
onto his penis.  In a minute, he started to cum in her mouth.  She saw
the cum
dripping out the sides of her mouth.  The picture froze.

        "So, honey.  What do you think?"

        Tina was in shock.  She took a minute to gather her thoughts.
"YOU
FILMED ME.  YOU FILMED US!! WWWWWHHHHHYYYYY?!!!", she was starting to
cry, and
this last came out as a long sob.  "Why did you do that?"

        Mr. Phillips leaned over and put his arm around the naked 11
year old,
pulling her sobbing body next to his adult nakedness.  "Honey, I think
you're
really hot!  I mean you are really sexy, and I just wanted to show you
how
really sexy you are!  You saw the way you came!  Tell me you didn't
enjoy it
then!  So what's so wrong with seeing what you look like, huh?"

        Sniff,".. uh.. I don't know."

        "I wanted you to see that sex ain't dirty.  Hey, you watched
other
people doing it, even little girls like yourself.  They turned you on,
didn't
they?"

        Sniff, "I guess..."

        "Okay, then.  So now you see that you're just a pretty and
sexy and hot
as any of those other girls on tape, right?"

        "Uh huh..."

        "That's right, sweetheart.  I think you're really sexy, and I
really
want to fuck you. So having seen that tape, doesn't that make you want
let me
fuck you, huh?  Don't you want to feel my hot penis all the way up in
your
vagina?  Huh, baby?"

        Still sobbing, Tina didn't know what to say, so she fell back
on her
original fears.  "It'll hurt!  -sniff-  I'm sca.. scarrreeeddd!", and
again she
started to cry.

        "Look, Tina.  I know your scared, and I know it might hurt a
little at
first, but you have to do it someday."  He took her chin in one hand
and turned
her face so her teary eyes were looking right into his.  "And it sure
would be
a shame if a copy of that tape got shown to your father, wouldn't it.
What do
you think he would do seeing his little girl sucking cock, hummm?"

        Tina stopped crying instantly.  Now all she felt was terror.
'If Daddy
saw that, he kill me.  He'd beat me so bad.....' and her thoughts
became
incoherent with imaginings of what her father would do to her.

        The naked little girl started to tremble with fear in Jim's
arm. He
held her tight, enjoying her panic for a moment before offering her
the way
out. 


