Tommy's Family
Chapter 2
By Ed Dippus


Kathy Barnhart woke from her nap about an hour later, feeling
refreshed.  She put on her robe and headed for the stairs,
intending to get a nice dinner started for her children, when she
noticed the sounds coming from her son's bedroom door.  Frowning
slightly, since Tom wasn't due home for an hour yet, she knocked
lighlty on the door.

Inside, Tommy was lying naked on his bed, jacking off for the
second time since he had watched his mother do the same.  The first
had been an almost instantaneous come, then he had proceeded with
his original plan of getting high and donning his earphones.  The
window fan had dispersed the incriminating sweet smell of pot, and
with the high had come more horny forbidden thoughts.  His concern
over just who "Steve" was that his mother had been moaning to had
long since receded, and he now just revelled in the feelings.  He
didn't hear the knocking on his doorway through his earphones, nor
did he realize his door was unlocked.

When her knock was nto answered, Kathy turned the knob and was
about to enter the room, when she noticed that her son was lying
naked on the bed, stroking his cock with his eyes closed. 
Hurriedly, she pulled the door shut, almost all the way, when a
strange thought came to her.  Instead of leaving, she peeked
through the crack, gazing at Tommy as he jacked off.

She knew this was wrong, but in her fascination, she couldn't help
herself.  But instead of fixating on Tommy, she imagined that it
was Steve she was watching.  She focused on that large cock,
jutting proudly into the air, as the muscular young arm pumped
slowly up and down, fisting from root to crown.  She pretended it
was Steve's arm, thought about it touching her.  Almost
unconsciously, her hand slipped between the folds of her robe, and
her fingers slipped between the folds of her pussy.

Though neither mother nor son knew it, the tables had been turned,
and the voyeur was now the viewed.  Oblivious to his audience,
Tommy continued to work his cock, his mind flashing from his Mom
to his sister Karen and back again.  He was not aware of when Karen
had entered the equation, but now it seemed just great.  The dreamy
feeling of the pot had allowed him to focus out everything except
the erotic images in his mind and their gratifying effects on his
cock.

After 20 minutes of self-stimulation, Kathy was amazed at her son's
stamina.  As she shivered through her third orgasm, once again
breathily calling out for Steve, she snapped back to the fact that
it was indeed Tommy she was watching.  She paused a moment,
actually in awe about the size of his hard-on, then shook her head
and was about to leave.  But Tommy's hand movements suddenly 
increased in speed and he began moaning softly.  Knowing he was
about to come, Kathy stood transfixed, waiting for it to happen. 
Soon his moans began to take on a new tone, and she realized he was
saying something.  "Oh, Mom," he moaned, and her jaw dropped.  "Oh,
Karen," he moaned again, and she was even more shocked.  Then with
a final moan of "MOM!" he began spurting wad after wad of jism into
the air.  The pearly drops rained back down to cover his young,
flat belly, and Kathy found herself watching avidly.  Finally, she
turned away and closed the door, her knees shaking.

Kathy was one confused woman.  Here she was, angry at her son for
fantasizing about his mother and sister, yet here she had been
spying on him and fantasizing about one of his schoolmates.  In a
quandry, she hurried downstairs and immersed herself in her
cooking.

About 20 minutes later, Tommy appeared at the kitchen door.  He
seemed perfectly normal as he strolled over, gave her a chaste peck
on the cheek, and greeted her, "Hi, Mom.  You're home early."

Struggling to control her expression, she turned to explain why,
when she saw the black eye.  "Oh, Tommy!" she cried, "what happened
to your eye."

Immediately, Tommy turned surly,  "Nothing.  I ran into uh, a door. 
The door to the uh, chem lab.  Opened up into me when I was
walking.  It's nothing.  Gotta go."  And he left.

Kathy knew he was lying, but didn't know why.  Shrugging her
shoulders, she turned back to making dinner, laying her plans for
laying Steve.  Tomorrow should be another light day like today. 
Maybe she could come home early again.  With a guest.

                 DON'T MISS CHAPTER 3 OF ED DIPPUS'S
                     LATEST OPUS OF FAMILY LOVE.

