Tommy's Family
Chapter 1
By Ed Dippus


It had been a hard day for Tommy Barnhart.  As he wheeled his bike
up the driveway he reflected on his short but disastrous day at
school.  It had begun pretty well, as he made out with his
girlfriend, Becky, near the gymnasium door.  But he got a little
overzealous and began to feel up her sweater.  Becky balked at that
and in the ensuing fight they broke up.  Word got around during the
morning and at lunch many guys taunted Tommy.  When Joe McTavish,
the biggest asshole in school, added his 2 cents worth, Tommy lost
it and began pummelling the bigger boy.  It cost him dearly: a 2-
day suspension and a black eye.

Now, home early, he decided to head upstairs, blast his stereo into
his headphones, and smoke up into oblivion.  But as he passed the
bathroom door, he heard a curious humming noise.  Pushing the door
open just a crack,  Tommy beheld a sight that made him forget all
his aches and pains.

There before the mirror stood his mom, Kathy, evidently fresh out
of the shower.  Her hair was wrapped in a towel, a few honey-blonde
strands slipping out to curl around her cheeks.  Other than that
towel, she was naked, which sight alone would cause an aching hard-
on for her son.  But add to that the fact that in her right hand
she held a vibrator and was applying it to her left breast cradled
in her left hand and Tommy's young prick threatened to burst his
zipper.  The uncomfortable pressure forced him to unzip his pants
to release that throbbing monster.

Oblivious to her voyeuristic son, Kathy continued to stimulate her
36D tits while observing herself in the mirror.  Unlike her son,
Kathy's day had gone exceedingly well.  Several problems at the job
where she was an office manager had solved themselves by early in
the morning.  By noon she had run out of tasks, and so decided to
treat herself to an afternoon off.  It began with a hot, relaxing
shower.  During that shower, as she soaped her tits and pussy, her
mind drifted to erotic thoughts of Steve, the young office boy who
worked afternoons for her after school.  She pictures his sweet
ass, encased in those tight jeans, and that bulging tool filling
out the front whenever she caught him staring down her cleavage. 
For a minute, it occurred to her that Steve was the same age as her
son.  But the ache in her erogenous zones chased that thought away. 
As she continued to get hornier, she was glad that her trusty
vibrator lay on a towel on the vanity.  She quickly rinsed off,
hopped out, dried off and put her hair up in the towel.  Then she
set the vibrator to half-speed and applied it to her nipple.

Although she had large breasts and nipples, they were both
exceedingly sensitive.  With the instrument of pleasure about an
inch below her pink aureole, the vibrations penetrated her tit-
flesh to the nipple and throughout her nervous system, causing
shivers of pleasure from her head to her toes, but especially in
her pussy and clit, tits and nipples.  Very often, before her
husband left her, he would tit-fuck her, and they would both cum
without once touching her pussy.  Since he picked up and left
without warning, however, she had been mistrustful of men and had
had to rely on "Sparky", as she called her vibrator.

Sparky was serving her well now, but her thoughts were on Steve. 
He was so young, he probably wouldn't have formed any of the
selfish, hurtful attitudes so common in older men like her ex.  The
combination of Sparky and Steve really had her juices flowing. 
Time to move Sparky down.

Tommy gaped in awe at his mom's hot body.  It had never occurred
to him that she was such a sexual creature, or that women could get
themselves off as men do, as he was doing.  Of course, it now
struck him as obvious.  As his mom fingered her breasts and shook
them with the vibrator, he slowly jacked his cock off.  Then, as
he watched, she shifted over to the side, placing one foot up on
the toilet lid.  She then slid the vibrator slowly down her stomach
toward her pussy.  Tommy held his breath as she teased herself
around the clit and lips and then positioned the tip outside the
entrance to her pussy.  Mother and son both sighed deeply as the
artificial prick sank into her moist depths.

Kathy slowly pumped the vibrator into and out of her pussy,
relishing the slowly building orgasm.  Her left hand continued to
stimulate her tits, playing back and forth from nipple to nipple,
now tweaking, now stroking, now pulling.  Suddenly, her knees felt
very weak, so she spun around and sat down on the toilet seat, legs
outthrust, head thrown back, revelling in the feeling.  She felt
her climax was very near, so she decided to finish herself off in
her favorite way.  Leaving the vibrator thrust deep in her pussy,
she closed her knees to hold it in place.  Grabbing a breast in
each hand, she pulled one up to her mouth, sucking her own nipple
while kneading the other breast and rocking back and forth to move
the vibrator.  Suddenly, she threw her head back and began moaning
as her orgasm hit.  AS she peaked, she cried out "Oh, Steve, FUCK
ME!!!"

Tommy was all set to come right along with his mom, when all of a
sudden she called out the name "Steve".  "Steve," Tommy thought,
"Who the hell is Steve?"  But the pause in his jacking off brought
him back from the edge, and now his mother had come.  Tommy stuck
his dick back in his pants and ran for his room before his mother
came out and caught him spying on her.  But he was still stiff, and
planned to take care of himself in his room.  He would never forget
this episode, however.  It was the stuff wet dreams were made of.

Meanwhile, Kathy was recovering form her orgasm.  She slowly slid
the vibrator out of her pussy, shivering as it slipped out.  Then
she delicately licked it clean, savoring the taste of her own
juices.  She was still pretty horny, but cumming had at least taken
the edge off it.

She finished cleaning up the bathroom and headed to her bedroom. 
There, she slipped under the covers for a nap.  Drowsily, she
reflected on the object of her fantasies.  It had been a long time
since she had a real cock inside her, maybe it was time to let
Steve have a little of what he'd been drooling over for months. 
"Yes," she thought as she slipped away to sleep, "maybe I'll let
Steve fuck me."  thoughts of hard young cocks filled her dreams as
she slept.

                 DON'T MISS CHAPTER 2 OF ED DIPPUS'S
                     LATEST OPUS OF FAMILY LOVE.
