		       Tommy Takes Charge

Tommy was at in the swamp when the bug bit him.

He'd been pretending to be a superspy, cracking into Nemesis' HQ. He
had been thinking about the imaginary female spy he seduced with his
brilliance, and failed to pay attention to a large unusual insect.
Lying on a log he had to sneak over, the thing reacted sharply when
he brushed against it.

"YEEOWW!" he let out before he remembered spies didn't react to pain.

It was a booby trap! They knew he was coming, he knew enough to flee.
Imagined the hundreds of enemies pursuing him, he nursed his injured
arm all the way to the house.

He stepped through the screen door, seeing his mother in the kitchen.
She was young looking, no older than 32. He'd been a high school
pregnancy, but Dad had done his best to look after them. Until the
accident last year, that is.

"Hiya Mom," he announced. She spotted him cradling the arm, shooting 
a worried glance his way. Saturdays, she wasn't working. She 
watched over him much more closely when she was home. Today being 
Saturday, she fairly fawned over the injury.

"What did you do?" she asked, quickly rushing to check him.

"Oh it's nothing. A bug bit me." She held him and examined the damage 
anyway. She kissed his forehead.

"Where did this happen?"

"Out in the woods, close to the swamp. It'll be okay, really."

"I thought I told you to stay away from the old chemical dump."

"Aw mom. It's just a little bite, it'll heal."

"Just the same, I should spank you. Your just a little old for that
now, twelve year olds are difficult for me without your father." A
tear formed at the corner of her eye.

"I miss Dad too. Love ya Mom."

"Yes, I know," she wiped her eyes. "I'm going out tonight Tommy. That 
nice young lady, Lisa, will be sitting you tonight."

"Aw, I don't need a sitter. You just said I'm getting older. Really
Mom!" Not that he really minded Lisa. She was always a thrill, a real
looker in his opinion. Still, he could put one of his carefully
husbanded video tapes on if he had the opportunity.

"I can't take any chances, young man. She'll be here by six. You had 
better behave too." She tossled his hair and returned to the chore he 
interrupted.

Play acting spy completely forgotten, he wandered up to his room.
Closing the door, he pulled out the cache of magazines he concealed
from his mother. He wondered if Mom was anything like the woman in
these books. He knew Lisa just had to be.

After a satisfying period of 'reading', he realized it was almost time
for Lisa to arrive. He didn't want to miss seeing her, even if it
meant having her boss him around. He stepped into the bathroom to
straighten himself up before she got there. His eyes flashed back at
him in the mirror with a low red glow.

A trick of the light probably. He concentrated on recalling an image 
of Lisa.

Lisa was just starting college this fall. She was as pretty as the
women in his reading collection. Long smooth legs giving her almost
5'8" of height, a soft round chest, and an attractive face to die
for. It was almost the perfect oval shape, brown eyes, chiseled nose
and her mouth arranged better than anyone else he'd ever seen. Her
lips were sensuous, almost always in an anxious tasty pout. Her
lovely dark hair was soft to the touch whenever he'd had the chance.

"TOMMY!" came his mother's voice. He scrambled down the stairs.

His mother stood at the front door with Lisa. Mom was looking nice
too, hair in a French Braid, short skirt showing her legs to good
effect. And a low cut blouse showing more of her tits than he'd
realized Mom had.

Tommy gulped, then looked at Lisa. Mom and Lisa were chatting,
settling accounts in advance. Lisa was wearing jeans, hiding the
beautiful legs he admired so often. But her chest was in a revealing
light blue halter, nipples almost showing through, and a cleavage
that left him with a lump in his throat. Her black hair, rolled in a
curve just over her shoulders, bouncing with her bobbing head as she
agreed with Mom.

"I'll be back late Tommy. Mr. Brucci is taking me to a movie after 
dinner." She waved. Tommy stared at his own mother's tight tush as she 
wagged it going down the walk. He hadn't noticed how nicely shaped Mom
was before. She must want to do something with Mr. Brucci tonight.

"Okay Tommy. I'm going to watch TV for a while, do you need anything?"
Lisa's sweet tones were musical to Tommy.

"Uh, no," he locked his eyes on her big browns. He tried to use his
regular excuse to hang around her. He didn't want to just slip back 
upstairs with his favorite daydream here. "It would be nice if 
we could do something though, like maybe a quick card game?"

Lisa glazed over for a moment, her face suddenly blank. Then she 
smiled and nodded.

"Yes, a card game would be nice wouldn't it? Let's get the cards." She
walked over to the cabinet where Mom kept the cards. 

Huh?, this was strange. The request was almost a ritual, he'd ask, 
she smiles and says no. She usually told him to go do kid stuff until 
Mom came home. The smile almost always made him melt, injured by 
rejection. But this time she said yes...

Surprised, perhaps even stunned by her willingness, Tommy squatted
down in the livingroom. The rug there was soft, and great for playing
cards. Besides, if he could figure out a way to get her to neck, it 
was pretty nice to lay down on too.

Lisa came back, deck of cards in hand. She didn't seem too disturbed 
by the slight change in her plans.

She crossed her legs as she sat, her full breasts bobbing in their 
halter as she moved. She seemed oblivious to the effect her movements 
had on Tommy. Every little twitch those nodding melons made caused 
another twitch in his groin.

"ohhh," Tommy mumbled.

"Are you all right," Lisa's concern was genuine. She knew how rough 
being sick was on kids with their parents out. Tommy's crush on her 
didn't bother her, but if he got ill she knew the evening would be 
pretty rough.

"I'm fine," he quickly responded, striving not to stare at her tits. 
He wanted her to think of him as manly, not sickly. He sat up a bit
straighter, puffing out his chest a bit.

Lisa dealt cards, and they began to play rummy. Tommy had an odd
feeling. Every time he caught her eyes, she did something resembling a
double take. He was at a loss as to why. It was rather bizarre she
agreed to play so quickly. Blinking, he remembered his eyes flashing
red in the mirror.

He decided to perform an experiment, to see if his suggestion carried
more weight with her when she was looking straight at him...

"You really should discard the ace of spades," he suggested the next
time she looked directly at him. He knew she had the card, she seemed
to know he wanted it. A slight blank look was followed by a light nod.

The next card she dropped was the requested spade. Tommy's jaw
dropped as he picked it up, making a winning meld. She looked somewhat
disgusted, displeased she'd dropped the hand so foolishly.

"um," he caught her eyes again. He struggled for a way to take
advantage of this odd behavior. He felt he could almost see the red
glow reflected in her pupils, "how about we play strip rummy?"

She shook off the enticing pull. Then she looked at the cards.

"I, I think we should stick with regular rummy. My boyfriend wouldn't
like it. Your Mother wouldn't approve." She couldn't understand why
the suggestion was so intriguing. She really didn't think it was a
good idea to feed his obsession of her.

He again drew her eyes to his own...

"You really want to look more deeply at my eyes," he whispered, 
audible enough she would hear him, but not loud. He tried to sound 
like that guy in the Dracula flick, the one with seductive hypnotic 
powers. He figured seduction needed a deeper voice.

"I, yes. Your eyes are very deep..." She had blanked over. She was 
lost in the hazy red pools she saw.

He was amazed. He remembered reading about hypnosis. Suddenly he
could do it to Lisa. She put up only the mildest resistance. What had
the restrictions he'd read about this been? Who cared, as long as he
could control Lisa now. He really wanted to get her out of those
clothes.

"When you look away again, you will forget your boyfriend."

"I'll forget Roger, yes. yes." She nodded without taking her eyes off 
him.

He grinned, internally knowing she was really under some kind of
spell. A spell he cast in some mysterious manner. How was beyond his
understanding, but he wasn't going to through away a perfect
opportunity...

"You needn't worry about Mother. She'd be happy to know you like me."

"Yes. Happy." Lisa was entranced, her normally sweet voice somehow 
without any fire to it now.

"You'd like to play strip rummy with me." 

"I'd... no, no, it's wrong!... I would like..." she tried to shake her
head, but remained locked on his eyes.

"You'd like to play strip rummy with me," he reiterated.

"I'd like to play strip rummy with you," she conceded, seemingly
surprised at her own reluctance a moment earlier.

"When I look away, you'll still do as I say, won't you."

"Yesss." Her eyes remained blank, transfixed upon him.

He glanced away, giving her a moment to catch her self awareness 
again. She snapped to pretty fast, and picked up the cards as though 
this was entirely her own idea.

"Okay, here's the way it'll work," she said smiling, "every won hand 
is one piece of clothing, right?"

"Sounds good to me." Tommy just grinned, knowing he was about to see 
wonders about Lisa he'd only dreamed of before. He wondered about 
those nipples poking the fabric of her halter. He longed to just strip
her down, but it seemed better this way.

"You deal," she said.

Soon the first hand fell to Tommy. Lisa, without hesitation, pulled
off a shoe. The second hand was Lisa's, he lost a shoe. Next was his,
then another. Soon she was down to her halter and jeans. Only in his
pants remained for Tommy.

As the next hand fell to him, Lisa blushed. Considering what to 
remove, she decided the jeans were next. She stood up. Tucking her 
thumbs in the waist of the jeans, she pulled them out a bit and 
unbuttoned them. Then she undid the zipper, sliding the tongue down 
slowly, watching Tommy's reaction. 

She pulled out one incredible long leg at a time, showing the sleek
muscles she'd developed running, displaying the sweet curves her of
her calves to great effect. Tommy's eyes followed the luscious form
up to the pink panties, wisps of curly hairs peeking out the edges.

"Like my legs?" She asked. 

He nodded. He reached out to touch the legs, but she slapped him away.

"Hey, this is a looking game, not a touching game."

Pouting, he sulked a moment, then realized he controlled the rules.
He could change them anytime he wanted. He decided to wait, those
bound up breasts were just one hand of Rummy away. He enjoyed the
slow method of getting her down to her bare skin.

"You deal," he said.

He lost this time, shedding his pants, leaving only white underwear.
He felt a little embarrassed since he didn't know what girls liked to
see, but he was determined to continue.

The next hand was his. Paradise would soon be revealed, those bounding
boobs were to come out of the suggestive halter at last.

Lisa stood again, turning her back to him, peering over one shoulder.
She was very slow in finding the bow knots for the bottom of the
halter. Then with one hand holding the clothe still in place, she
undid the bow knot behind her neck.

She turned, arms holding the covering in place. She grinned and pulled
it away.

"Wheee!" she squealed with the sudden release of her well rounded 
tits. She was wildly enjoying stripping, his suggestion settling into 
her as her own idea.

Tommy couldn't help but stare now. This was as close as he'd ever been
to real live naked tits before. The knobby little nipples were erect 
from the sudden chill and the flesh was rolling a little with Lisa's 
movements. She shook them a bit, just to watch his attempt to follow 
the motion.

"Take off your panties too," he said.

"Oh no, the game's not over yet," she replied.

"Yes it is. Take them off."

"I, no, I..." She turned around again, struggling with herself. His 
control settled in place and she responded as commanded.

Again she hooked thumbs in the waistband, and this time carefully slid
panties down her legs. Her round bottom was exposed, showing itself
in a heart like shape as she bent down. A handful of the curly hairs
from her groin were visible at the slight crack in her legs while she
was bent over.

"Wouldn't you like me to help you get off?"

"No. I think I should get dressed again and watch the News." Tommy
thought how silly it had been to let her make any decisions. He should
know better. How was he going to take her?

He thought of all those letters in his magazines upstairs. What did 
the women say they liked? Maybe she could fill in the right feelings 
if he only just got her hot...

"You feel pretty horny. You need to get off, don't you?" Lisa began to
sway a bit. Her eye hazed over a little. Differently this time though,
as if the distraction came from within, rather than from him.

"Ohhh," she muttered... "aaaah, ahhhh."

"You really want me to touch you, ask me to touch you."

"Oh Tommy. I can't do that, I,..." she shuddered with her own internal
heat. Her eyes closed, she tucked her chin against her right shoulder.
"Tommy, you better help me. I need you to touch me."

Tommy grinned. He reached forward for the slightly sweaty girl flesh
before him. His hand touched the previously forbidden breasts,
bringing a sudden jolt to the sitter before him. She opened her eyes
real wide, then closed them as she leaned forward into his palm.

He could feel the erect flesh, imagining it vibrating against his
hand. In wonder and awe he worshiped the two breasts with his hands
and lips, never having the chance to touch real tits before. He
stroked the soft pillowy mounds with great awe, to touch a real
girl's tits. It boggled his teenage mind.

Lisa shuddered with each caress. The contact was electric, every touch
a spark of arousal. Her body was becoming glossy from her sweat. He
stopped, certain he'd just wet the floor if he kept at it any longer.

"You will now go down on me. Take my prick in your mouth." He'd read 
about this in the magazines he had hidden. Now he was going to feel 
the touch of her lips. He shook with nervous anticipation.

"I don't want that in my mouth, Tommy." She remained resistant to his
commands. He was struck deeply. Why wasn't she doing as ordered?

He vaguely remembered something about people not doing things under
hypnosis they wouldn't do conscious. He tried to think of a way around
it. Slowly, an idea came to him.

He remembered spending one evening day dreaming of her blowing him
after watching her suck on a popsicle. She had sucked it in and out,
teasing the ice treat with her tongue. He might have the solution to
get her to go down.

"Kneel before me." She dropped to her knees, he stood, only above her
now because she knelt. He held his prick and directed her attention to
it, "you see a popsicle, juicy sweet popsicle, it's your favorite
flavor. You want to suck the popsicle, reach out and hold it, it's
not cold to your hands."

Lisa brought both hands up to his cock. They wrapped around him, 
tightly, too tightly.

"Ah, you need to hold this popsicle gently," he worked in, "you can
get more juice from it if you lightly squeeze up and down the
popsicle."

"Oh my." Lisa appeared fascinated with her tasty looking treat.

"Now for fun, we'll call this popsicle my prick, got it? But you know 
it's really a popsicle."

"I'm holding your prick."

"Would you like to suck my prick?"

"Very much, I like cold juicy pricks." She slipped her lips over the 
tip of his cock, slowly sucking him into her mouth. Heavenly, was the 
first thought in his mind. "mnnngffh!" she slurped.

She worked her tongue around the head of his cock, the same way she 
licked the popsicle. Her lips, a soft pink-red, puckered over the tip 
again and again.

He began to work in and out of her mouth, harder as she licked the 
cock he'd convinced her to suck. Suddenly, he could feel his heat 
rise, the pull of her mouth was too much. 

"AhHHHhHHH!" he grunted out. "OH YES!"

The orgasm pulsed from his groin to the tip of his cock. He felt a 
flow of semen push into the girl before him. She swallowed, juicy 
liquid refreshing her with an imaginary ice flavor she alone knew.

She continued to suck.

"You can stop sucking my prick now."

"But it tastes so good," she said, licking again. The continued 
contact brought out additional stiffness he didn't expect. Usually 
when he played with himself while looking at the magazines, his prick 
went limp and stayed that way.

"You can lick it for another moment or two. Then you will get real hot
for me to enter you."

"Oh, I don't...., yes, it would be real nice to have you inside me," 
she acknowledged. Her tongue continued to wash his cock clean, 
catching every drop she believed she'd missed.

"Lie down for me," he said, "Show me how you masturbate."

She stretched out on the rug, looking enticingly at him. He could feel
his own desire rising again within. He knelt beside her, watching her 
fingers, work into her cunt. One hand was playing with a nipple, 
pinching and pulling, rolling the darker pink flesh. She tried to lick 
her own nipple, successfully, sucking it into her own mouth.

"Ohhh yesss," she mumbled a moment later, allowing her head to toss
to the side then back again.

He moved between her widely spread thighs, and worked himself above 
her. She continued to masturbate, playing with the red swollen lips as
furiously as possible. Her hips began to roll, swaying with the lust 
she apparently felt.

"Help me inside you Lisa." He tried to pose his cock at her outer 
lips, but had no idea where the actual opening was. Lisa reached for 
his prick, and guided him into the snatch she offered up now.

He plunged into the soft hole. The tight moistness was exhilarating.
He would probably come immediately if he hadn't only just come in her
mouth. She worked up a heaving rhythm against him, bucking so quickly
he found it difficult to stay in her.

"Oh god, Tommy, I feel so fucking hot. Fuck me, Tommy, Fuck me."

But he did. Her twat, by now very wet, fit around him nicely. He 
pumped in unison with her motions. Her movements becoming more and 
more frantic.

"Ahh, Ahh, YESS, YESS, YESS!" she squealed. Her orgasm came quickly.
She slammed her fists against the floor with pleasure and release.

He could no longer contain himself, the pumping motion she made was
easing back, settling back from the pleasure. But his heat flooded
his body now.

His groin clenched tightly, pumping seed deep within the babysitter.
The pulse was strong, almost a cramping of the muscles as the semen 
poured through his cock into her body. 

He collapsed atop the helpless girl, unable to hold himself up any
longer. She panted, he gasped from the exercise, he almost didn't
hear the click at the front door.

A quick glance at the clock showed it wasn't even 8:00 yet. What was 
Mom doing home now! He knew Mom would be really angry when she saw 
the two of them.

"I may be horny, but that goddamn octopus can go hang!" came a ragged 
and angry snarl from the front hall. 

Tommy scrambled to get his clothes, Lisa still lay supine, arm across 
her eyes. She hadn't heard a thing. He grabbed for his clothes 
quickly, but not in time...

"TOMMY! LISA!" screamed his mother. "Young man, there had better be an
explanation for all this..."

Her face was clenched into a look of outrage. She was obviously not 
pleased. Her eyes burned with anger beyond whatever indignities her 
date had levied upon her. 

"You slut!" this directed at Lisa. "I thought I could trust you with 
my boy. He is only a boy! You shouldn't do this with him. And you, you 
little fool.... Sex is a powerful emotional act, something you would 
be best wai... "

Then she met his eyes. 

"...ting for... until you..." Her voice faded away. Her face went
blank, the same response Lisa had had. A long pause occurred.

At last he realized he could control his mother as well as he had 
controlled the babysitter. She was entranced. 

"Mom," he said, with trepidation. Lisa was one thing. Turning her into
a sex toy was just living out a fantasy he was familiar with. Mom 
though, she was in charge of his whole life. He wasn't sure this would
work on her. But damn, after seeing her decked out tonight, so pretty.

"Yes Tommy," came the flat response.

"You really want to love me, don't you?"

"Yes Tommy."

Lisa had looked up, somewhat surprised. She was concerned how Tommy's
mother responded to her temporary ward. It wasn't quite natural. She
knew Tommy had taken his mother over. Lisa pondered a moment then
decided she couldn't have Tommy's mother telling people she'd screwed
a kid. She now hoped Tommy would succeed.

"You want to have sex badly don't you, a lot recently?"

"Yes Tommy, it isn't the same since your father passed away." Her 
voice droned, almost asleep. 

"You want it to stay in the family. You want me to make love to you 
now."

"No Tommy, no. It's not right for a mother to do that with her son, 
no." Her head tried to shake as she spoke. Her eyes remained locked on
Tommy's though.

"You want it to stay in the family. You want me to make love to you 
now." The tone in his voice became more commanding. Her pupils 
dilated. She began to nod.

"Yes. I want you Tommy. I want your touch."

"Good idea Mom. It'll be entirely your idea when you think about what
we do. When you snap out of it, you'll feel very horny. Lisa's here,
but you don't really care, do you?"

"No. Lisa seems to be your lover. I don't mind that she's here," she
droned.

"Good," he walked over to her. Cautiously, without taking his eyes off
hers, he felt his mothers breasts through the fabric of her blouse.
The nipples rose, hardening under his hand. "My touch will be very 
arousing, you'll want more of it as we get going."

"Ohhhh," she moaned, eyes remaining locked to his.

"You'll do whatever I command you. Even when I'm not looking in your 
eyes, understand?"

"Yessss," her body swayed, anxious for contact with her son's hands as
they took liberties with her private parts. Her breath was becoming 
more regular, a rhythm of desire and arousal growing in her.

He looked away from Mom's eyes. They rolled up, eyelids fluttering in
response to the sexual fires growing inside of her. He started to part
the blouse, opening to allow himself a better view of her lovely white
breasts.

His mother gasped as he touched the exposed skin. He unsnapped the 
front snap of the bra she'd worn, an interestingly sloped article 
angling down from the shoulders. Her breasts fell free, their weight 
forcing an ever so slight sag.

He suckled at the erect nipples. He felt Mom pull his head closer, she
was lost in her sensations. A thunk sound signalled her purse hitting 
the floor. 

Behind him, Lisa stood up gracefully, uncertain whether to leave or 
stay to watch Tommy and his mother. Tommy heard the motion and pulled 
back.

"Lisa, come over here. Help me undress Mom. You will join us."

Having her mind made up for her, she moved swiftly to his side. She 
began to undo the skirt Mom was wearing. Mom's eyes opened in 
surprise, but quickly hazed over again as he touched her breasts 
again.

Tommy eased Mom's blouse over her shoulders, allowing it to drop. 
Carefully, having never really handled a bra before, he eased the 
undergarment off too. His mother stood, anxious for attention, with no
more than her heels, stockings, and panties remaining to cover her.

He shook a little as he pulled closer to Mom. His lips met hers, the 
soft plush moistness felt wonderful. She responded, slipping her 
tongue past his lips and teeth. He discovered the pleasant joy of 
locking his tongue in combat with hers. 

He drew back. 

"Come," he said, taking the sitter and his mother by the hand. He led 
them into the middle of the room. "Lie down, let's get comfortable."

"Good idea," Mom answered. 

His prick, entertained so well already by Lisa, had risen to its
stiff form again. He sat astride Mom's lower abdomen and began to
feel her creamy breasts, rubbing his prick in between.

Tommy slid his prick between his mother's tits, lubricated now with
the sweat of her arousal. Mom's face tilted forward, tongue licking
at the tip of his cock whenever it slid far enough towards her lips
to catch. The contact from her pink tongue shot jolts of sexual 
pleasure through his groin.

Tommy felt the clenching of his muscles. He started to come. His 
mother tried to catch his jism in her mouth, but some of it splattered
over her chin. Tommy grunted again, and started rubbing Mom's nipples.

His mother rolled at his touch. Lisa, kneeling to the side, looked 
confused. She watched, uncertain what to do.

"Why don't you lick Mom clean, Lisa," he directed.

Lisa hesitated. Then she bent down and started to clean Tommy's mother
off with her tongue. 

"You like Mom a lot, Lisa. You think making out with her would be 
cool. Mom, you want Lisa to join in the fun. You'll do whatever you 
can to help get her off."

Mom started to respond to the administrations Lisa provided. She 
pulled Lisa's oval face with it's perfect pink-red lips to her own. 
The two women smeared the remaining semen between them, tasting each 
other's heated lust.

Tommy, feeling spent, pulled back to watch. He sat up on the couch. 

Mom worked herself out of the panties she'd worn. Then she rolled to 
her side, pulling Lisa down beside her. Lisa allowed herself to be 
pulled into Mom's arms, her full breasts rubbing against the pair Mom 
displayed so well.

The two women started to grind against each other's legs and groin. 
They had become a rolling mass of writhing women. The rhythm picked up
as they began to pinch and pull at each other's nipples. 

"Mnnng!" "AAHH!" "OOhh yess..." the moaning was impossible to assign 
to either of them. Then Mom began to come, and it was apparent finally
who it was that screamed. She shook her head about wildly, gritting 
her teeth with the pleasure of orgasm. 

The babysitter was suddenly overcome by orgasmic pleasure as well, 
thrashing about recklessly, the girl's loose hair seemed to be 
everywhere. 

They pulled into each other, holding tight after the sexual fury. Both
coming down together, in each other's arms. 

Tommy was pleased with his new ability. He'd never need to masturbate 
again with Mom here to service his needs. He grinned. Lisa would be 
visiting a lot more often too. 


			Tommy Takes Charge 2

Tommy awoke from the couch and rubbed his eyes. The first thing he noticed
was Mom and Lisa still in the middle of the room where he had left them.
It wasn't a dream...both women were fully naked and tightly wrapped in each
other sleeping, in a peaceful embrace.

The last thing Tommy remembered was telling Lisa to help Mom get off.  When
he'd curled up on the couch to watch the fun, he must have fallen asleep
and so did they.

It was 5 am now, time to do the chores. Tommy went over to his clothes
where he and Lisa had played Strip Rummy, but Tommy stopped. It was a warm
morning and he and his Mom lived on the small farm his Father had left them
when he died. It was quite rural, it was not yet light, no one was around,
and he had never been outside without any clothes on before.  It was Friday
and the school bus didn't arrive for another 3 hrs, and there were some
things he wanted to ask Mom about, so to save time he decided to just do
the chores nude. He looked in on the 2 women, and let them sleep Lisa's
head resting on Mom's beautiful tits.

Tommy went outside into the warm morning, it was a weird sensation feeling
the air around his prick and ass. The soft dirt of the yard squished
between his toes. Tommy felt himself itching and when he got into the barn
and turned on the light, he noticed his prick was covered in a shiny stiff
glaze.  He shrugged and picked up the feed bucket.

He made sure that Blackie, their young pony had water and gave him a fresh
bale of hay and a bucket of oats, then ne let the sheep out into the
pasture and fed the other horses.

As he approached the house, Tommy smelled bacon. Curious, he walked
in. There was Mom in her pink satin robe by the stove cooking breakfast,
Lisa was still asleep and still nude.

"Mom?" Tommy asked

Mom turned with a smile which quickly melted .

"WHAT are you DOING NAKED young man! You know better than THAT!"

Tommy was taken by surprise.

"Mom, don't you remember?"

Mom reached out and caught his wrist and Tommy felt her hand swat his bare
ass.

"Mom! STOP!!!"

Tommy stood there in his Mother's grasp. Tears welled in his eyes from the
sting on his ass and he waited for the next swat, but nothing happened.
Tommy opened his eyes, tears rolling down his cheeks, but his Mother stood
there, a blank expression on her face her one hand raised while the other
held his wrist

"Lemmego!"

He fell as she opened her grasp. Tommy wondered what was going on.  Then he
remembered, of course she didn't remember last night, he told her not to!
But he HAD told her to obey him, even when she wasn't looking into his
eyes.

Tommy rubbed his ass, the red outline of Mom's hand there. Apparently
outside of his commands she would react normally. He moved in front of Mom.

Tommy looked up.

"Look at me, Mom!"

Mom turned her head, her pretty red hair falling over her shoulders, When
here eyes met Tommy's glowing red eyes, her expression grew more serene and
her mouth dropped open.

Tommy moved forward to kiss her, pushing his tongue into her mouth as she
had shown him how to do last night, and was rewarded with her own tongue
gently massaging his. Then she gently began to suck on it and Tommy felt
the glaze on his prick crackle as he got stiff again. With surprise he
noticed his Mother had the same glaze around her mouth. Tommy broke the
kiss.

"What ya makin' for breakfast?"

"Bacon and scrambled eggs, juice and toast" she replied, immediately
smiling and going back to her cooking.

"Mom, from now on when we're alone you won't care if I am naked"

Mom frowned, "Tommy, you CAN'T go around naked. It's not right"

Tommy sighed, there was that resistance again.

"Mom."

She looked at him, again and with a more firm voice he said "The animals
don't wear clothes, and when were alone it's o.k. if I don't want to wear
any."

Mom seemed to think about that a moment, then nodded and went back to her
cooking.

Tommy started to tell Mom to make him chocolate cake for breakfast but then
thought better of it. She was an adult and knew a lot of things he didn't;
if he changed that someone was bound to find out and stop him. He had had
far too much fun last night to allow that to happen. So he said nothing.

Mom served breakfast. Still 2 hours for the bus

"Mom, why don't you take off that robe?"

"Tommy!

"Stop talking like that or I'll wash your mouth out with soap."

Tommy sighed again. He had asked her; he had to get used to his new found
power.

Tommy again made eye contact.

"Mom, it's very warm out, you'd feel much cooler if you took your robe
off."

Mom loosened her collar and began to fan herself as Tommy watched her eat,
and munched on his bacon.

"The heat is really up," he said.

Tommy watched with a smile as Mom slid the robe from her shoulders and as
he suspected she was naked as a jay bird underneath, at least what he could
see; the table hid her bottom half. But her wonderful full tits were in
Tommy's full view.

Tommy stared at her as he ate, and she seemed to take no notice.

"Mom, why do women have tits, and men don't?"

"Mom smiled, "You'll find out when you're older"

"Mom..tell me NOW."

Mom seemed to consider this, fighting it. Then she said, "You do have
breasts, Tommy, just not as big."

"Why not?"

"Because men don't give milk."

"You give milk? like a cow?"

Mom frowned, "Tommy a woman is not an animal...but all mammals give milk.
Remember when your cat had kittens?"

Yea," said Tommy, "You wouldn't let me watch"

"Yes. Remember how the kittens nursed?"

Tommy nodded, "Did I nurse from you when I was a baby?"

Tommy watched his Mother close her eyes and sigh, her breasts losing some
of their sag.

"Yes, Tommy."

Seeing an opening, Tommy moved around the table to gently ran a finger over
his Mother's nipples.

"Did it feel good?"

She nodded.

"Mom...tell me about sex. You enjoy telling me. You want to tell me...and
show me...I want to know what to do with Lisa."

Mom got up without a word. Tommy looked between her legs and beneath the
soft red fur he saw the soft opening he had put his prick into on Lisa.
His Mother took his hand and went into the living room where Lisa slept.

Tommy smiled.

"Lay on the couch. Your arms feel like lead. So do your legs. You're just
too tired to move..."

Mom laid down; Tommy opened her legs for her and gazed at the soft fleshy
mound.

"What is this Mother?" he said, feeling the thick lips with his fingers.
He was satisfied to hear his Mother's voice go up some and see her stiffen
as she had when he had suckled on her tits

"That's my vagina Tommy...and that feels.....um..VERY nice."

Tommy smiled "It's not your pussy?"

Mom frowned again.

"That's vulgar, but some people call it that."

"Mom, you just forgot you ever heard the word 'vagina' and you forgot the
words 'breast' and 'butt'. You can use any other words but not those.  Now,
what is this?"

Mom started to reply. Her eyebrows grew together.

"It's...my...twat. Yes, that's it. My twat. Or you can call it pussy if you
like."

Tommy was getting harder as he heard his Mother say this.

"So the whole thing is a 'vagina'?"

"A what? No, it's a pussy," she closed her eyes as Tommy ran his fingers
along the outside of the thick lips, "and those....are my labia, or lips...
they are VERY sensitive."

Tommy grinned again.

"Show me where I put my prick when we have sex."

Mom raised her arm very slowly, like it was heavy and she spread the lips
brushing the red hair out of the way. Tommy noticed Lisa had awakened and
was kneeling next to him, his hand went to her black hair and he began to
run his fingers through it.

"There are two passages Tommy, one I pee through."

She pointed to the back of her pussy, then her finger came near the front
and slipped in a short ways and lifted, Tommy could see a small pink
passage way with a small nub of flesh on the top.

"This is where you put your cock"

Curious, Tommy reached out and slid his finger in. Another finger rubbed
the nub of flesh and Mom gasped, almost as if in pain.

"What is it?" Tommy asked, suddenly concerned.

"That is my clitoris, Tommy. It's what makes me orgasm, like the head of
your penis."

"My what?"

"Your penis" She replied, pointing to Tommy's erect prick.

"Mom, Lisa, you just forgot the word 'penis'."

Lisa nodded, adding helpfully, "It's a Popsicle."

Tommy smiled. He had told her that when he needed her to think that so
she'd suck on it.

Mom looked at Lisa, puzzled.

"It's a cock."

Tommy interrupted, "What is below my Popsicle, Lisa?"

"Your balls, Tommy"

Mom tried to get up but couldn't.

"DON'T use those words in front of my SON, you stupid slut! That's his
scrotum and his testicles."

Tommy smiled and soon Mom forgot those words as well.

"Mom, I have to get ready for school. Lisa, do you have classes today?"

"No, Tommy," she replied, "I have a long weekend planned with...planned
with..."

Tommy smiled, he had told her to forget her boyfriend, Roger.

"Planned with me right?"

Lisa frowned, then nodded slowly.

"Yes, that was it..."

"Good.

"Mom, my cock looks like a really good breakfast vitamin. Suck it."

Mom hesitated and said, "I can't, Tommy. That's disgusting. Your father
used to want me to do that."

"You feel light now Mom, and you remember how nice Dad tasted."

Mom bit her lower lip, then leaned her head into her young son's lap.
Tommy put his hand on the back of her head as he felt her warm slippery
lips engulf his cock and she began to nurse.

"That's good, Mom. Imagine you're a baby, nursing at your Mommy's tit."

Tommy smiled at Lisa.

"Lisa, are there any pornography shops near college?"

Lisa looked disgusted and nodded.

"You've always wanted to go into one..."

Lisa looked up, snapping, "No, I haven't!"

Tommy caught her eyes with his again. She melted into the bliss of those
red pools and Tommy grinned.

"Deep down it excites you. You are very curious about those shops aren't
you?"

Lisa nodded slowly, almost in a dream.

"Good. Today while I am at school, you will go there, I want you to pick
out some naughty books and magazines for me, the ones that you really
thought used to disgust you. Buy them with some money Mom will give you..."

Tommy trailed off as his Mother's face pressed against his thighs. He felt
her tongue slip out to caress his balls as she cleaned off the glaze. He
noticed her own pussy was dripping the glaze.

"Aaaah! Lisa...finger Mom...."

Lisa moved over and slid her finger into Tommy's mom, gently working it
back and forth. Tommy leaned over to watch but his vision was obstructed by
Mom's fur down there. Tommy felt himself nearing the edge and pushed his
Mom's face down on his prick and held it there. His belly clenched again
and be felt his cum surge into his Mother's mouth.

Mom sucked on it steadily. Tommy enjoyed how she seemed to pretend he was a
straw. Finally he let her up.

He had Mom and Lisa kneel in front of him, both staring into his eyes. He
could see their pert nipples were aroused; had them spread their knees so
he could get a better look between their legs but again that damned fur.

"This is how you will kneel when we're alone. Mom, is there any way to get
rid of the hair between your legs?"

Mom answered in a monotone, "We could shave it, Tommy."

"No, no. I mean so it won't ever come back?"

Mom did not answer.

"Lisa?"

Lisa also replied as she looked up into his eyes.

"We could pluck them out by the roots...but that would hurt."

Tommy smiled; he was hard again as he began to dress for school.

"No it won't...it will be worth it...you and Mom want to make me happy.
That will make me happy. Now about the pornography shops...Lisa go there
and get what I asked. Mom will give you money. You have a video tape
machine right?"

Lisa nodded.

"Good. Bring it here, and get some videos too."

Tommy smiled at his Mom "Neither of you will talk about this. You won't
even remember it. You'll just do it."

The women nodded and Tommy broke eye contact.

The two women silently got dressed. Mom made Tommy's lunch and smiled at
him, brushed his hair and sent him out to meet the school bus.

"Have a nice day at school, Tommy! Don't forget your sister is coming home
for the weekend!"

Tommy paused, and smiled.

"O.K. Mom..I love you!"

Mom smiled back.

"I love you too, Tommy."


			Tommy Takes Charge 3

Tommy got on the bus, and smiled as his mother waved good by to him in her
robe. As the bus pulled out he quickly found his friend Paul and sat next
to him.

"Guess what!" Tommy smiled.

"What?"

"Remember Lisa?"

"Your sitter?

"Yeah?" Paul replied brushing his short brown hair out of his eyes

"Yeah, well I got in her pants!"

"NO WAY!"

Paul grinned.

"You make her bark like a dog?"

Tommy wasn't familiar with the expression but it sounded interesting.

"No, stupid."

"She got great nipples or what?"

Tommy smiled, "She's got more than that. I fucked her..."

Paul laughed.

"Right!

"IN your dreams!"

"No, really!"

Paul laughed loudly; Tommy could barely hear his own voice. Paul could sure
be obnoxious.

"No Listen to...Paul...Paul, STOP!"

Paul stopped and regarded him.

Angry Tommy glared at him.

"If you don't want to believe me just go jack off!"

Tommy turned to stare out the window. The ride was bumpy, but he smiled at
the next stop when Melony got on. Melony was the on the school gymnastics
team. She was a looker, clothed in tight jeans and a pink leotard, brown
hair swaying down to her ass; she was also as stuck up as they come. Many
were the afternoons Tommy had watched her workout on the uneven parallel
bars, imagining what lay beneath the narrow pink crotch of her body suit.

Tommy waved at her, and she just rolled her eyes.

Tommy wondered about that. Why hadn't she stared into his eyes dumbstruck?
Was it the distance? Something about the way she looked at him?

She was carrying an armload of books. Tommy was about to lean over and
whisper to Paul about her ass when the girl behind them started to scream.

Tommy turned, startled.

Paul had his prick out in his hand was was pumping away.

"Damn!

"Paul, STOP!"

Paul stopped, looking confused with his and around his cock. The bus driver
arrived before Tommy could say anything else.

"That is enough, young man!" the elder man yelled, reaching over Tommy to
grab Paul's arm.

"No, wait!"

Tommy yelled back, desperately trying to catch the driver's eyes; the
commotion on the bus was to much, he couldn't even be heard.

Paul was dragged by the arm to the front of the bus, big tears in his eyes
and mumbling "What's wrong?"

At the school the bus driver disappeared into the school with Paul.

Tommy felt miserable. He remembered telling Paul to jack off. He must have
been looking into his eyes when he said it. He would have to learn to watch
that.

He did not see Paul in his first class and on the way to the second he saw
Paul's mom and dad outside the principal's office. He was about to talk to
them when they walked into the office.

Tommy got an F on his spelling test in the next class, and a note to take
home to Mom. He'd be grounded for a week. Paul finally showed up in their
3rd class, History.

"What happened?" Tommy asked.

"I got grounded, and I have to see the school shrink. I don't know what the
big deal was..."

Tommy thought about trying to undo what he had done. As he thought about it
he realized that if he kept doing things hit and miss he was going to get
found out. Besides, Paul wasn't in that much trouble and maybe he could
make it up to him in the future.

After class Tommy went up to his teacher, Mr Alden, to try something.

"Mr. Alden?" Tommy asked.

The big man looked up with a slight smile.

"Yes, Tommy?"

Tommy looked right into the man's face and waited for his expression to go
blank.

Mr. Alden sat back a moment and regarded Tommy. Frowning, he leaned forward
and was about to speak again. Tommy saw the man raise his eyes to his
pupil's and the instant he looked into Tommy's eyes his face went slack.

That must be it, Tommy thought.

It seemed natural to look at someone without looking them in the eye, for
casual conversation; if Tommy made it obvious he wanted to look into the
other person's eye, or if the conversation centered on him, people would
make eye contact; that's when he could make them react.

Tommy looked away, breaking eye contact.

"I just wanted to know when the next assignment is due."

"Not until Wednesday, Tommy." Mr. Aldern replied happily as if nothing had
happened.

At lunch Tommy sat with Paul.

"You gonna be in a lot of trouble?"

"No," Paul replied, "they just talked to me about sex and stuff...you know
how parents and teachers don't want to talk about it..."

Tommy nodded.

"Yeah. My mom's cool about it, though."

Melony walked by and Tommy got up, planning to get her attention. Instead
he ran into her older brother, David

"Hey, Dickhead. Watch where you're going and keep your stinking eyes off my
sister!"

David slugged Tommy hard in the stomach.

"Or you might have an ACCIDENT or something."

Furious, Tommy looked up with an effort, searching for David's eyes. As the
older boy's eyes glazed, Tommy fought to regain the wind which had been
driven from his body.

"Speaking of accidents, David, you feel the need to piss right now."

Without another word David's pants began to wet and urine ran onto the
floor.

"What the...?" David exclaimed, looking down at his mess. Glancing over
Tommy's shoulder, he paled and turned to run to the bathroom.

Tommy turned to see the cafeteria turning to stare; no one was close enough
to have heard the conversation, but children are drawn to a fight as sharks
to blood in the water. They did not yet understand why David had run from
the smaller Tommy.

Tommy quickly departed. In the hall he saw David crying in the arms of one
of the female teachers. Tommy smiled and left.

The afternoon passed slowly. After the last bell rang, Tommy snuck into the
gym to find his hiding place. High in the bleachers he could watch Melony
work out with out being seen.

Melony was just younger than Tommy, her chest only bumps compared to Mom
and Lisa, but he watched. She practiced the splits, holding her leg beside
her head, and Tommy watched that small pink strip. Gone were the jeans, and
the body suit hugged her form. Her feet and legs were bare.

Watching her, Tommy thought about what awaited him at home. He would have
to stop giving the two girls ideas as they came along. He wanted to have
them use their minds, not just sit like dolls...well, SOMETIMES sit like
dolls. But how to make them WANT to do the things he wanted and yet still
look normal to everyone else.

What happened to Paul was proof that if he ever got caught he'd be in big
trouble. And how could he get Melony...She would be his trophy, his display
piece.

Mom had said women are not animals. Hmmmm...animals.... Tommy began to
think.

Tommy got back on the bus. He had his plan. If it worked he'd be able to
control his mom and his sitter in a way so that they would be their sweet
charming selves, but still delight his every fantasy. When he got home it
would be at least a few hours before his sister, Holly, got home.

Tommy ran from the bus stop and burst in "Mom!? Lisa?!"

He stopped short, unprepared for the sight that greeted him.  There in the
front room were both women, totally naked with not a hint of hair around
their exposed genitals. The sight of the smooth fleshy pink lips locked
Tommy's gaze. Both groins were a deep red where the hair had been removed
by the roots. Mom was on her back, and Lisa was on top of her eagerly
licking at Mom's pussy.

Beside them was not only Lisa's VCR but a tripod, video camera, and a stack
of tapes. About half of the tapes were blank, the other half with naked
women and men on their covers. There was also a pile of magazines and
strange items which Tommy failed to recognize.

"Lisa!

"What are you doing!?"

Lisa looked up, a tired expression on her face.

"Getting your mom off....doing anything she wants"

Tommy stared at the two sweaty women as his mother smiled at him.

"How was school, Tommy?"

That first night Tommy had told Lisa to get Mom off any way she could.
Tommy sat down, his heart racing.

"Mom, Lisa, look at me."

Both woman sat up, smiling. In a moment the smiles faded and Tommy moved
closer, staring at them. It seemed the longer they stared the deeper the
trance.

"Listen carefully to me."

They both nodded slowly, Mom still panting.

Tommy considered a moment.

"Mom, what would the neighbors say if they saw us fuck?"

She responded in a monotone, "They would call the police"

"And what would the police do?"

"They would take me away...and lock me up."

"Would you want that?"

Mom shook her head slowly no.

Both women's eyes were locked with his.

"Lisa," he grinned, "what would happen to you?"

"They would lock me up..."

"Yes," Tommy responded, "you would lose everything."

Lisa nodded slowly.

"Do you want that?"

Both woman shook their heads no.

"Good. We might get found out; you don't want that so you won't do anything
which might risk our relationship, right?"

Both women nodded. Tommy moved closer, pulling up a chair.

"Kneel!"

Both women knelt.

"Spread your knees really wide."

Both women spread their knees, giving Tommy an excellent view of their
puffy warm lips.

"Put your hands on your knees, palms up.  You're very, VERY comfortable in
that position. In fact, you could stay like that for hours without
tiring. All the furniture feels picky and itchy...even the bed...and only I
can make it stop itching."

Again both women nodded.

"Lisa, Mom, you both know Blackie, our pony, don't you?"

"Yes," they answered, dreamily.

"Why did we get Blackie?"

"To stud," Mom replied.

"Tell me, does a mare have a pussy?"

Two nods.

"Do mares have tits?"

Two more nods.

"And do mares have mouthes, eyes, and breath air?"

Two nods.

Tommy took a deep breath, crossing his fingers that this would work,
getting closer and staring right into their eyes.

"And you both of you have all that?"

"Yes."

"What is a brood mare for?"

The girls droned as one, "To fuck the stud."

"And what are women for?"

There was a long silence.

"Women are JUST like brood mares."

The two women still struggled. Tommy reached out and caressed one nipple on
each naked breast, watching the women gasp at his touch.

"They...are...to...fuck the stud."

Tommy smiled.

"I am the stud."

The two girls nodded.

"Your job is to arouse me, to do things I will like so I will take interest
in you. When I am not near you you will keep getting hornier and hornier
but you won't do anything without me."

The girls nodded.

Tommy decided that was enough for now. He had heard that repeated
suggestions made them stronger, but he broke contact.

The two women smiled.

"How was school, Tommy?

Tommy smiled and gently caressed Mom's tits.

"Mom, I can see your naked pussy."

She smiled, "It's not my pussy , Dear. It's yours."

He felt Lisa working his shirt off him, gently kissing his ear.

"What have we here?"

Mom began to remove his shoes as he picked up a magazine. On the front
cover it had a woman, a white rope tying her arms behind her back and a bar
held her legs spread. Her tits were wrapped around and around with rope
till they were dark swollen globes.

"What is this?"

Lisa leaned over, a smile on her face.

"It's bondage. Do you like it?"

The next page showed a man holding the lips of the woman's pussy open
showing the passage his mother had showed him this morning.

"It's interesting. Why did you select this?"

Lisa smiled and leaned close.

"I thought we might, you know, tie your mom up...  would you like that?
Then she couldn't tell you what to do."

Tommy grinned. The next page showed a man taking a woman but he was not in
her pussy, he was in her ass.

"Lisa, bend over and show me your ass."

Tommy was surprised when Lisa not only bent over, but spread her cheeks.
Tommy regarded the hole...he had not thought to try that.

"O.K."

Lisa sat back down.  Tommy had to stand as Mom unzipped his pants reaching
in to feel his stiff erection.

Tommy picked up a small package. Inside was something like a finger for a
glove.

"What's this?" he asked.

Mom leaned forward to caress his exposed nipples.

"It's a condom," she replied, "so you won't get us pregnant."

Tommy's head reeled.

"Pregnant!?

"You mean that's how a woman gets pregnant?"

Both women grinned and nodded.

"Lisa, did I make you pregnant when we..."

"There's a chance Tommy...I didn't think of it but it's about that time."

Tommy's eyes grew big.

"I...I didn't know. I'm sorry!"

Lisa looked at him oddly.

"It's O.K. I just didn't think of it."

Tommy was almost limp as the two girls began to lick at his toes.  He
reached for another magazine. He opened it and was again shocked to see it
contained nude pregnant women.  He flipped through a few of the pages and
as he did so his erection grew again. As he got used to them he discovered
he liked how the swollen bellys looked...then he looked at Lisa...and his
Mom.

"Mom, you've always wanted another daughter."

"No, Tommy." she exclaimed.

Tommy caught her eyes, restating, "Mom, you WANT another daughter."

Tommy was surprised by the strength in her voice.

"No, Tommy. That's too much responsibility."

Tommy tried again.

"Mom, you won't get pregnant."

"Yes I will, Tommy. I'm in heat like a mare."

Tommy couldn't think...he had not yet had his mother and she looked VERY
nice with ho hair down there. Then he got an idea.

"Mom, you're getting sleepy, very sleepy."

Her eyes drooped.

"You can't stay awake, you're going to go to sleep and you won't wake up
till I tell you to"

Tommy watched his mother topple over, her tits hanging to one side.

Tommy smiled again.

"Lisa, you wanted to tie Mom up? Let's see how well you can do it!"

Tommy sat back to watch the fun.  Lisa quickly selected first a locking
leather dog collar.

"Here, Bitch. You want to fuck your son...do it like the bitch you are."

Tommy smiled as she locked the collar snuggly around Mom's pretty throat.

"I like it when you talk like that, Lisa."

Tommy thought Lisa would orgasm right there at the compliment.  Next she
grabbed a ball gag and pressed it between the slumbering woman's lips,
locking it to Mom's face. Then Lisa dragged Mom to the center of the living
room.

There were six columns there that supported the upper floor. Lisa made a
slip knot and slipped the loop around Mom's wrists and ankles. Appendage by
appendage she drew Mom into a tight spread eagle position. Tommy knelt down
between his mother's legs to eye that curious fleshy mound that held his
interest so much, realizing he had the whole weekend to experiment and play
with his new toys.

Lisa busied herself tying Mom's tits while Tommy curiously spread her soft
lips. The passage she had shown him was still there, only the whole thing
had a much more erotic effect without the hair. He felt he had taken away
the last of her privacy, exposing her completely. The inside was moist and
soft and as he played with it, she moaned through the gag. Tommy noticed
her feet, stretched taught as Lisa had tied her he had never considered how
sexy nude feet were.

Tommy ran his hand down his mother's lower belly, following the curve
around to her pussy, and then over that. He felt so naughty and for once
Mom wasn't going to stop him.

When Lisa finished she had looped six turns of the rope around Mom's
breasts and they were now quiet stiff and tight.  Tommy ran his hand over
them. Much firmer now that the blood had been squeezed to the nipples.  He
smiled at Lisa.

"You can pleasure yourself with her...just so long as I have her pussy."

Lisa removed the ball gag and straddled the unconscious woman. Lisa pulled
the lips of her own twat apart and lowered herself onto his mother's face.

Tommy, now very excited, tried to picture how Mom would look pregnant. He
leaned forward and felt his head press past her thick smooth, naked lips.

Lisa slid back and forth, washing Mom's face, as Tommy slid his stiff
erection all the way into his mother. Later he would get her to accept
doing this but for not he just wanted to do it, while she was still in
heat.

Tommy began to thrust his young hips. His mother was not as tight as Lisa
but the warm slippery flesh clung to his cock. His belly pressed to his
mother's. Lisa's pretty, heart-shaped ass in front of him.  She turned
around as he watched her and brought his face to her tit. Tommy sucked the
nipple into his mouth, slavering his tongue over the girl's flesh.

Tommy bucked harder into his mother, his cock swallowed by her belly.  Lisa
stroked his hair as he rocked into the helpless woman beneath her.  Tommy
felt the now familiar tightening and suddenly his cock spit out the cum
into his mom.

Tommy chuckled.

"I came out of there...guess what, Mom..I'm HOME!"

He groaned as the thought caused another pleasant surge of seed into her
womb.

He heard Lisa orgasm on Mom's face and held his softening erection inside
his mother.

"Is...she pregnant...now?" he panted.

Lisa looked at him and smiled, kissing him on the lips and allowing his
tongue to explore her mouth. When they broke she said, "You don't know
right away, it may take a few times."

Tommy smiled.

"That's not a problem. We've got a LOT of time."


			 Tommy Takes Charge 4
			       His Sister

Tommy lay on his mother for a few moments catching his breath.  He laid his
head on her tits, slippery with his saliva and her sweat. Lisa sat in front
of him, on Mom's face, working that wonderful thing between her legs over
Mom's nose and mouth.  Lisa was working up her own sweat, and Tommy
realized neither woman had taken a bath since he had started playing with
them this morning, and he had lathered both up rather well all day.  Tommy
put that out of his mind as he snuggled up to Mom. His length was soft now,
but still buried somewhere deep inside Mom's tummy, the warmth of her folds
was pleasant, and the feel of the bare girl flesh on his was relaxing. As
he pillowed his head on Mom's breasts he looked up at her hands. The ropes
bit deeply into her wrists from when he had bound her spread-eagled on the
floor on her back. He locked his hypnotic eyes on her, telling her to
sleep.

Tommy giggled, realizing he still needed his Mom, that he was not mature
enough to know how to be an adult. From now on HE would put the women to
bed, not the other way around.  After a while Tommy lifted himself up,
feeling himself slip from his mother's mound and sat back to look at it
again. A bit of his cum dribbled out on the soft naked lips. Mom would
never wear hair down there again. She had gotten rid of it permanently,
pulling each hair bout by the root as Tommy had asked...Asked?
Commanded. Tommy smiled again as Lisa worked herself harder over his
unconscious mother, her moans filling the house. Tommy reached down and
rubbed the fluid that had dripped out of Mom over her mound, again amazed
at how soft it was.

He couldn't figure out why he couldn't make Mom WANT to try and make a baby
with him but it didn't matter. His mother moaned in her sleep at his
gentle, curious touch; Lisa echoed it as her mound pressed over Mom's open
mouth.

"I'll figure it out later," he thought, "I have all kinds of time. So long
as I can put Mom out, she can't stop me anyways."

He smiled and tried to picture Mom with her belly swollen in however long
it took girls to have babies.

Lisa's moan brought him back to reality and he sat on the Lazy Boy to
watch.

"You're really getting off on that, aren't you, Lisa?"

Lisa blushed a deep shade of red as she said, "Tommy, you told me you
wanted me to."

"Yes, but I mean you REALLY like it."

Tommy sensed he had hit on something here, something more than his control
of his babysitter.

"Tommy, I...I know you're making me do this. I don't know how, or why I
like so much doing it for you, but I know I normally wouldn't."

Tommy grinned and she instinctively looked into his red eyes.

"Tell me the truth. You wouldn't do this unless you thought you could get
away with it."

Slowly Lisa nodded. Tommy released her from his gaze and turned to the
stack of magazines, the ones Lisa had bought at his bidding.  He noticed a
small pile in a brown paper bag. Lisa followed his eyes to the bag and
blushed again.

Tommy picked up the bag, noting that his mother's hair was becoming soaked
in Lisa's juices as she lay bound and asleep.  Slipping the magazine from
the brown paper, Tommy saw four women on the cover; two were licking each
other while the other two urinated on them.

"Lisa!

"Is THIS what I told you to buy?"

Lisa froze in terror. Tommy recognized the look, it was the same one he had
worn when his father had caught him using lunch money to by cigarettes.

"Tommy, I...I'm sorry..."

Tommy smiled. This was not his doing, it was something deep and dirty
inside Lisa.

"Lisa, I will make you a deal."

She looked at him, her beautiful pussy resting comfortably over Mom's nose.

"You help me with Mom, make me hard as often as you can, I mean become a
real fan of my body, and I'll give you a present."

Lisa looked confused, torn by her desire. She was being asked to submit to
Tommy not only because of his will but freely as well.

Tommy moved closer, gently running a finger over his babysitter's warm,
sweaty breasts and watched her lean into his caress. She looked directly at
his small boy's cock.

"Tommy, I don't..."

Tommy leaned down to his mother's ear.

"Mom, you're dreaming about kissing me. Please kiss me."

Lisa groaned as his mother's lips found Lisa's pussy and she began to kiss
with her tongue as she had done for Tommy.

"You see, Lisa, I can make things very pleasant for you."

As Lisa considered, Tommy could see the pleasure in her. It was a serious
consideration.

"I'll have you anyways..."

"Okay, okay.

"Tommy, you win...you have me...just PLEASE don't tell her to stop!"

Tommy giggled.

"I wouldn't think of it. I'm going to go play with my Sega. Do what you
like with Mom but don't hurt her."

- + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + -

It was getting late. Tommy had let Mom up after Lisa had finally slaked her
lust. Then he'd gone over to Paul's house to play.  Before he had left,
Tommy had gone over to the pile of leather goods and found a soft locking
leather collar.

"Well, Lisa," he had said "If you're going to help, here is your reward."

With that he locked the collar about his mother's throat.

"Mom, you want to do anything Lisa asks. She looks real pretty and it
excites you like having sex when you obey her. I put you on a leash because
you like following her like a puppy; you don't mind it at all."

Mom had resisted but Tommy's gaze had bested her.

It was almost time for his sister, Holly, to get home when he returned. Mom
now wore a silk robe that only barely covered her ass, while Lisa had
donned a leather bra and panties she had bought from the sex shop. They
both wanted to do something special for Tommy.

Mom heard the door close and heard the soft voice of her 14 year old
daughter.

Lisa hid her approving smile when the young, brown-haired girl with doe
eyes walked through the door. She stood only half a head taller than Tommy
where Lisa could rest her chin atop Tommy's head and his mother's nipples
were right at his eye level.

Holly stood in a typical Catholic school uniform: a black sweater over a
white blouse, a green plaid skirt, black socks and black high gloss pumps.

Holly stopped, a bit shocked when she entered the room. There was a
peculiar smell, not really unpleasant, but odd. Her mother stood, dressed
for a slumber party, accompanied by Tommy's babysitter in a leather bikini.

"Mom, what's going on?"

Mom answered, smiling brightly, "Come in honey. We have something to
explain to you."

Holly walked in, her long brown hair nearly sweeping the floor as she
walked and sat down next to her mother.

"What is it? Why are you dressed that way?"

"Honey, do you know what sex is?"

Holly blushed, nodding meekly; that was a forbidden topic in school.

Mom went on, stroking her brown hair.

"I think it's time for your sex talk, darling."

Holly grinned, she knew this was coming some day, but this was totally
unexpected.

Lisa sat on the floor next to Holly --- for some reason all the furniture
prickled --- and gently began to caress Holly's leg.

"Have you any questions?" Mom asked.

Holly considered.

"Well...what IS sex anyways? I mean what's the big deal? I mean I know it's
what makes babies..."

Mom smiled and hugged he daughter's face to her breast.

"Holly, sex is the most wonderful feeling in the world."

Holly was so surprised she barely noticed Lisa's hand up her skirt nor her
mother's hand down her back on the inside of her blouse.

"Are you still a virgin, Holly?" Mom asked.

Dumbfounded, Holly nodded.

"Of course..."

Suddenly, Holly was very aware of something between her legs. When she
looked down, Lisa's hand was gently caressing her sensitive pussy lips. She
stiffened but her mother's gentle voice went on.

"That's good. I am proud of you. Since your dad died...I need your help
with Tommy."

"Tommy?" she asked, "Why? Is something wrong?"

Holly could feel Lisa's fingers shooting hot flashes up her groin and
squirmed a little.

Mom smiled.

"What I am going to ask you, I am going to ask because you're so mature. Do
you know the difference between a man's body and a woman's?"

Holly blushed.

"No, not exactly..."

Holly's voice trailed off as Lisa's teasing fingers danced. Mom smiled.

"I want you to go to your brother, you and he will take your clothes
off...and then he will show you the difference."

Holly couldn't believe her ears.

"You WANT me to take my clothes off?"

Mom hugged her warmly so that Lisa could duck her head under the girl's
skirt.

"Honey, sex is nothing to be ashamed of, and it's not easy to make babies,
I know what the nuns taught you but, well, I believe they were wrong."

Holly felt Lisa's tongue. Suddenly half of her wanted to pull away, but the
other half.... She had seen Tommy's bare chest, and remembered how exciting
he looked. and Mom said it was okay.

Holly heard the door slam. Tommy walked across the kitchen and into the
living room.

"Okay, Mom, what do I do next?"

Mom smiled and kissed her on the lips, a very unmotherly kiss that left
Holly dazed and even more aroused. Lisa withdrew thinking how easy it was
to excite the child's hormones.

"Why, whatever he wants, dear," was Mom's reply.

- + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + -

Tommy sat down in the chair, considering his sister's fate, when suddenly
she was there, sweeping into the room.

"Hello, Tommy."

"Holly, I..."

Before he could go further he was surprised to see her begin to unbutton
her sweater and toss it aside.

"Ever seen me naked before?"

Tommy's mouth dropped open, then he saw Lisa wave from the other room and
sat back smiling.

"No. Would you strip for me?"

Holly blushed, beginning to get nervous, looking at her mother who nodded
encouragement.  She slowly unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it off her long
slender arms, revealing her training bra. Then she moved over and began to
undo Tommy's shirt with trembling hands. Tommy never moved, allowing her to
take it off. which strengthened Holly's resolve.

"If he can do it, *I* can do it," she thought, wondering why Tommy wouldn't
meet her gaze. "He must be embarrassed."

Tommy felt the touch of her warm hands as they moved to his belt.  She was
as curious as he had been. He stood while she tugged his jeans down and his
cock sprang out. She stared at it as if it were the Python from The Jungle
Book.

Tommy, used to his mother and Lisa reached over and undid the bra,
releasing his sister's small breasts, as he leaned over Holly he pressed
his cock to her face, and felt her warm cheek.

Holly felt it. It was hard, but not like iron or stone. She looked up at
her naked brother. She was beginning to get really nervous, but stood, clad
only in her skirt and shoes. Tommy smiled and for now, knelt and removed
the shoes and socks. His hands went under her skirt to her waist.

"Tommy, please...I think I want to stop."

Tommy leaned forward and began to lick at her small nipples. Making eye
contact for just a second he spoke quietly.

"Pull down your panties."

Holly let the cotton panties fall around her ankles, looking at Tommy's
discarded Underoos, with their pictures of Kimba the White Lion all over
them.

Tommy stepped back, pulling on the buttons of the skirt.  It fell away and
Tommy smiled at the soft mound he had revealed. It was snow white, with no
hair growing on it yet, her ass was firmer than Lisa's.

Lisa trembled.

"Please, Tommy, stop. This isn't right. Something is wrong with Mom."

Tommy chuckled as Lisa led Mom passively all the way into the room by her
new leash.

Holly looked at her brother.

"Tommy?"

Tommy smiled and held up an identical collar and leash.

"This is for you, Holly."

She turned to run but Mom intercepted her.

"Please, Mom, what's going on?"

Mom smiled gently down.

"Tommy knows what he's doing. Trust him."

Holly turned seeing no escape.

"Put your hands behind your back, Holly," Tommy said.

Holly did so, and Tommy took a small length of her own hair and tied her
hands behind her back.

"Kneel."

Holly again did so, and he used more hair to bind her ankles. and then
twisted up some hair and pushed it into her mouth, tying it there with more
hair so she wouldn't talk and disrupt him.

Grinning, he knelt behind her.

Mom cautioned him, "Don't make her pregnant, Tommy."

Tommy laughed. Mom and that pregnancy thing.

"Lisa, take Mom outside and play with her."

Once alone Tommy looked at his captive.

"I will take your mind later. Right now I want your body..

Moving closer, Tommy began to work himself into his sister's body.

"I been reading up on stuff. Is it almost time for your period?"

Holly nodded.

"Good. By god, you're tighter than Lisa."

He pushed a bit harder and saw her small nipples stiffen.

Then he came up against her virginity, for she had known no other man
before him. It was almost too easy to push past it: she winced a little and
then he was through. His rhythm was steady and he allowed her to climax
once before he pumped his own orgasm into her body.

"That's 3 notches for my bedpost," he announced, grinning.

Remembering something, he called in his other women.

"Mom, what was that in the picture where the guy put his dick in a woman's
ass?"

"An ass fuck, Tommy? Did you already fuck Holly's pussy?"

Holly could not believe the language her mother was using.

Tommy nodded.

"Well, Tommy, why not try her. She has you wet and hard, and you have her
ass available..."

Tommy regarded it, The pucker of Holly's ass was MUCH smaller, but he
stepped up. When he shoved his head in, Holly gave a very arousing
grunt. Smiling Tommy began to feed her more and more. It was amazing how
tight it was. He finally got himself in completely, and then pulled back, a
pleasant suction being created. He grinned as he felt Lisa begin to lick
his balls from behind, and Mom straddled Holly, pillowing her head on her
tits. Tommy began to buck hard. having just orgasmed he could take his
time. He listened to his sister grunting, he was not sure if it was pain or
pleasure, but he knew he liked this, and he still had two more days of the
weekend left.

To his right the video camera was running, having captured Holly losing her
virginity. he smiled as he climaxed in the young, tight anus, the squeezing
giving him an interesting sensation. Slowly he pulled out after he was
satisfied. He regarded his cock and then looked at Holly's remaining virgin
orifice

Smiling he lifted her head and said, "Holly, look into my eyes."


		      Tommy Takes Charge 5
		     Melody Brought to Heel

The evening went by quickly for Tommy. He taught Holly how to suck his
cock; as he felt she was a little over weight that was all she was to be
given to eat all weekend. At bed time, Tommy put his girls in their new
clothes.

Tommy gave them thin leather cuffs, each with a wire running inside the
leather.  Because it made them look so nice Tommy used cuffs at least one
size too small and made them fit on each girl's wrists and ankles.  Lisa
had bought cuffs with integral locks.  Tommy locked each on, and flushed
all the keys down the toilet, together with the keys to their dog collars.

Next Tommy made a small bed for each at the foot of his mother's bed, on
the floor.  As he made each girl lay down, he again looked between each of
their legs and began to realize he was thinking of the women more and more
in terms of their pussies. Mom was not Mom, she was just a loose pussy,
Holly was the tightest and his babysitter, well she was just his first
crush.  After examining their cunts, Tommy leashes each woman to the bed,
binding Holly's and Lisa's ankles and hands behind their backs and using
his hypnotic stare to put each of them to sleep. Mom he just put on a
leash. His cock was limp and he gently rubbed it against her cheek.

"Tommy, that's filthy, and I haven't had a bath in four days."

Tommy grinned.

"Yeah, and you smell like a whore, Mom."

Mom looked angry.

"Mom, I'll set an alarm for you. Tomorrow when you get up I want you to
wake me up with a blow job."

"Tommy, this has gone far enough. Your cock is dirty, you haven't washed, I
don't want it in my mouth, and if you keep having me swallow your cum, I
may get sick. I saw you with your sister, you DIDN'T use a condom, you
could get her pregnant"

Tommy smiled and said, "Mom, I am going to knock all three of you girls
up. I am doing my best to GET you pregnant."

"Tommy, women are not animals...you can't care for a baby, and we can't
AFFORD a baby, let alone three, and a boy is not supposed to make his
mother pregnant. I don't want to suck your cock."

Tommy smiled. Bound as she was, Mom could no more enforce her will then she
could stay awake if he told her to go to sleep. Tommy knelt down and stared
into his mother's eyes.

"Mom, women ARE animals, specifically they are breeding animals."

Smiling, Tommy got an idea.

"Mom, your are a brood mare. For the rest of this weekend you will not
speak, you'll whinny. You'll prance about on all fours and you will not
bite or kick; you're a tame mare. We humans can do anything we want. Now in
the morning, when you hear the alarm you will nuzzle and suck on my cock
till I cum."

"I will nuzzle and suck on your cock till you cum," she repeated.

"Now go to sleep and wait for the alarm. I am going to dress you women up
and take some videos of you. Maybe I can sell them. Your bed is on the
floor with the rest of the animals. I'm taking your bed."

Mom laid down and went to sleep. Tommy got out some of the things Lisa had
bought. The women were unconscious and bound; Tommy could play with his new
dolls.

Lisa was first, He flopped her over onto her belly and spread her tight ass
cheeks. There her pink pucker nestled. Tommy became hard just looking at
it.

"Lisa, I have been neglecting you," Tommy said to the sleeping woman in his
hands.

He chuckled when he poked her anus with his finger, watching the muscles
twitch. Slowly Tommy moved up, his balls dragging nicely along the backs of
Lisa's legs and he pushed his head against the pucker.  Lisa did not
move. Grinning, Tommy pushed his weight into the helpless
babysitter. Pulling back on her hair he could watch her face.

Lisa winced slightly as Tommy drove in. His eyes darted between her face
and the stretching anus that was swallowing his erection. Tommy chuckled
when he worked all the way into her and heard her grunt. Then he began to
thrust, not gently like with Holly, but quickly. Lisa's hands were bound
tightly behind her back, and Tommy could feel them against his belly as he
drove in.  He was getting better at this, and didn't feel the need to
orgasm right away so while he was busy in her bowels he reached over for
the strange leather bra he had selected for her, Strapping around the
sweaty girl he saw how Lisa's nice tits poked thru the holes, and as he
tightened it, he could see how over time it would cause her breasts to
swell.

Lisa grunted in her induced sleep with each of Tommy's thrusts.  Looking at
her tits getting redder and noticing Lisa's hands and feet being red, he
felt the now familiar pleasure wash over him. This time, for the first time
he looked down and watched his cock as it pumped his seed into the
babysitter.

When he finished, Tommy moved his sister to his bed, and tied her spread
eagle, nice and tight just like he'd tied Mom. As she lay there on her back
exposed, Tommy smiled and probed her mouth with his tongue, strapping a bra
on her as well. Then he went out to the barn where Blackie was, stroking
the pony he removed the bridle from it, and brought it in and placed it on
his mother, adjusting the straps. Then he video taped each woman, in close
up, concentrating on their pussies, and in Lisa's case the cum dripping out
of her ass.

Then Tommy pulled out what he had been waiting for: three chastity belts.
For Lisa he selected two vibrators, implanting one each into her pussy and
ass. Turning them to maximum he held them tightly in place with the locking
belt.  She moaned in her sleep.

"That will wear you out until the batteries do," Tommy chuckled, rising.

For Mom he chose the two biggest dildoes, one for her cunt, the other for
her ass. She too was locked in her chastity belt.

Tommy regarded his helpless sister. He had not explored her mind
extensively yet. He released her and woke her up.

She blinked, shaking her head. Her breasts were swollen and very sensitive,
the nipples standing out very obscenely. Tommy held the leash to which she
was attached.

"Tommy?" she asked nervously.

"Come on girl," he said, whistling to her like she were a dog.

Holly didn't want to obey but found herself following.

"Heel," Tommy said forcefully and she fell in step with him, one step
behind and to the right.

"Tommy, please...I'm scared."

"Don't be scared," he replied "I am going to make you pregnant, not hurt
you."

"Tommy!" she yelled "Tommy you're only twelve, and I am only fourteen."

"Down!"

Tommy pointed to his feet where there was a silver dog dish.

Holly knelt. In the dish were dry, oblong, green-brown chunks of something.

"Hungry?" he asked, his eyes flashing a moment.

Holly found herself famished.

"Tommy, is that...."

"Yep," Tommy grinned, "Dog food. I tried some. It's not so bad and it's
cheaper than eggs and bacon and stuff that I will be eating. Now come
on..."

Tommy grinned as she bent over and began to eat with no hands.  He stroked
her ass gently, casually looking at the way her pussy lips pressed between
her closed thighs.

"Open your legs," he commanded.

"Tommy..."

"OPEN THEM!"

She quietly spread her knees and Tommy rubbed a finger over her thick lips
back there, watching in pleasure as her nipples pressed harder into the
leather bra.

"How do you like your bra?" he asked.

"It's hot," she complained.

"Good. I like to see you sweat. You have a very pretty body. You're going
to bear lots of children for me."

"Tommy, I am your sister."

Tommy nodded as she finished her dinner.

"Yes, you are."

Tommy walked out to his Sega, Holly following at the end of her leash.
Before playing he locked eyes with Holly.

"Holly, you worship me...you adore me. You'd do anything to please me. I
want you to come up with your own ideas on how to please me. I will screw
you when I am pleased so you just show me what you got, anything we do will
be YOUR idea, and your fault if anything happens, so you best not let
anyone know."

When he broke contact Holly looked up at him nervously, then without a word
began to lavish his feet with her tongue. Tommy sat back and played Sonic 2
while his sister suckled his toes.

After finishing the game, Tommy tied his sister back to the foot of the
bed. The rest of the weekend was just like that. Lisa waking up near
exhaustion as the vibrators screwed her at night and Tommy took her by day.
Mom woke up every morning and woke her son with a blow job. Usually she
found Holly spread eagle with dried cum between her legs and in her mouth.

- + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - +
-

Monday morning Tommy allowed the women to give him a bath with their
tongues, and then had them shower and dress for work or school.  None of
the women could remove their collars or cuffs so they became part of their
"clothing". Tommy told his mother to withdraw Holly from the Catholic
school; it was time to home-school her. Then Mom went to work.  Lisa was
told to have an intense hatred of any males who made any advances on her
except for himself, that included Roger. And Lisa went to classes. Holly he
left chained to the stove by her ankle, naked. Her job would be to cook and
keep the house clean, very clean.

Tommy went to school. He began to drop hints, or what he thought were
hints, to Paul. It would take a while to work him up to meeting Tommy's
girls. Tommy kept an eye out for Melody, but it seemed she was spending the
week at a cheerleading camp. Tommy made up for his disappointment by
screwing each of his girls harder every night.

At breakfast after another fine weekend with his women, a weekend which had
been extended by power outage Sunday night, Mom set Tommy's plate down and
said,"Tommy, I feel a little sick this morning and so does your sister."

Tommy figured that just meant the dog food would last longer; Lisa ate
heartily from her bowl on the floor. Tommy and his harem were startled by a
knock on the door. Tommy ordered them into robes and Mom answered the door.

Tommy listened from the kitchen as he heard the door open.

His mother shouted, "You damned bitch! Get out of my house! Get out!"

Tommy charged into the front room to see his mother, red-faced screaming at
another woman standing just inside the door. The newcomer looked
surprisingly like his mother. Her hair was the same, though worn more
stylishly and her eyes were the same, though with fewer age lines around
them. Her black skirt was slit to the thigh and she wore black high heeled
shoes. Her white, cashmere sweater hugged her curves more than anything
Tommy had ever seen his mother wear.

"Mom, settle down."

Mom was silent, taking a step backwards. The stranger looked from her to
Tommy and back again.

"Who's this, Mom?"

"Tommy, I don't want her here."

The woman looked back to Tommy, smiling. Tommy's stomach lurched. He had to
be careful.

"Mom, I asked who she is."

Tommy's hypnotic suggestions took hold and his mother answered, "That's
your aunt Barb."

"Aunt Barb? I didn't know I HAD an Aunt Barb."

Tommy saw his mother's anger boiling to the surface again. He placed a hand
on her shoulder and said calmly, "Mom, we can't turn away family."

"I supposed you're right," his mother's replied.

Aunt Barb's surprise filled her face as Mom turned to her.

"You can stay for a little while. Don't you dare make trouble, though or
you're out of here."

Mom stalked off to the kitchen and Aunt Barb stepped into the living room.
Tommy was not sure if it was an accident, but she leaned forward as she
spoke to him, affording him a view of her ample cleavage.

"You must be Tommy," she said.

"And you're my Aunt Barb?"

"Call me Bambi. All my friends do."

"Bambi? Like the deer?"

She chuckled.

"Yep."

Tommy was getting nervous. With her deep-cut sweater he didn't even think
to look into her eyes. He had a lot of questions but the school bus was
coming and he had plans for Melody. Bambi would have to wait.

"See you later, Bambi."

- + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - + - +
-

At school Tommy went straight to Melody, taking the seat next to her in
first period.

"Hi Melody. How was your trip?"

She gave him an icy glance "Look, leave me alone."

"You have a nice ass...and your going to show it to me."

"What!" she shouted, shocked by his nerve. Before she could say more, the
bell rang for class.

All through math Melody glared at him. Tommy carefully avoided eye contact.

He caught up with her out in the hall after class let out.

"Melody..."

She wouldn't look at him.

"Melody, I am going to put you on a dog leash and bring you to heel."

Melody spun, her arm outstretched but Tommy ducked her slap.

The smile froze on Tommy's face as a strong hand reached around him from
behind, grabbing a handful of his shirt and turning him around. A punch to
his stomach doubled him over. The hold on his shirt did not let go, pulling
him forward into an alcove and out of sight of the teachers monitoring the
hall.

Fighting to breathe, Tommy was hauled straight and looking into the face of
Melody's current boyfriend, Dale. Dale exercised most of his limited
vocabulary to threaten the smaller boy.

"Listen you little shithead, you stay away from my..."

Dale's face went blank as he locked gazes with Tommy.

"Dale, you're thirsty, very, very thirsty. You need a really big drink,
don't you? Of course you do. Why only a drink from one of the toilets will
satisfy you. Go ahead, Dale, get a good, long drink from one of the toilets
in the bathroom and remember, I was the one who made you do it. Get out of
here."

He smiled as he watched Dale charge around the corner and into the boys'
room.

Tommy thought for a moment in the empty hall, trying to remember. Then he
had it and hurried down to the art wing. Throwing open the door he saw
Melody holding a brush in one hand studying the canvas in front of her.

He walked up to Melody and grabbed her. She looked at him, mouth agape but
again Tommy avoided eye contact.

"I will see you naked on your knees before me."

Before she could react further, Tommy kissed her, using his tongue as Mom
had taught him.

Mr. Dean, the art teacher lifted Tommy off the floor, breaking the kiss.
As he was carried from the room he watched tears roll down Melody's face
and thought how much sexier they made her look.

He sat in the principal's office as his mother was called.  Mom heard the
principal's name and the suggestion Tommy had planted clicked in. She
arranged to meet and speak with Melody's parents at Tommy's house.

Tommy was sent home. With Holly's help he prepared the video recorder for
the evening's festivities. He hid it so he could record the fun in kitchen.

Just after five Mom got home. At six Melody and her parents arrived. Mom
led them into the kitchen.

Before they were even seated at the table, Melody's father began.

"Do you have any idea what your son did?"

Melody's mother, her face prematurely wrinkled with frown lines, placed a
hand on his shoulder, trying to calm him.

Holly stood waiting as Tommy's mother suggested she take Melody upstairs to
play so the adults could talk freely and take care of Tommy. Melody's
parents looked relieved as their little girl left the room.

"Well, Tommy?" his mother said sternly, "What do you have to say for
yourself?"

All eyes turned to Tommy. Smiling he saw Melody's mother's and father's
faces go blank.

"I say Melody is a problem child. She is much older than she seems. You
know it's healthy for a girl her age to have a playmate like me?"

The three adults at the table nodded.

"It was just play. Melody is quite happy, and you know I think if you leave
her here it would do her a lot of good."

Again the three nodded slowly.

"Now, don't the two of you have to get home and make love. You couldn't do
it while Melody was around, could you?"

Melody's parents nodded again.

"Good. Why not go home," Tommy said, "and fuck on the front lawn."

Quietly they got up and left.

Tommy smiled. He wanted to take Melody without mind control the first
time. He got up and started toward Holly's room where Lisa had been waiting
to surprise Melody.

He got no further than the living room. The T.V. was on and his Aunt Bambi,
who he had forgotten about was sitting there, the picture on the screen was
the now empty table. He had left the camera connected to the T.V.!

Frantically he moved to lock his eyes with his unknown aunt.  But she was
obviously warned and closed her eyes, but to Tommy's amazement, she knelt
before him.

"WAIT! PLEASE, Tommy! MASTER!"

Tommy blinked.

"Tommy, I am your aunt, and I want to be your slave."

Tommy was too astounded to move.

"Look, you remember your mother was so upset.  Have you asked her why?"

Tommy glanced at his mother, then back at the woman kneeling at his feet.

"Mom? Why do you dislike Aunt Bambi so much?"

Tommy felt his mother struggle but slowly she spoke.

"Your father...our wedding night. Your aunt seduced him."

Tommy looked at Mom, shocked.

"She seduced Dad?"

Mom nodded but Bambi spoke.

"Tommy," she said, unzipping Tommy's pants, "I will let you use your power
on me, but I want to help you with these women."

"Why?" Tommy asked as he watched her pull his pants and underwear down.

"I believe the natural state of womankind is kneeling before a man, used
for his pleasure, not hers, punished for the slightest infraction and to
make babies. I came here to seduce you, to show my sister I could have you,
too.

"You need someone to help you, an adult...I will be your headwoman, in
exchange for making me your slave."

Tommy was grinning as the woman before him began to undress slowly.

"I, too, like women. That is why I became an OB/GYN, a woman's doctor.
You'll need my help if you want to make the young one upstairs pregnant."

"You know about that?" Tommy asked, fear again coloring his face.

Bambi smiled and pointed to Tommy's tape collection on the floor "I had all
day. You have been a very busy man."



			    Tommy Takes Charge 6
				Mom in Heat

Tommy marveled at his aunt as she knelt before him, offering him more than
he had ever expected. She was shaped just right, so much like Mom...

Tommy was young, but not to young to know that when things look too good to
be true they often are.

"Bambi, look at me."

The woman looked into Tommy's eyes and her own quickly glazed.

"Tell me the truth. Are you trying to trick me?"

"No, Master," she replied.

Tommy was surprised but tried not to let it show.

"Bambi, you will never betray me. You'll be my loyal slave, but you can
never tell on me, and you must always protect me."

"I must always protect you."

"And you'll always do as I say."

"I will always do as you say."

He broke contact with her. She blinked and smiled at him.

"What about Mom?" he asked.

Bambi smiled.

"Oh I have plans for her.... With your permission, of course."

"Sure. What do you need from me?"

"Keep her from struggling."

Tommy smiles and looked at his mother.

"Mom, you can't move. You are locked in place except as Bambi wants you to
move."

Mom stood stock still. She still wore the black business suit that she had
worn to work. Meeting with Melody's parents meant she couldn't change as
she normally would have. Her hair was pulled up into a French braid on the
top of her head giving her a certain elegance.

Tommy's eyes left his mother to watch Aunt Bambi remove her clothes. The
white cashmere sweater went over her head and a quick zip left her skirt on
the floor. Her tits were firmer, higher than his mother's, the nipples
reaching out for attention. As she wiggled out of her thin pink panties
Tommy noticed that she kept her sex naked just like the other members of
his harem. Watching her show Tommy thought how great an addition Aunt Bambi
would make.

After she had stripped Bambi walked up to his mother and squeezed her
breasts through the black business suit she wore. Mom's eyes went wide.

"Bambi, stop it!

"Stop it right now!"

Rather than stop, Bambi gave her sister a big, wet kiss and grabbed her
cunt through the skirt and squeezed it.

"Tommy, stop her...please, Mmmaster..."

Mom's protests were cut short as Bambi again mashed her mouth against her
sister's lips.

Bambi stepped back, slowly peeling the dark jacket off her sister revealing
a white silky blouse with a high collar. Tommy could see the outline of the
dark leather bra Lisa had bought. As she now did every day she had worn it
to work. Tommy smiled at her erect nipples poking proudly through the holes
in the bra. Suddenly he wondered whether she had worn the suit coat all day
to hide her sexy underthings. He would have to do something about that.

While Tommy thought, Bambi slowly unbuttoned the blouse and the pulled it
off his mother revealing the leather bra and locked collar that she wore
underneath it.  With a flick of her wrist Bambi let down her sisters hair
so that it flowed down around her shoulders.

"Oh, Master, she looks wonderful," said Bambi, running her fingers along
the tight leather collar.

Tommy was going to tell Aunt Bambi that she would get one soon, too, but
his mother interrupted.

"Stop...please...stop..."

Bambi, ignoring the pleas, unzipped Mom's skirt and let it fall to the
floor revealing a pair of nylon stockings that were held in place by a lacy
black garter belt.  Tommy's mother wore no panties!

"Bambi, don't you touch me! Stop it!"

"Sister, dear, you are so sexy without any panties. I'll just bet every one
at your office wants to taste this."

With that Bambi knelt, spreading Mom's knees with her hands and Mom's cunt
lips with her tongue. In a second she had found her sister's clit and a
ragged moan rose from Mom's throat.

Before Mom could get too excited, Bambi stopped. A look of consternation
crossed Mom's face, then shame. Tommy found the second look extremely
exciting. Just as she started to protest again, Tommy had an idea.

"Bambi, give me your panties."

His aunt retrieved them from the floor and handed the damp cloth to Tommy.
As Mom took a deep breath to continue pleading, Tommy popped the panties in
her mouth. Her diatribe became muffled and then, as she realized the
futility of her pleas and orders, it died down.

Bambi smiled and then lay Mom down on the floor. With a sneer she placed
the sharp, stiletto heel of one of her shoes on Mom's forehead. Tommy found
the gesture oddly exciting.

Without further ado, Bambi grabbed an armload of video equipment and left
the house. Tommy had no idea what she was doing until the monitor in the
living room came to life showing a view of the large mating stall in the
barn. Bambi smiled and waved into the camera as she moved about making
some sort of preparations.

When Bambi returned to the house she popped a fresh 8 hour tape into the
recorder and punched record. Lisa had bought the equipment from the college
studio. The camera could track and zoom remotely.

Bambi helped Mom to her feet, openly copping a feel. She then led her out
the back door with Tommy in tow. Bambi bent Mom down on a padded bench she
had placed in the center of the stall.

"Well, Sister dear," Bambi said saucily, "While I satisfy my stallion in
the house, you'll get to satisfy yours right here."

Mom began to scream into Bambi's panties but could not move. Tommy watched,
fascinated by this idea.

Bambi was thorough, tying Mom tightly to the bench. She had been ordered
not to move, but what was coming might get a little rough. Hence her wrists
were attached to the legs of the bench in front of her and her legs spread
and tied to the back legs. Mom was secured to the bench on her belly.

Bambi knelt between her sister's legs and began to poke and prod.

"What are you doing?"

"Examining her."

Bambi took an instrument that they used in mares, a kind of periscope and
inserted it into Mom. She peered in with a light.

"Has your mother been feeling sick in the mornings?"

"Yes. Is she going to be all right?"

"Fine, she is just pregnant.

"Has she had any dates in the last month or so?"

"Only with me," Tommy stated, grinning widely at the news.

"Then you're going to be a daddy, Master."

Mom had been struggling throughout the examination, straining to move away
from her sister. When she heard the news she collapsed against the bench.
When she saw which cupboard Bambi was opening she willed herself to
struggle again.

Tommy looked at the can in Bambi's hand. The label read "Mare In Heat". It
was used for milking stallions for artificial insemination. The spray
smelled like a mare in heat and Blackie couldn't tell the difference. With
a smile, Bambi presented the can to Tommy.

The stuff was strong. Tommy knew you always used the same shirt when you
sprayed it because even after 10 washings, the stallion would get aroused
if it came anywhere near the shirt.

Tommy began to spray a heavy coating on his mother's pussy and ass. As soon
as he had begun spraying he heard Blackie's interest as the young stallion
pranced in his stall.

Tommy pulled the panties out of her mouth and smiled.

Mom's voice quivered.

"Please, Tommy, don't do this, don't mate me with Blackie."

"Sorry, Mom, but the poor thing deserves to have fun too."

Tommy crouched down to look in his mother's eyes.

"Mom, do you want to mate with Blackie?"

"No," came the monotone reply

"Good. Why not?"

"He's an animal...he's dirty."

Bambi leaned down, whispering into Tommy's ear. The smile on Tommy's face
grew as he embraced his aunt's suggestion.

"Mom, every time you do it with Blackie, you will feel dirty, but it will
feel good, you'll keep thinking of how good the animal feels, and how nice
it feels to be his slave, how much it turns you on to be fucked by him.
But you'll remember how dirty it is to mate with an animal...right?"

Mom nodded.

As Tommy reached to put the can back in the cupboard his aunt took it from
him, spraying an additional strong dose around Mom's mouth. Tommy opened
both ends of the mating stall so Blackie could mount what he wanted to,
released the stallion's stall and got out of the way.

Bambi and Tommy ran back to the house. Looking at the T.V., Tommy saw
Blackie behind Mom with his muzzle buried between her legs. Tommy swung the
camera and zoomed up and got a good shot of Blackie's large equine tongue
pressing into Mom's open cunt. Mom moaned and pleaded.

"Blackie, no...Gods, Blackie, stop!"

Smiling, Tommy turned up the volume.  Time to start playing with Melody's
mind.

Tommy lead Bambi upstairs where they found Lisa, Holly, and their new
playmate, Melody. Melody had a dildo gag tightly strapped to her head and
her jeans had been removed. She wore a pink bodysuit with snaps at the
crotch over lighter pink cotton panties. Tommy's mind pictured the pussy
which awaited him under the double layer of cloth.

Melody was tied to a large wooden cross, her arms spread wide, and her legs
tied together, a mixture of fear and pleasure were in her eyes as Holly,
totally nude and on Lisa's leash, knelt and licked Melody's nipples thru
her leotard.  Lisa was gently rubbing circles around Melody's cloth covered
crotch.

Tommy approached, grinning. Melody's eyes locked on his and Tommy murmured.

"Being tied up excites you. You love the feeling of the ropes, the
restraint. Your feelings toward sex are unchanged."

Tommy broke contact and continued.

"Melody, I told you you would wear my leash and make you my bitch. You're
going to mother my children, too."

His three girls brought Melody's cross downstairs while Tommy sat to watch
the T.V.  Tommy used the controls to widen the angle. He could see Blackie
now, his black shimmering body trembled as he licked at the unusual mare in
front of him.  He had dropped from his sheath now and his thick cock hung
shiny wet between his hind legs, his tail swishing nervously.  Tommy moved
to pan the camera over Blackie, First getting a close up of his shiny but
scuffed brown hooves, then his thick neck, swollen with the scent they had
put on Mom, and then finally over his rump, following his black length from
base to flair.

Tommy noticed the horse didn't have a head like he did, instead it had a
bell shaped flare, like the opening of a trumpet.  Mom by now was moaning
and trying to guide Blackie's length into her but still have begging
Blackie not to mount her. As if on cue, the stallion reared up and gripped
his mother by her hips, pulling her back.  Tommy quickly zoomed in.

Bambi kissed and sucked his feet as he watched Blackie's flair disappear
into his mother.  Slowly the stallion was having his way with Mom. The
thick equine cock spread Mom's lips as it drove deeper and Tommy zoomed the
scene until Blackie's sheath touched and seemed to seal to his mother's
pussy lips. Tommy sat back panting. Melody stared, her eyes wide with
horror and Holly's jaw was slack.

"Don't worry, you mares will get your turn!"

Grinning, Tommy zoomed the camera out. Blackie had begun to thrust, holding
Mom firmly with his forelegs the stallion leaned out over Mom's back and
molded his flanks to Mom's hips. Tommy could not make out whether the
grunts were coming more from Mom or the stallion. Blackie leaned hard and
Tommy saw the soft belly gently press down on Mom's back. Blackie arched
his neck and began to nip at the back of Mom's neck, and white foam began
to appear as the he worked up a sweat.

Tommy watched in fascination as Blackie kept thrusting and bucking into the
helpless woman.  Blackie paused to spread his own hind hooves farther and
then began to thrust much more evenly.  Tommy zoomed in feeling the
stallion was near climax and managed to get the thick equine length pulsing
rhythmically while still deeply embedded in his mother. The horse stood
there, almost frozen, grunting in obvious pleasure.  Then after the last of
the pulsing subsided, the stallion dismounted his mother and pranced to the
side to eat some hay and recover.

Tommy muted the sound and handed the remote to Lisa.

"Stallions like to do it a lot. Let me know when he is ready to go again."

Tommy turned his attention to Melody.

"You have waited long enough my little ewe."

Tommy leaned over and gently kissed Melody's sex thru her leotard. His
fingers unsnapped the crotch and he watched the fabric retract.  Melody's
eyes were wide, desperate.

Bambi began shredding the leotard so Tommy could run his hands all over
Melody's body, down her sides and across her budding tits.

Bambi smiled, saying, "A few shots and I can give her tits as big as mine,
Master."

Tommy considered for a moment before answering.

"No, I like them just fine this way. I want to videotape their
development."

Melody moved her lips as if to speak, but no sound came out around her
gag. Bambi's hand went under the waistband of Melody's panties.

"Do not destroy her panties. I WANT them."

He smiled down at Melody's naked pussy.  It had not even started to grow
any fur yet

"Know what a virgin is?" he asked.

Melody soberly nodded.

"You won't be one much longer."

Tommy was aroused from watching Mom with Blackie and his turn as stallion.


He gently touched Melody's sex. She jerked at her bonds but they held fast

Tommy grinned and parted the sex. He didn't know why but he just loved
looking at that part of women.

"Do you believe I could hurt you?" Tommy asked

Melody nodded.

"Nicker for me."

Melody turned bright red, but paused only moment before nickering quietly
in her throat.

"Know what sex is?"

Melody shook her head no.

"You saw what Blackie did to my Mom?"

Melody nodded, swallowing hard.

"That's sex and with me it will make you have a baby."

Melody began to cry and Tommy licked at the tears.

"Oh, you're going to LIKE it."

Kissing her eyes he pressed the tip of his cock to the top her soft
opening. Melody winced, trying to pull away.

"I'll give you your choice, you can do me first or a ram. Which will it be?
You want the ram?"

Melody shook her head no.

Tommy grinned beginning to work himself into the small girl.

"Whinny, mare."

Melody at the floor, embarrassed and nickered again in her throat.

Tommy took her slowly. She was tight, a year younger then himself and he
had to push and then wait, playing with her body, licking her lips around
the gag. He encountered her virginity and stretched it slowly, calming
Melody as it ripped and he felt a little warm blood drip down her leg.
Finally his belly met hers, he was in to his root, and he began to thrust
as he had watched Blackie do.

"You had best answer me, mare, if you don't want to end up taking Mom's
spot."

Then Tommy thrust again and Melody again nickered in response to his
bestial grunt. Tommy thrust again, standing on his toes and noticed Melody
pointing her toes.

"Getting to like it, mare?"

Bambi slowly pressed her face up behind Tommy, licking his balls, her
tongue sometimes caressing one or the other of Melody's pussy lips as Tommy
thrust in and out.

Melody's equine nickers were getting louder and Tommy pressed deep in. He
watched Melody begin to squirm, her body twisting like a stoat impaled on
him.

Then she suddenly tensed. Tommy felt her internal muscles clutch on his
cock and he had to really work to thrust deeper. Melody's nicker went to a
high squeal and her eyes went wide.

Then Tommy felt himself clench. The pleasant sensation of his muscles
rhythmically pulsing in the young girl, he could feel his semen pressing
and sticking to the walls around his cock as he filled the young girl.

Melody sagged in her bonds. Tommy smiled; they had both had a good workout.

"Put something in her so my stuff won't leak out," he commanded as he
withdrew.

He was vaguely aware of Bambi selecting a belt and vibrator and fitting
Melody with it as Lisa called to him. Blackie's face was in his mother's,
nudging and licking.

"Time for round two."

"Take her off the cross and bring her here. I think Blackie has a good
idea."

Melody was taken down. The vibrator in her mound secure and buzzing softly,
she was in a daze. Tommy was in no mood for games and simply looked at
Melody and said, "Suck!"

On the T.V. Blackie began to move over Mom, as he felt Melody's mouth suck
him in.

The black stallion flicked his tail and reared. It was surprising how
gently his forelegs gripped Mom's head. Blackie again dropped from his
sheath and began thrusting at Mom's face.

"No, Blackie. Down boy! Do...."

Blackie's flair disappeared between Mom's lips.  Tommy checked to be sure
the tape was still running and zoomed in. The stallion pushed his entire
length into his mother's mouth, her protest cut off as a bulge appeared in
her throat.

"Tommy," Holly whispered as he pushed Melody's face more firmly into his
own crotch, "what if Blackie, has to...relieve himself?"

"What indeed!"

Blackie's sheath now pressed tightly to Mom's lips, his large black balls
gently swinging to bump her chin and throat. Tommy swung the camera around
so he could see his mother from directly behind the horse and then in
profile. Blackie had his tail hiked and was working up another sweat. He
pumped his cock into the woman's throat as his hooves pranced nervously.
Tommy felt himself nearing a climax as Melody suckled her juices from his
cock.

Tommy climaxed with Blackie. On the tape Tommy could see Mom swallowing in
time to the pulsations of the horse's cock. She could not swallow fast
enough and semen bubbled around the cock and dripped from Mom's lips.
Melody could not swallow fast enough either, and a white dribble ran down
her chin. Looking back to Mom, Tommy saw her tongue sweep across her chin
after Blackie withdrew, seeking to get that last drop.quite stiff.

Melody was re-gagged and laid down.  Tommy left the machine on record and
turned off the T.V.

Bambi looked quizzically at Tommy.

"Aren't you going to release your mother?"

No, she can keep her stallion happy all night; you have a stallion of your
own to take care of, remember?"

Picking up Melody's panties, his trophy, he led Aunt Bambi to his
bedroom. He smiled as he heard a faint whinny from the barn.  Blackie
seemed to be ready again.


