Archive-name: 3plus/trcy1-10.txt
Archive-author: Tracy
Archive-title: Early Adventures of Tracy and Jeannie, The
                                
                            Book One
                 **From Tracy's Point Of View**
                                
                           CHAPTER ONE
                      A True Story By Tracy


INTRODUCTION

I should start by giving you a little background.  My name is
Tracy.  "Trace" to my friends.  My last name doesn't matter and
besides, I couldn't take all the phone calls.  Believe it or not,
the story you are about to read is true.  You could find me in
the phone book, and to be perfectly honest, I probably wouldn't
mind if a few of you did call, but I couldn't handle you all...

I've wanted to tell my story for years.  Not because it's so
unusual, although it has it's "unusual" moments, but because it's
important to me to explain why I can be such a SLUT.  Why I love the
feel of hot come spraying over my body.  Why I love to drink as
much come as is available, until I'm covered inside and out with
the sticky, sweet juice of love.

When my husband joined the rowdy crowd at Nix*Pix and began to
write about our exploits, I got excited reading about and re-
living some of the things we've done in the years past.  But
there was something lacking....

I figured I'd better get my own licks in (so to speak...) so I
called my best friend Jeannie and together we spent many nights
reminiscing about our youth.  I have to give her a lot of the
credit for helping me remember.

Anyway, I hope you enjoy these memories as much as I enjoyed
remembering them.

It's a therapy kind of thing...

Plus, it gets me hot to think about what I've done in my
"formative" years.

Because, starting in my eighteenth year, my LIFE involved a lot
of sucking and fucking and I LIVED it in graphic detail!!

You'll have to bear with me a little bit while I write this,
because, as I'm typing, the memories of Ted, who was my first
real sexual partner, and Jeannie, my best friend (still), and I
guess my really truly FIRST sexual partner, are flooding back
into my brain like a tidal wave.  They say that the first sex a
human experiences is often the most erotic, and that's certainly
the truth in my case!

I'm thirty three years old now, and I still think back at my
college school years as some of the most exciting sexual times of
my life.
Remembering the first time my boyfriend filled my mouth with his
come makes me start to salivate like Mr. Pavlov's best friend.

And, even now, my favorite, most exciting thing to do with a man
is to lick and suck his hard cock, swallowing it into my throat
and making him fuck my mouth until he comes on my tongue.

To help you get a mental picture, I'm five-feet-four inches tall,
my hair is auburn and curly, and my eyes are dark hazel.  I've
always been on the slender side, and I've been blessed with long
legs and breasts which measure a firm 34-C.  My overall
measurments are 34-24-33.  Mark says my lips are one of my best
features.  "Bee-stung" he calls them.  They're full and pouty and
love to be washed with semen.

My physical attributes had always been "helpful" to me, but it
was when I got to college that I learned the value of attitude
and the power of the more subtle approaches.  As I got older, I
discovered that I could make a man hotter by using my eyes and
words than I could with my hand in his pants.

Well, okay, maybe not HOTTER, but I could make him as hot with my
eyes!


My story starts about the time when my best friend Jeannie and I
were discovering the value of our hands and tongues...

Read on....



CHAPTER ONE

It was just after graduation when Jeannie and I  took the big
step into "real" sex.  I guess that's as good a place as any to
start "The Telling".

Sucking Ted's cock was the first "real" sex act that I shared
with a boy, and I guess that's why it's stuck as my favorite. I'd
jerked Ted off a bunch of times, but that was usually in a
darkened spot like a car or at the movies.  His (and mine) first
blow job started my travels onto the lust road... and what a
wonderful trip it's been!

It was the end of June, about three weeks after Jeannie and I
graduated from high school.  Jeannie had gone through the last
eight years of schooling with me and she was my absolute best
friend in the world.  We had celebrated her eighteenth birthday a
month ago, and had spent the day drinking beers and mildly
partying, celebrating my "almost" birthday.

She and I were getting ready to go out on a wonderfully warm
Friday evening with Ted and Al.  We were going to a double
feature at the theater, but I knew that was just the
preliminaries.
Eventually, we'd end up parked in Ted's van somewhere, or maybe
even take a ride to the "Lake", Ted's uncle's vacation place
outside of town.  I knew that Ted was planning something special
for my birthday, and I hoped it was that.

Jeannie and I had worked ourselves into a bit of a sexual lather
before the guys picked us up by talking about our respective
boyfriends, and fantasizing out loud what we'd like to do to
them, or what we'd like them to do to us if we only dared.

Usually this was just comical bantering, more of a "gross you
out" kind of thing like had happened earlier.  Jeannie and I were
in my bedroom, trying to figure out what to wear, and had been
talking about the guys for about half an hour.  We both had a
little buzz on from the beer.

We had started out by talking about how they kissed and it had
evolved into something totally sexual.

The conversation kept getting more and more erotic until we were
talking in whispered pornographic detail about how the boys cocks
felt in their pants, and how they'd probably feel when they shot
their come, and how their hands felt on our tits or how wet we
got when their fingers played with our pussies.

"Oh, yeah, well I'd like to jerk them BOTH off!  At the same
time!!"  Jeannie whispered with a giggle.

"Yeah? Well, I'd like to jerk them both of and have them come in
my hands so I could let it run through my fingers...!"  I was
trying to top Jeannie and urge her on at the same time.

"Uh Huh, Well, if I did it, I'd like to have them both come in my
mouth, like Ginger Lynn did to Peter North!  Oooohhhh...."

Jeannie's eyes closed when she said that, remembering the porno
movie she and I had watched in my room last night.

Neither one of us had come close to doing half of the stuff we
were talking about, but usually the talking hit some subconscious
desires and brought them to the surface.

Both of us knew when this happened to the other, and we'd stop
the "game" and talk about it.  Some nights we'd get so fucking
hot just by talking that we'd end up fingering ourselves into a
state of blissful orgasm.

Jeannie and I hid nothing from each other.  Absolutely nothing.

When Jeannie came out with the "come in my mouth" line, we both
stopped cold and looked at each other.

Then we burst into gales of nervous laughter!  Jeannie had
touched a nerve for both of us.  A hidden fantasy coming to the
surface.

Too bad we didn't have time to delve into this one a little
deeper!

"You win!!", I laughed as she hugged me.  We both had tears
rolling down our faces.  "I don't think I can beat that tonight,
Jeannie!  Give me a couple of hours to think about it!"

"Hey" Jeannie panted, I told you we shouldn't have watched that
movie!  Now I'm all wet and sweaty, and the guys are gonna be
here any minute.  Thanks a lot buddy!"

"Oh, sure" I replied, throwing Jeannie her blouse, "Blame it on
me.  You're the one who kept rewinding that Peter North scene!"


This was a game we had played for years, only lately it was
getting a little more serious...as our limited experience grew.

Jeannie and I had both had a long time interest in sex.  We loved
to stay up late at night and fantasize about our "Prince
Charmings".  I guess other girls were dreaming of castles and
white horses,  Jeannie and I would fantasize about hard cocks and
erotic adventures.  It was all perfectly normal for us, and we
thought it was a lot more exciting than witches and dwarves and
happily ever afters.  We had our own interpretation of "happily
ever after".

Anyway, on this night, we were in rare form even for us!

It was a hell of a way to start an evening with the
boys...Jeannie and me sitting in our underwear, on the floor of
my bedroom, leaning against my bed and talking about hard cocks
and wet pussies, and all in all just working ourselves into a
erotic frenzy.

Both Jeannie and I were technically still virgins.  I'll explain
more about the "technical" part later.  Suffice it to say, we'd
lost our cherries, but had never had a cock in our pussies.  Not
a real one anway.  We had no problem with that, because we were
busy exploring all the other avenues available...

Neither one of us had done more than jerk our boyfriend's off,
and more often than not, that was through their pants!

We would "allow" the guys to open our blouses and play with our
tits, or slide a hand under our dresses and feel our willing
pussies, and by that time, they'd be so hot they would just come
in their pants.

At that time, we didn't know what we were missing!  But all that
was soon to change.

The first time I unzipped Ted's pants and brought his hard cock
into the open, he was coming before I could even start to jerk
him off!  It was still a pretty hot experience for both of us
though.  My hand, and the front of Ted's pants were covered with
come!  We had to swing by his house so that he could change his
clothes 'cause it was only 8:30 on a Saturday night!!

I had only come once from Ted's fingers in all our time together,
but it didn't really matter at that time.  I loved the feel of
his hard cock in my hand and I'd come close to orgasm just
pumping him until he came.

I was so used to masturbating myself to orgasm in my bed at
night, and I enjoyed that so much, the my experiences with Ted
were just frosting on the cake.  He got me so hot just by making
out with him.  His hands on my tits, or his fingers rubbing my
pussy just warmed me up for later.  If he didn't make me come,
I'd simply take matters into my own hands when I got home.

I loved sex.  I loved talking about it with Jeannie, I loved
playing with myself and the wonderful feeling of making myself
come on my fingers, and I was starting to discover that I loved
sex with boys.


At any rate, tonight was Friday and Jeannie was in exceptional
form.  She'd come over to my house last night and we'd spent the
night talking and watching a couple of X-rated movies in my room.

She had "liberated" them from her parents collection which she
did every so often.  She also brought some beer to celebrate my
move into adulthood at midnight.   We didn't get to sleep until
close to three o'clock.

After we woke up we spent the first part of the day lying in the
sun by the pool talking about school and summer and whatever.

Naturally, as it always did, our conversation soon drifted to Ted
and Al.

We were in the middle of putting on our suits when Jeannie
started talking about her last encounter with Al, at school no
less!

Jeannie and Al both had to attend summer school to catch up on
missed work.  They were both a little pissed off about it because
after you turn eighteen, the whole high school thing seems like
it should be for kids.  Hey, we were adults!  Trouble was, the
school board didn't see it that way...

They accepted their fate though, because it was only three days a
week, and the teachers were a lot more lax than during the normal
school year.  Plus it was only five hours, with a one hour lunch
period!

They'd been making out in back of the gym during the whole lunch
period on Wednesday.  Jeannie told me that Al was getting her
exceptionally hot that day.

"We were lying on the lawn that runs between the gym and the
parking lot. I was rubbing Al's prick through his jeans, and
he was holding my tits, one in each hand, through my blouse."

I handed Jeannie a beer and grabbed the cooler.  We walked over
to our pool chairs as she continued.  I knew this was gonna be
good!
"Anyway, he started to unbutton my blouse, and by the time I
reacted to where we were, he'd undone the top five buttons!"

Jeannie's eyes were smoky as she relived the moment.  Mine were
wide with lustful interest.  "And then...", I said, prodding her
on.

"Oh, yeah..." Jeannie looked at me with a smile. "Then...Then, he
put his hand inside my blouse.  Geez, Trace, it felt sooo fucking
hot.  He'd move his fingers into my bra and pinch my nipple and
Ohhhh...my...."  Her hand reached up to her breast, following the
memory.

I hit her to get her to stop daydreaming and go on with her
story.

"Okay....anyhow, I was stroking his cock through his pants.  I
know that he wanted me to take it out, but Hell!...we were on the
school lawn!"  We both cracked up at that.

"His fingers were getting me Soooo HOT, though.  And his cock
felt Soooo hard!  While he was playing with my tits, he moved his
other hand down until he was rubbing my pussy through my skirt!
It was too much!

I figured what the hell, and moved my hand up to undo Al's belt.
He jerked when he realized what I was after, and moaned into my
mouth.

"I got his belt out of the way, and unbuttoned the top of his
jeans.

"I could feel his cock jumping in anticipation under my arm, as I
slowly worked his zipper down.  Al was going crazy!  When I got
it all the way down his cock just JUMPED into my hand!  Sometimes
he doesn't wear underwear, and this was one of those days.  I
started wishing that I hadn't either!  His hand kept rubbing my
pussy, though and it was my turn to moan.  He's got such great
hands, Trace..."

"Anyway, his cock was hard as a rock and HOT!!  As I squeezed it
and pulled his skin down, he started to leak that slippery pre-
come stuff.  I kept stroking him, and my hand was covered with
the stuff!  It was like mazola oil or something!  My hand just
glided over his cock, up and down...up and down..."
Jeannie's eyes closed again, and her hand was rhythmicly
squeezing her left breast.  I was getting hot myself, and brought
a hand up to my tit, following her lead.

Her eyes opened to slits and she stared at my moving hand.

"I came this close..." She held up her finger and thumb.  "This
fucking close to coming on his hand, Trace.  And I would have, if
I didn't hear Mr. Kelscher yelling for us!!"

Jeannie laughed as I sat up straight in my chair!

"Kelscher!" I shouted.  "What did you guys do!!?"

"Well, he couldn't see us, 'cause we were around the corner from
him, so he got tired of yelling for us, and went back in.  But we
noticed that we were ten minutes late for his class too!"

"Miss a class, buy a week", I said, remembering the rule of
summer school.  "Bummer...", I groaned.

"Bummer is right!  So, I'm scrambling, trying to get my blouse
buttoned, and my hair back together, cause I figured I could
sweet talk Kelscher into "forgetting".  I smiled, remembering how
Kelscher would get red faced whenever Jeannie or I would "flirt"
with him.

"So," Jeannie went on "I'm reasonably presentable, and I look
over, and AL..."  She broke up again. "Al..was trying so hard to
get this monstrous hard-on back into his pants!"  Her smile
faltered as she remembered.  "I knew he'd never do it...so I had
to help him..."

Her eyes got that lusty look again, and her voice was dreamy when
she continued.

"I walked over to him, and told him to lie back down on the
grass.  When I kissed him, I covered the hand that was holding
his cock, and started to stroke it real slow, while bending my
knees to join him.

"I smiled at him as I started to jerk him off faster. I told him
that he'd better come quick if he didn't want an extra week of
school, but he knew I was kidding by my grin.  I was so hot
jerking him off there!  I DID want to get to class, yes, but more
than that, I wanted so bad to see him shoot!"

Jeannie and I both had our hands in our laps, rubbing our pussies
through our suits as she continued...

"Anyhow, I knew he was close...he was starting to gasp, and fuck
my hand, so I jerked him as fast as I could, squeezing the head
just as he likes it, and staring at the tip of his cock, waiting
for the first spray..."

Jeannie's hand was moving faster between her legs, and I joined
her tempo...I could almost FEEL Al's cock getting ready to
explode!!  She brought her right hand up to her heaving chest,
leaving her left in her lap.  She closed her eyes, and tilted her
head back in the chair as she went on.

"Al said to watch out for his shirt, so I had to cup my right
hand under his cockhead as I stroked.  I was going crazy for him
to fill my hand!  And then he did just that!!"

My own hand was a blur, now as I thought of Jeannie jerking Al
off.
I slipped my hand into the front of my suit bottom, and pressed a
finger between my pussy lips.

"He groaned real deep in his throat, and started to come in my
hand.  Tracy, it was the hottest thing I'd ever felt!  Actually
his first shot went up and over his shoulder, and some landed on
his shirt, but the rest of it I was ready for.  I kept pumping
him as he came and cupped my hand to catch it as it flew from his
cock.

"Al was fucking my hand and moaning out loud as I jerked him, and
I was grinning from ear to ear.  I couldn't believe I was jerking
him off on the school lawn!"

"His come was so fucking hot!!!"

Jeannie threw her head back as she started to come on her finger.
Geez, I loved this girl!!  We were like peas in a pod, with not a
shred of selfconciousness between us.  Watching my best friend
coming on her hand, I slowly inserted a finger into my soaking
wet pussy.  I'd only slid it halfway in when the tingling of my
own orgasm started to overtake me.

Jeannie was watching my hand as her orgasm subsided.

The feel of his cock, the heat of his come in her hand, she was
reliving each moment as she described it to me.

"The best part happened after he came, Trace...I tried something
else!"

I sat up and gave Jeannie my full attention, but kept my finger
busy on my clit.  I knew she'd been working up the nerve to tell
me something new!!  "What...? Tell me!!", I panted.

"After he came in my hand," she whispered, with a lustful look in
her eye, "I brought my hand up to my face and licked his come off
my palm!"  She was breathing intensely now.  And I have to admit,
so was I.  My left hand was fucking two fingers into my pussy
now, and my legs were spread wide in front of my friend.  She had
pushed her bikini top away from her breasts and was cupping and
squeezing her naked tits as she jerked herself off.  Her eyes
were shut, and her tongue was making frantic circles around her
lips as she recalled the taste of Al's come.

"God, Jeannie," I panted.  "What was it like?  What did it taste
like?"  I was amazed that she had gone so far "without me".  I
guess I was a little envious.  But hot at the same time!

"It was strange at first..." Jeannie continued with an excited
grin.  "But, as I got used to the texture and the taste, I
decided I could grow to like it...!"  She laughed when she said
this, and it kind of broke the sexual tension we were both
feeling.

Her gaze dropped to the hand in my lap, then back to my eyes.

"It gets me wet, too, when I think about it.  It was so hot,
Trace!
I felt like such a slut when I was eating his come!  But a good
feeling, you know?"

I nodded dumbly, wondering how Ted's come would taste...and
actually, though I didn't say this to Jeannie, I wondered for a
moment, how Al's come would taste, and if there would be any
difference.

I continued to slide my fingers in and out of my pussy.  My
orgasm was a long, slow, lingering one.

"And, you know, the best part of it, was when Al leaned over and
kissed me.  He stuck his tongue deep into my mouth and let me
know with his kiss that he loved what I'd done."

Her eyes took on a faraway look.

"I've heard so many guys", Jeannie continued, "talk about how
girls who suck cock, or eat come are dirty and are sluts and
whatever, but it's a pretty important thing to them at the same
time.  I think it's cause they've never had it done to them and
can't admit their inexperience."  She was trying to sound wise
and knowing and it worked, as far as I was concerned.

She looked over at me.  "But I'll tell you, Trace.  It felt so
fucking good to lick it!  Al just about fell over when I did it
and that feeling of power just washed over me.  And the bottom
line?  Al didn't think I was dirty, or a slut or anything.  The
look of love in his eyes made me week in the knees.  And when he
kissed me, and tasted his own come from my tongue...I wanted to
do it again, right there!  I'm the one who felt slutty!  And I
loved it!"

I was so hot I couldn't take anymore.  I groaned and leaned back
into my chair.  With one hand I pulled my bikini bottom to the
side, and with the other returned my two fingers to my warm slit.
I looked at Jeannie as I slid them deeply into my pussy and
started to fuck them in and out quickly.  Then I moved my right
hand back to my chest, and copied Jeannie's earlier move.  I
pushed my bra out of the way and exposed my naked tits to the
sun.

I was coming powerfully now and watched Jeannie as she followed
my lead.  I know we were both visualizing her jerking Al off, and
licking his come from her hand.  Her fingers were a blur as she
came along with me.  We were gazing into each others eyes as we
both reached crashing, intense orgasms.

I shut my eyes and drifted off, thinking of hard cocks...


We sat there silently for about five minutes, lazily rubbing our
pussies and thinking about Jeannie's experience.

It was four o'clock, and we reluctantly left the pool to get
ready for Ted and Al.  I say reluctantly only because I was
enjoying the lazy feeling of just hanging out.  After overcoming
the inertia, Jeannie and I both started to get excited about our
dates this evening.  I was shivering with anticipation!

After jumping up and hugging each other closely, we scrambled to
get showered, and pick out our outfits for the evening.  We both
had a feeling that this was going to be a night to remember.

We would not be disappointed.

*******

On the way to the theater, we talked about the usual things like
summer vacation, and the movie we were going to see, but my
thought were racing a mile a minute.  And I was looking at Al
with a new recognition.

I couldn't get Jeannie's story out of my head.  I knew that a
step into the unknown was once again in order.  I couldn't let
Jeannie pass me by too much...I'd never hear the end of it from
her!!

When we got into the theater, I made sure that the two guys were
sitting side by side with Jeannie and I acting as bookends.  I
think I wanted to keep an eye on Jeannie, and make sure she
didn't pull another "fast one" on me.

It was about seven thirty, and we were in the middle of some God
awful "horror" movie that involved too many Japanese people and
too many rubber monsters.

I was still thinking about Jeannie's hot story.  For that reason,
and because it was Friday night and I was with  Ted, my steady
boyfriend of the last year or so, my mind was not on the movie.
Although both Ted and I appeared to be engrossed in the film, our
hands were getting quietly active underneath our stategicly
placed coats.

Ted's hand was gently rubbing my thigh, and I was returning the
favor.  I could tell by his breathing that just this simple act
was turning him on.  The mind is an incredible aphrodisiac when
your young.  Well, I guess it always is, but especially in high
school...before you've really tried anything.

Anyway, each time I'd move my hand a little higher up Ted's
thigh, his breathing would increase.  It was a wonderful feeling
of power.

I moved my hand further up Ted's thigh until I felt the soft
bulge of his balls.  I stopped there to catch my breath.  I just
slowly rubbed the back of my hand against his ball sack.  I knew
his cock was hard as a rock by now, but I wanted to pace myself.
Ted had a tendency to get pretty nervous and self-conscious when
we'd play in crowds, and I didn't want to upset him.  I wanted
him to enjoy this.

Ted's arm moved over my shoulder, and he hugged me closer.  I
willingly moved into his arms and moved my hand a little bit
higher between his legs.  Now I could use my little finger to
gently rub his balls and he groaned his appreciation.  "Sometimes
the subtle approach IS best", I thought with a smile.

I loved to tease Ted and he loved to be teased.  Sometimes he'd
get so hot with my teasing that he'd literally beg me to jerk him
off!

Sometimes I'd do it, and sometimes I'd make him wait for a day.
He got REAL attentive to me if he was into the next day.  And he
knew that I'd always jerk him off in that situation, so that made
him even HOTTER!  He knew that I loved to make him come off with
my hand, he just never knew when!  Ted was wonderful.

His hand found its way to the top of my breast and he started to
lazily circle it through my blouse and bra.  I wished at that
moment that I'd "forgotten" my bra, cause that would have been a
great surprise for Ted's fingers.  "Ah, well...", I thought.

I moaned softly as his hand continued to caress my tit.  Ted had
wonderfully talented hands.

I reached over and taking his hand in mine, pulled it into my
breast and squeezed.  Then releasing his hand, I moved to the
buttons on my blouse.

I looked into his eyes as I moved my hand further up to cradle
his balls in the palm of my hand.  We were both getting hot now,
and I wanted more.

With my other hand, I quickly unbuttoned three buttons on my
blouse.  I'd already neglected to button the top three, so my
blouse now was open almost to my waist.  I felt so sexy as I was
doing this.  I could feel my pussy getting wet.

He couldn't see me doing this because of my jacket, but I knew
his imagination was working overtime.  He could fell my hand
working beside his, and couldn't wait to move his in!  I covered
his hand in mine again, and pulled his hand back to cover my half
naked tits.

I could feel Ted's cock jump against the underside of my wrist as
I exposed my tits to his hand.  I'd never been this bold with him
and he was going crazy with excitement.

Not missing a beat, he moved into the front of my blouse,
covering one breast and then the other with his large hand.  His
breathing was coming in short gasps, and a sweat was breaking out
on his forehead.  He slid his hand under my bra, cupping my whole
naked breast, then searching for and finding my hardened nipple.

It was my turn to moan.  His gentle pinching of my sensitive
nipple between his fingers, as he cupped and squeezed my breast
was driving me crazy with lust.  "God, I love this...", I
thought.

As Ted continued to drive my crazy under my coat,  I moved my
hand further under HIS coat and finally felt the long hard shaft
of his cock under my fingers.  He groaned and pumped his cock up
into my hand.  I pressed down hard as he did this and he moaned
again.

I started to stroke his hard cock with my hand, pausing once in a
while to reach down and fondle his full balls.

All the while we were playing, our faces were staring blankly at
the movie screen.  We didn't want to be too obvious.  And it was
doubly exciting trying to maintain my composure while Ted's hands
worked their magic on my tits.

Ted was going nuts, and so was I!  We'd never really gone this
far in the theater before, but tonight I really didn't care!  I
was loving the feel of his warm hand on my naked tit, and I loved
the feel of his hard cock under my hand.

Ted was getting hotter and bolder as he pushed his hand outward
and down, pulling my breast out of it's confinement as he did
this.  He moved to his left and reaching gently into that cup,
did the same thing with my other tit!  Then his hands moved from
one breast to the other, back and forth, and back and forth.

On each pass, he'd run my nipples through his fingers like a
baseball card through the spokes of a bicycle wheel!  I was
starting to lose it!  I stroked his cock with a fervor as he
played with my breasts.

The thought of my tits being naked and exposed in the middle of a
crowded theater was making pussy tingle with wetness.  Even if we
were covered with our coats, the mere thought of this kind of
public sex was marvelously erotic.  I think Ted was enjoying it
to...

To make sure Ted was enjoying it, and to continue my own
developing fantasy, I reached up to the button of his pants, and
hooked one finger over his waistband.  Then I turned to look at
his face.

Ted jumped and looked at me with wild eyes.  He knew what my
motions were suggesting and couldn't believe it!

I just kind of raised my eyebrows and smiled and proceeded to
"pop" the button.  I was glad he hadn't worn a belt, because the
buckles were so noisy, and I was glad he was wearing "Dockers".
Not only did they look good on him, but they were loose fitting
and easier to "play with".

I gave Ted a comical, open mouthed, "OHMYGOSH!" look, and then
grasped the tab of his zipper between my thumb and forefinger and
pulled...

When the zipper tab reached the bottom, I moved my hand back to
cover his cock with my palm.  His jacket was blocking my view,
but I accepted that because without it I wouldn't be able to do
anything this brazen in a theater.  And just the feel of his
hardness, even through his underwear, was enough to make me weak.

Ted's hands were working wonders on my tits.  He pulled me close
and kissed my lips passionately, thrusting his tongue into my
mouth.  I nibbled his tongue, and sucked on it like I was sucking
on a cock.

I'd never actually sucked Ted's cock, but Jeannie and I had seen
plenty of X-Rated porno tapes from her parent's collection, and I
was seriously thinking that tonight just might be the night!
Especially after Jeannie's description of licking Al's come off
her hand.  I was getting hotter with every thrust of Ted's
tongue!

As he drew me close to him, Ted brought his other hand up to my
chest.  Now I had two hot hands on my tits.  Each with their own
toy to play with!  I was delirious with the feeling.

I made use of the opportunity of our closeness to bring my other
hand over into Ted's lap.  Keeping one hand on his deliciously
hard prick, I used my other hand to reach deeply into his pants
and cup his balls.  Then, spreading his zipper flaps apart, I
pulled his briefs out and down just like he'd done with my bra.

Still cradling his balls, I pulled Ted's hard cock out into the
"open", bringing his balls out with the same fluid motion!  Now
his entire cock, all the way down to his balls, was out of his
pants and in my hands!  In the middle of the theater!

I slowly jerked on his cock as he moaned into my mouth.  His
tongue had stopped moving but I continued to suck it in and out
of my mouth.  At the same time, I stroked his cock with the exact
same slow rhythm, giving him a hint of what was on my mind.

Ted responded by falling back into his seat...nearly catatonic.
I think I blew a fuse in his brain or something!  He laid back in
his seat and tilted his head back against the seat back.

He continued to stroke and squeeze my breasts, but his attention
was 90 percent focused on his cock.  I really didn't mind because
I was enjoying his cock as much as he was.  His mindless activity
on my tits was simply an extra.

I was excited knowing that I'd caused him to blow his fuse.  It
was that "power" thing again, that never failed to amaze me.

I pumped Ted's cock fast and hard for about ten strokes just to
see his reaction.  His hips tried to lift off the seat, and a
loud moan escaped his lips.  I smiled to myself and resumed my
slow, methodical stroke.

After all, we were still in the middle of the first movie!

I was glad that the theater had installed the highback seats,
though because when Ted sat back into his seat, he brought my
jacket with him!

The jacket that had been covering his hands on my naked tits!  I
was sitting there with my blouse totally unbuttoned and spread
wide, and my tits hanging out of my bra, and Ted's hands playing
with them.

If anyone on either side of us happened to look over they'd have
gotten an eyeful!  I thought about that for a moment and decided
that would have been kind of erotic and exciting too.

I was starting to discover my exhibitionist streak.  Since then,
I've fine tuned it to a science, but at that time in my life, it
was just coming out. I smiled at the feeling and continued to
stroke Ted's cock.  I pulled my jacket back over me, but left it
open...just enough so if someone really tried to see....

The cool, air conditioned air on my tits was majorly erotic!
I felt so fucking INDECENT!!!

Anyway, it was Friday night, and the theater was filled with
kids.
A few of them were actually watching the movie, if you can
believe that, but most of them were engaged in similar
activities.

As I continued to pump Ted's cock, I took a few minutes and
looked around the theater.  I didn't see any real flesh, and that
bummed me out a little, but I did see a lot of groping and
panting.  More than one couple was using their jackets to hide
what they were doing, and I saw a few hand jobs taking place.  I
don't think anyone was being as brazen as I was, but I knew that
there'd be a few stained seat cushions this night, or a few wet
pants!

I started wishing that all the jackets and coats would disappear
so I could see all the cocks being pumped, and all the tits being
played with.  I was getting wet at the thought of being
surrounded by all the sex that was happening.

I turned to my left to see how Jeannie and Al were getting on,
and saw that Jeannie had been trying to get my attention.  For
quite a while, by the look of consternation on her face.

Jeannie and Al, were quietly sitting beside us, and I noticed
that she was leaning on Al's chest staring at Ted and me. Al's
head was tipped back in his seat, just like Ted, and his eyes
were closed, although he had a smile on his face.

She'd been trying to get my attention without tipping her hand to
Al or Ted, who were between us.  Both of them had they're eyes
closed, and that was how she wanted them to stay.

Jeannie smiled when she caught my eye and dropped her gaze,
signaling me to look at Al's lap. Her arm was partially hidden
under Al's jacket, and as I watched, she slowly pulled the jacket
back.

Neither of the boys knew that Jeannie and I were "communicating".
We were doing everything with our eyes and faces.  It was TOO
hot!  Anyway, Jeannie slowly pulled back Al's jacket.

I couldn't believe my eyes!!  Jeannie had unbuttoned Al's pants
and had unzipped his zipper all the way down.   Jeannie's hand
was wrapped around Al's hard cock, and it was completely out of
his pants!

Talk about like minds thinking alike!  I thought I was being so
fucking bold and brazen, and here Jeannie was doing exactly the
same thing with Al as I was with Ted!

I noticed that her jacket was open, and Al's hands were on her
tits, but that her blouse was still buttoned.

"Ah-HA...", I said to myself , and smiled.  At least I was one
step ahead.  I leaned back and let my jacket open further.  The
motion also caused my blouse to open all the way and exposed my
naked tits, and Ted's hand on them to Jeannie's gaze.

She smiled appreciatively, and licked her lips.  I smiled back
and returned my gaze to her hand on Al's prick.

It was obvious that Jeannie was as excited as I was about our new
boldness.  She'd never been this daring with Al and was reveling
in her "fearlessness".

Ted and I had been double dating with Jeannie and Al for close to
a year now so we were all fairly comfortable with the close
quarters of a car or Ted's van.  Jeannie and I were VERY
comfortable with the close quarters.  In fact, once in a while
we'd make sure that we'd all be close...like I had tonight, just
to complete a "challenge" or a dare.

I'd seen her jerk Al off before, but never this closely.  This
was incredibly erotic, seeing his hard cock in her hand.  I
pumped Ted's cock as I watched them.  I could feel my pussy
getting wet.

Of course, the guys weren't aware of the way Jeannie and I shared
"information".  We always communicated in secret, either with a
wink, or a cough, or a raised eyebrow.  Or in private, like this
afternoon!

Jeannie looked at Al's pole, then back to me with a comical
expression on her face.  She was having a little fun at Al's
expense.  I found the whole thing thrilling.  It was like
"Getting away" with something.  Too cool for school!

She started to stroke him slowly, her hand slick with his pre-
come.  Al's head was back and his eyes remained shut, as if he
were asleep.  I knew better though!

Of course, he had no idea that I was watching my best friend jerk
him off right in front of me.

Jeannie grinned at me and did a "Groucho Marx" with her eyebrows.
Looking me in the eye, she mouthed the words, "I LOVE IT!" and
dropped her gaze to Al's cock in her hand.  "Watch", she "said".

She started pumping his cock faster, and twisting her hand around
when she'd reach the head.  Al reacted immediately.  His hips
started pumping up to meet her hand, and his breath was coming
out in short agonized bursts.

Jeannie could barely contain herself!  She, too, was discovering
the power that she had.  She looked back at me with her eyes
wide, and her mouth open...saying"WOW..." with her eyes.

Licking her lips and grinning at me broadly, she kept stroking
Al's glistening cock as I watched.
Her eyes moved to my hand under Ted's jacket, and she looked at
me as if to say.."Now you...let me see."

I knew from her position, that she could see Ted playing with my
exposed tits, and it made me hot to think she was watching us.

She also knew, from the position of my hand under Ted's jacket
that she wasn't the only one being adventurous this evening. She
wanted to see me jerking Ted off!


It was so exciting to know that Jeannie wanted to watch me play
with Ted's prick!  We had talked about our boyfriend's cocks many
times, sharing "battle" stories and describing times when they
came especially hard, and things like this afternoon, at the
pool.
But I'd never had the nerve to tell Jeannie that I loved to watch
her and Al, and that I loved it when they would sneak a peek at
Ted and I.
I hadn't yet gotten comfortable enough with my
voyeur/exhibitionist side to tell her about it, and here she was,
telling me that she felt exactly the same way!!  I was too
excited!! And relieved!!

Tonight we were not more than two feet away, and I could see Al's
hard cock plainly as it glided in and out of Jeannie's clutching
fist.  The sight of it was getting me so hot I couldn't stand it!

It was obvious that she wanted me to return her voyeuristic
favor.

I thought Ted would have balked at the thought of it but I wasn't
quite sure.  For now, though, what he didn't know wouldn't hurt
him!

I started to lift his jacket up...


The thought of being able to silently show off Ted's cock to my
best girlfriend, and show her what I did with it, was making me
extremely hot.  My heart started to beat a mile a minute as I
looked at Jeannie and lifted Ted's jacket higher.

Feeling sexy and hot now, and a lot more confident after seeing
Jeannie jerking on Al's cock, oblivious to the kids around us, I
moved my hand back to the top of Ted's cock.

I was feeling hot and excited, but I was still nervous about
being "caught".  I guess that's what made it hot!

Whispering into his ear, I said, "Just close your eyes,
sweetheart...Keep them shut and let me play...Okay?"

Ted nodded dumbly.  He would have agreed to chew tin foil as long
as I continued what I was doing in his lap!

I smiled, and looked over at Jeannie.  She was still stroking
him, but her eyes were wide and focussed on MY hand in Ted's lap.

She licked her lips in anticipation.

I stroked Ted's hardness faster.  I knew Jeannie could see motion
under Ted's jacket, and a glimpse of flesh, but she still didn't
have a clear view.  I was getting off on teasing her.

Ted's breathing was really strained now.  His eyes were squeezed
shut, and he sounded like he was running a marathon.  His cock
was pouring a steady flow of pre-come over my fingers.  As I
pulled upwards on his cock, he'd groan and another batch of
liquid would seep from his pole.  His prick felt hot and wet in
my fist.

Remembering Jeannie, I looked up from Ted's lap and saw her
glaring at me.  "Hurry up!" she signaled with her eyes.

She was dying to see his hard prick, and I was ready to show it
to her.

Feeling hot and nasty, and wondering what the boys would think if
they knew they were part of a "show", I slowly and gently pulled
Ted's coat up and out of the way.

Jeannie was grinning from ear to ear, as I exposed more and more
of Ted's cock.  I'd never seen her so totally enthralled by
something.  Her eyes got wider as Ted's jacket moved back.

As Ted's prick came into full view, Jeannie started jerking
intently on Al's cock.  Both of the boys, unbeknownst to them,
were sitting in a crowded theater with their cocks sticking up in
the air.  This was too funny, I thought.  It was hilarious to
think of what we were doing to the boys, but at the same time it
was SOOO HOT!  Jeannie and I would laugh about this later but for
now we concentrated on the matters at hand, so to speak.

I started to slowly work my hand up and down Ted's throbbing
member.  Beginning at the head, I pulled his foreskin back till
his beet red head was exposed, then, squeezing my thumb and
forefinger together, I slid back to the top, encasing his
cockhead in his loose skin.  Rubbing the head of his cock through
his foreskin, I heard Ted groan with pleasure.  I'd never been
quite this bold with him before, and he was loving it! I slid my
hand down the length of his pole until I could use three fingers
to cup his balls, and keep my thumb and forefinger tightly
wrapped around the base of his hard-on.

His pre-come juices were hot and slippery in my hand and there
was no friction at all...just the smooth motion of my hand over
his cock.

Ted was moaning, and I knew he would come soon.

I looked over at Jeannie, and she was equally engrossed.  Al's
cock was jumping from her expert manipulations.  He was leaking
so much that Jeannie's hand looked as if it were covered with
Crisco oil.

Her eyes, though, were focused on Ted's cock, and my hand jerking
it off.

Al was no slouch in the "equipment room", but from the looks of
things, Ted cock was a full two or three inches longer, and much
thicker that Al's.  My hand could just barely close around Ted's
shaft.

I hadn't seen a lot of cocks in my early years, especially hard
ones, and I'd never before had the opportunity to compare two
side by side, but from the look in Jeannie's eyes, I got a sense
of pride knowing that MY boyfriend's cock was one that was
envied.
Kind of like finding out that the old chair in your kitchen is
really a Chippendale.  I pumped  Ted's cock in long slow strokes
so that Jeannie could appreciate the whole thing.  I pulled his
prick away from his belly, and pointed the head towards Jeannie.

She grinned and licked her lips, curling her tongue, and just
touching her top lip.  Ted, although he had no idea what was
going on, groaned in appreciation of my handiwork.

He probably would have come then and there if he'd seen Jeannie
staring at his pole and licking her lips!

I was really getting turned on...thinking  about how much I was
turning Jeannie on by jerking TED off!

It was too strange.  And I was also getting wet watching Jeannie
slowly stroke Al' hard cock. I loved the sight of his hardness
sliding through her wet fingers.

I focused on Al's hardness, and could tell by his pumping hips,
that he was close.  I looked at Jeannie and let her know that Ted
was close too.  Suddenly the look on her face got more serious.
Her gaze went back to Ted's cock, and my hand pumping it and she
started twisting and pumping Al with a frenzy.  I did the same
with Ted's slippery shaft, all the while keeping my eyes on
Jeannie's pumping hand.  Then Jeannie moved her hand up to the
head of Al's cock and formed a "C" with her cupped hand.  Still
pumping and twisting, she covered the head with her hand.

The "C" position, as Jeannie labeled it one night, came about
after a particularly hot night at the drive-in when Ted had come
in long hot spurts that covered my hit my neck, and covered the
front of my blouses with come.
I wasn't really upset with being hit by flying come, in fact it
was kind of exciting, but my blouse was ruined, and I had to stay
in the car for the rest of the night!

Jeannie and I had laughed for hours after that night, and she
came up with the "C-position".  That made us laugh even more, but
it had proved effective in the last few months.

I moved my hand to the same "C" position on Ted's cock just as he
started to pant heavily.  "This is it!" I signaled to Jeannie.
"Watch this!"  I knew from experience that Ted came in "buckets",
and I was excited to be able to show Jeannie rather than simply
tell her about it.

I knew she'd get a buzz from seeing Ted's cock blast.

I pumped with a vengeance, keeping my eyes on Jeannie's face.
I was doing this for her...

Her eyes widened when Ted groaned deep in his throat and
stiffened in his seat.  For a second nothing happened.  Then his
come came in waves!

It was SO HOT!!  I turned my hand so Jeannie could clearly see
his come shooting out of the end of his cock and splashing
against my cupped palm.  It dripped from my fingers, and settled
onto his pubic hair.  Jeannie was panting open mouthed...licking
her lips as she stared at Ted's ejaculation and continued to
stroke Al.

I continued to twist and pump Ted's shooting cock while he came.
I loved the feel of his come hitting my hand. And the look on
Jeannie's face made me even hotter!

When Ted was done shooting off, I smeared his come all over his
still hard cock, squeezing at the same time and making it ooze
through my fingers.  Jeannie and Ted groaned at the same time.

Then the same thing happened to Al.  His body stiffened, he gave
a great shudder, and his cock started to spew.  I watched
spellbound, as his cock shot off into Jeannie's hand.

She turned her hand, as I had to give me a clear view of his
shooting prick.

His come, while not the same flowing amounts as Ted, spurted hard
up into her palm, and over her fingers.  When a blast would hit
her palm, the force was like a hose, and his come would ricochet
off into his lap!

Jeanni grinned broadly as she jerked him off, her eyes darting
from mine, then to Ted's cock, then to Al's.

She was like a crazy woman, she was so excited.
Al was groaning over and over as his come shot from his cock.

Jeannie looked at me as if to say, "Could anything get better
than this?" as she continued to milk the come from Al's dwindling
manhood.

Then Jeannie did something that made ME open my eyes wide.  She
loosened her grip on Al's cock, and brought her fingers up to her
lips.  Looking me straight in the eye, and grinning broadly, she
leaned towards me, and into Al's lap.  She stuck out her tongue
and slowly licked  her tongue from her come covered palm to the
ends of her fingers.  I could see Al's thick come on her tongue
as she slid two fingers sensually into her mouth and sucked them
in and out, using her tongue to clean them completely.

Then she smiled that radiant smile of hers and brought her
attention back to Al, just as Ted was starting to "stir".

Panting from her demonstration, and from our exhibitionism, I
dropped Ted's jacket over his lap, before he realized his part in
the "Show", and tried to squeeze his cock back into his pants.
I was amazed to find that it was still as hard as a rock. Looking
up at Ted, I saw his gaze riveted on Jeannie's face.  She was
unaware of it, but obviously Ted had witnessed her whole oral
demonstration.  I was torn between the excitement of his hard-
again cock in my hand, and the jealousy I felt for my best
girlfriend.

But, hey, it wasn't her fault right?  And, I should be happy that
my boyfriend has the ability to get his hard-on back this
quickly.
It would just be up to me to control his lust driven heart. After
all, I knew that it wasn't Jeannie he was hard about.. it was the
sight of her sliding those come slick fingers in and out of her
mouth.


I decided that I should fix this situation before it grew into a
problem.

"Over here, big boy!", I whispered.  "Did you forget about me?"

I squeezed Ted's cock under his jacket.  His head snapped around
like he was on a carnival ride.

"I'm sorry...", he stammered.  "I didn't know..."

"Didn't know what?", I demanded with a mock scowl on my face.
"How can you think about her, when I'm the one with her hand on
your cock?  Hmmm...?"

I squeezed his cock. HARD. "Speak up, boy!", I whispered angrily.
"Didn't you like that?  Didn't I do that right?!"  I was enjoying
making him fidget.

"It's not that...", Ted stuttered. "I just looked over, and she
was licking her finger...and..I...I mean...I've never..."

"Hey," I whispered, ready to let him off the hook.  This was fun,
but even I knew when to quit.  His cock was getting soft in my
hand.

The poor guy was confused, nervous, and coming down from a sexual
high all at the same time. Combine that with a "pissed-off"
girlfriend, and it was no wonder he was losing his hard-on.

"Hey, forget about it" I said. "I forgive you, lover.  In fact I
enjoyed her little show too!"  I gave his cock a knowing squeeze.
"Just don't get attached to HER lips before you've tried mine..."

"Unless you won't be needing THIS", I pulled his semi-hard prick
with my fist.  Hard enough to let him know I was serious.

Ted looked at me with shock and wonder.

"You..."

"Yeah, I was watching her too.", I whispered, smiling.  "It kinda
got me thinking about stuff."

"What kind of stuff?" ,Ted pleaded.

"Later," I hinted.  "Let's get these guys and get out of here.  I
think I've seen enough of this movie for tonight."

I leaned over to Jeannie and Al, who were nuzzling each other's
necks. I pushed my breasts back into my bra, and started to
button my blouse as I whispered to them.

"If you guys are done over there, your ride is leaving", I
whispered.  "We're gonna go find someplace a little less
crowded...wanna come?" I looked at Al.  "AGAIN", I added with a
smile.  His face turned fire engine red.
I made no attempt to hide the fact that I was buttoning my
blouse, and he watched my fingers move.

If he only knew...I thought, and laughed.

"Let's go", said Jeannie, fixing her own clothes.  "Maybe we can
share some "war stories" or something."  She looked at me and
grinned.

"Come on, lover", she said to Al.

We grabbed our stuff and hurried from the theater.  This was
gonna be a good night I told myself.  A really good night.

In the parking lot, we stood next to Ted's van as he looked for
his keys.


"How about going up to my uncle's lodge for a beer or two?", Ted
asked.

"The "little cabin?", I replied.  "Oh, yeah!  That would be
perfect!  Tonight, I think we NEED the cabin!  That would be
wonderful, Ted."

I kissed him deeply and moved my knee up to separate his thighs.
I leaned back against the side of the van as Ted's hands moved up
to cup my breasts.  "Mmmmm..." I moaned.

"Hey, lover boy!" Jeannie yelled.  "Is your uncle gonna be in
town this weekend?"

"He's gone for two weeks to Jamaica with on e of his girlfriend"
Ted replied, still playing with my tits.

I could feel his cock growing again against my leg.  I reached a
hand down and palmed his hardness.

"Well unlock this thing, brother", Al yelled back.  "We got a
party to go to!!"

Reluctantly releasing my breasts and moving away from my stroking
hand, Ted moved to unlock the doors to the van.

Jeannie and I slipped into the sliding door to the back and Al
jumped into the front shotgun seat.
Ted ran around the front and hopped behind the wheel.

"Let's go see how the other half live." Ted said with a laugh.

"Let's Party!!", Jeannie yelled as we roared onto the highway.

"To The Lake, Jeeves!", I joined in.
                      
                                                
                                
              *************************************
                                
            The Early Adventures of Tracy and Jeannie
                                
                          CHAPTER  TWO
              ************************************
                                
                                

Ted and Al rode in the front seat and Jeannie and I sat in the
captains chairs behind them.  I sat behind Ted, who was driving.
We were heading to what we called "The Lake".

Actually, where we were going was the Salmon River, about ten
miles out of town.  Ted's uncle had a lodge on the river and he
let us use it on the weekends, if he wasn't around.  He lived in
Chicago, so "not around" was pretty often.

The lodge sat on a large piece of land at the bend in the river
and the water there was about half a mile across, from shore to
shore.

So sitting on the dock that reached into the water, or sitting on
the front porch of the cabin gave the impression of being on a
larger body of water.  Ted was the one who started calling it
"The Lake" and it caught on with the four of us.

It was a wonderful place to go to.  At our age there wasn't a lot
a person could do other than go to the movies, or go "parking".

Obviously, we could have fun at the movies, but that got a little
expensive for someone in high school.

And parking was okay, too, but tough for a double date.  Someone
had to be in the front seat, and that always created problems.

So when Ted's uncle told him he could use the lodge occasionally
for fishing, or "whatever", Ted jumped at the chance.  And since
we'd been double dating with Jeannie and Al for close to a year,
we thought it only natural to invite them along.
We'd been coming up to the lodge, off and on, for about two
months now.  Ted's uncle, Mike, called the lodge his "little
cabin".

The "cabin" was actually a huge, richly appointed, four bedroom
log house that sat on a hundred and forty acres of prime
woodland.  He must have paid a fortune for it because it was
surrounded on three sides by national forest land and sat right
on the banks of the Salmon River, the largest river in the area.

Mike was a successful commodities broker in Chicago, and he'd fly
out here to California every couple of months to get away and
unwind.

Mike also had a reputation as a swinger and a playboy.  He was 31
years old, single and immensely wealthy, or at least appeared to
be.  Everytime we saw Mike, he'd have a beautiful young girl with
him, and the few times we visited him at the "cabin", they would
both be in various stages of undress.  Ted's uncle definitely
knew how to enjoy life.

We liked Mike...

There was plenty of room in the lodge for privacy, and usually
we'd separate and find our own little nook or cranny and make out
after drinking a few beers, or playing cards and such.

Tonight though, I had a feeling that the four of us were going to
experience a change in our relationship.  And I didn't feel that
privacy would be too much of a concern either.

The relationship between Jeannie and I had already changed.

After our little show and tell, without the tell, in the theater,
Jeannie and I had established the fact quite clearly that we
enjoyed "watching".  I guess it's more like we had DISCOVERED
that fact. But it was obvious to me that we had both enjoyed that
experience immensely.

How the boys would feel about it, if they knew, was another
matter. But I had a feeling that we'd be addressing that soon.

I felt myself getting wet again, remembering the sight of Al's
hard cock gliding through Jeannie's fingers.

"Lost in thought? Or lost in space?" Jeannie's voice cut through
my thoughts.

Laughing, I said, "Just lost I guess! Where are we?"

"Almost there", she said. "We just turned on to Old Post Road, so
we have about twenty minutes. I thought we'd lost you, there."

She grinned and handed me a bottle of Cuervo Gold Tequila.  It
was a new bottle, but it had obviously gone around once.  I took
a swig and shuddered.  The warmth hit me immediately.

"Where did this come from, guys?", I asked the front seat.
"Somebody raiding somebody's liquor cabinet?"

"My mom "forgot" she bought it", Ted replied.  "Too bad, huh?"

"Yeah", I said, leaning forward to pass him the bottle. "Too bad
we have to drive home. I wouldn't mind tying one on tonight,
seems like a great night to party."

As I spoke, I slid the bottle into Ted's lap, pushing it between
his legs.  As I released the bottle, I dropped my hand onto his
dick, which immediately started to grow under my fingers.

I turned my head to look at Al.  His gaze was riveted on my hand
in Ted's lap.  I smiled and repeated, "Yeah, a great night to
party."  I squeezed Ted's cock, grinned at Al, and leaned back
into my seat, my hand slowly gliding along the length of Ted's
shaft, and out of his lap.


"Hang on to that bottle boys," I cooed, settling back into my
seat. "But take it slow, you might need your strength..."

Both boys laughed nervously.

Jeannie, meanwhile had swiveled her seat around and was facing
the back of the van.  When I turned my seat to join her, she
leaned over to me and whispered, "God, I am so hot!  I've never
felt this way before.  Watching you in the movies, with Ted's
cock in your hand was TOO, TOO exciting!"

"You too," I replied.  "I can't believe we did that!"

"They'd kill us if they knew", Jeannie said with a scheming smile
on her face.  "I don't think they're ready for that.  But the
sight of Ted's cock coming off in your hand!  God!  He's sooo
BIG!"

Her eyes rolled back in her head, in mock dismay, and I laughed
at her antics.

As she was speaking, her hand moved up to her heaving chest, and
started to unconsciously move back and forth across her breasts.

"I can't stand it!", she whispered.

I dropped my eyes to follow the movement of her hand, and my own
hand crept up the front of my blouse.  "Me too!,", I whispered
back.

"You know", Jeannie continued, "I thought that I had gotten as
hot and as high as I was going to get, sexually speaking, without
actually fucking Al.  But after tonight I realize how little I
really know about this stuff.  I don't think we have to lose our
precious virginity to get off with a bang.  Or," she said,
motioning with her eyes towards the front seat, "to get them off
with a bang."

"Oh, they're easy", I said with a laugh. "Ted is perfectly happy
when I give him a slow hand job.  I let him play with my tits,
and use his wonderful fingers in my pussy" I shuddered thinking
about that.
"And he knows damn well that I don't plan on losing "anything"
right now."

My eyes stayed on Jeannie's hand, which was starting to unbutton
the buttons of her blouse and was slipping inside, moving slowly
over her bra.  Her eyes were closed as she listened to me.

I was transfixed by the motion of her hand and the expanse of
flesh that was showing.  Jeannie and I had seen each other naked
on hundreds of occasions but I'd never looked at her this way.
Now it was so SEXUAL...I really didn't know how to feel.  I did
know that it was getting me hot.  I'd worry about the rest later.
Tonight, after all, was party night.

I sat back and continued to caress my own breasts.  Jeannie was
getting me hot with her hand motions.  It was like watching an
X-rated movie starring my best friend!

Her hand slipped under her bra as she continued her fondling, and
my eyes followed each move.  My hands followed her lead,
squeezing my own tits through my blouse.

The guys were absorbed in quiet conversation in the front seat. I
couldn't hear what they were saying, but occasionally I'd hear
our names, or some "key" words, so I assumed they were talking
about us just as we were about them.  I turned my attention back
to Jeannie.

"I was just thinking...," she said dreamily, "Thinking... of how
hot I got.... watching you jerk Ted off...It was sooo Hot...!

Her fingers traced lazy circles around her nipples.

"Tell me something, Trace...", Jeannie whispered, leaning close
to me.  "Have you ever thought about sucking his cock...?  I mean
it looks so hot in those movies...It's kind of like just jerking
him off but you just use your mouth..."  Her voice had taken on a
dreamy tone.  And her eyes had glazed over.  I don't think she
was in need of an answer, so I just let her continue.  Her words
were getting me hot!

"Al's been hinting", she was whispering. "I think he's getting
tired of hand jobs."

She leaned close to my ear, with a conspiratorial look on her
face.

"And I've been wondering what it would be like to...you know...to
suck him."

She looked at me with wide eyes, searching my face for some kind
of approval, or support.

I was too confused to offer either, and I guess a response wasn't
really necessary.  Instead I just mumbled something like
"Hmmm..." and kept my eyes focused on her hand.

Her hand slipped back into the top of her bra, searching for, and
finding a nipple. She moaned softly, under her breath, as she
pinched it.

"I'll tell ya... Jeannie said, I've tasted his come a bunch of
times, but I've never really sucked his cock...Maybe it's
time..."
She was working herself up now, her hand busy under her bra, and
her legs were opening and closing to some unheard rhythm.

She wasn't really talking to ME, she was just talking.  Maybe
trying to convince herself.


"I think that maybe I'm ready for that."  Her eyes opened to two
slits and locked onto mine.

"And Al's hinted that he wants to, you know...eat me!  Use his
tongue on my pussy!  And I KNOW I'm ready for THAT! God! That
would feel sooo good...I just know it!"  Her left hand slid into
her lap, rubbing her pussy mound lightly through her jeans.

Her voice, although just barely loud enough for me to hear, was
getting raspy in her growing excitement.

Her breathing slowed as she attempted to regain her composure.
Her eyes opened and she looked at me.  "Geez...get a grip,
Jeannie, huh?", she laughed. "I'm losin' it here!  she shook her
head.


"Gimme that bottle!", she yelled to the front seat.  She reached
over, and behind her head, making a clutching motion with her
hand.

"Hand it here, you studmuffins!", she said with a laugh.
Al passed the bottle, and fit it into her outstretched hand.

"You're not getting drunk back there, are you?", Al asked with a
hint of concern in his voice.
Jeannie looked at me, as if to say she knew his "concern" was
coming more from his lap than his heart.

"Don't worry, loverboy...", she said, looking at me with a smile.
"I'm only getting drunk enough so you can take advantage of me!"

Jeannie laughed at the silence coming from the front seat.
"It's so easy to shake 'em up!", she whispered to me.

I was anxious to resume our conversation.  Talking about sex with
Jeannie was one of my all time favorite things to do.

"I've thought about sucking Ted's cock", I whispered to her.
"God, I think about it all the time.  If I knew I could do it
like we see in the movies I'd blow him right now.  I'm just not
sure how it would go, and I want Ted's first blow job to be
something he'll remember all his life."  My hands continued to
stroke my tits.
"Maybe I should practice on someone else first!", I said
laughing.

"I'll call Jim Burkley!", Jeannie laughed back at me.  That broke
us both up.  Jim Burkley was a basketball player at our high
school who, although he wasn't overly handsome, had a reputation
for being extremely "well endowed".  Rumor had it that his cock,
when fully erect, measured a full fourteen inches long with a
circumference of close to five and a half inches!

Julie, who's a close friend of Jeannie and I went out with him
once, and reported to us that the rumors were entirely true!  The
guy was huge, she said.  She could barely close her hand around
his cock as it grew in her hand, and she had to use both hands to
jerk him off!
But Julie did jerk him off, and more, and now they'd been going
steady for about four months.  They both looked really happy, but
Jeannie and I still talked about his "horse cock".

Maybe someday, I thought, I could get Julie to let me watch as
she jerked Jim off.

I took a few moments to imagine having that thing in my mouth.  I
couldn't picture it, but I could sure picture giving ol' Jim a
hand job.  I'd love to watch a big cock like that shoot.

I looked over at Jeannie and we both cracked up again at her
suggestion.  Obviously, she'd taken the same few minutes to
picture Jim's big dick in her mind.

I never really was too envious of Julie because I figured that a
cock that size is just too much to handle on a regular basis. I'm
sure she'd disagree, but I was more than happy with Ted's cock.

I never measured him, but I figured he was about nine and a half
inches long...still pretty big by most standards, and just
perfect by mine.

Jeannie said that she thought Al was more like eight inches long,
and after seeing him up close tonight, I figured she was right.
Al's cock though was about the same circumference as Ted's, and
she said it got as hard as a rock.  Ted's stays a bit pliable
when he gets hard, except for just before he comes.  Then it
hardens like steel and swells in my hand.  Mmmmmm....

Jeannie leaned over to me.  "Just in case we do play tonight",
she said, taking a drink and handing me the bottle, " I think
I'll give ol' Al a head start..."

With that she reached up and undid the front clasp of her bra.
Her breasts spilled out of their constraints and into her open
blouse.  She brought both of her hands up to gently knead and
squeeze them.

"Ooohh... That feels sooo good!  What a relief." she said to me,
her eyes were closed, and her breathing labored.

I stared at her naked tits, as my hand continued squeezing my
own.

Jeannie's breasts were perfectly formed, 34-C's that were right
out of a magazine.  She probably had the nicest tits of anyone in
our class, and maybe the whole school.

Her long flowing blond hair was another definate asset, believe me...
but the eyes of men AND women inevitably ended up focusing on her
tits.

Jeannie and I were about the same height, but for some reason, God 
had seen fit to grace her with the longest, tightest...most delicious
legs I'd ever seen on a girl.   All topped off with a cute, heart-shaped
ass that guys drooled over.

She knew that she was the object of many young (and old) boy's
fantasies, and used her assets to the max.  She loved to tease
the boys, but instead of wearing the tight sweaters and too small
blouses like some of the other girls wore, she preferred looser
clothes. Her more subtle approach gave her the opportunity to
leave a few buttons undone and lean towards a boy and give him a
view from the inside.  Also if she stretched just right, which
she always did...she could show off her size just as well as the
others.  Jeannie was too cool, and I loved her.

Jeannie told me that she loved to hear the guys groan when she'd
stretch, or lean over.  She said it made her hot knowing that
these guys were fantasize about feeling or licking her tits.  She
also loved to fantasize...

I felt a tingling starting up again in my pussy.  I was getting
hot watching Jeannie touch her breasts so sensuously.  Her eyes
were shut, but now she opened them slowly.  Seeing me staring at
her hands, she smiled dreamily, and wet her lips .

"What'dya say, Tracy, my friend", she panted, watching my hand on
my blouse,  "You gonna make me bounce in there by myself?"

"C'mon drop 'em", she pleaded. "Hurry up, we're almost at the
cabin.  Give the boys a little thrill tonight."

I figured what the hell, after what we've all been through so far
tonight, keeping my bra on was too close to false modesty. Modest
was the last thing I was feeling now.

As the van pulled into the dirt road turn-off for the cabin, I
started to hurriedly unbutton my blouse.  I was glad we were
turned away from the guys.
It would be a thrill letting them find out that we were
"unstrung".

When my blouse was unbuttoned, I leaned forward, and reaching
behind, unhooked my bra.  I pulled my bra through my sleeve-hole,
and, folding it up into a ball, dropped it into my lap.  I felt
so sexy to have the cool night air breathe over my nakedness.  My
nipples hardened and stood at full attention as I pinched them
and caressed my hot tits.

When I leaned back in my seat, I saw Jeannie staring at my tits,
gently caressing her own breasts as she watched me.  Instead of
buttoning her blouse, she leaned back and opened it so I could
see all of her.  She moaned when I did the same, giving her an
unobstructed view of my hands on my breasts.  My eyes moved from
her tits to her eyes, which were doing the same thing to me.

I groaned as she pinched her nipples.  Her tongue was making lazy
circles around her lips.

I started to wonder what her tits would feel like under my lips
and tongue...what her nipples would feel like rolling on my
tongue...
what her breasts would feel like in my hands....

Jeannie moaned, as if she could read my thoughts.  She started to
lean forward in her seat, her eyes fixed on my nipples and her
tongue dancing on her lips.

She steadied herself with a trembling hand on my thigh as she
moved her face towards my outthrust breast.  As I leaned forward
to meet her, her tongue grazed my right nipple.  I moaned softly
and reached a hand over to gently stroke her left breast with the
back of my hand, feeling her hard nipple ride over the ridges of
my fingers.

It was Jeannie's turn to moan, and she sucked my nipple into her
mouth, tickling it with her tongue.

Opening my hand, I encircled her full, firm breast, feeling the
heat of her excitement. Her full tit felt hot and wonderful in my
hand.  Her nipple felt like a hard marble in my palm.

I caught her nipple in between two fingers and gently teased it
into full erection.  Jeannie moaned and sucked more of my tit
into her mouth.  Her tongue was dancing madly over my nipple. She
pulled back a tiny bit and took my nipple in between her teeth,
chewing gently.  I moaned deeply and squeezed her breast tighter,
letting her know that I loved what she was doing. With my other
hand, I encircled the back of her head, pulling her face into my
tits.  I moaned again when she sucked deeply on my breast.

Jeannie and I had spent countless nights together, lying naked on
our beds, talking about cocks and cunts and even masturbating
ourselves into sexual frenzies while watching porno tapes, but
we'd never had a sexual contact before.

This was exhilarating, I thought.  This is incredible!

"This is too weird!", I thought, as Jeannie's hand started to
move up my thigh, towards my dripping pussy.  "Weird,
but,ooooohhh..."

My own hand slid up Jeannie's thigh until I felt the dampness of
her pussy through her slacks.  We were both lost in our lust.

"HERE WE ARE!", Ted yelled, breaking the spell.

Jeannie and I both nearly jumped out of our skin!  Looking out of
the van's window, I saw that we had just pulled up to the front
of Ted's uncle's lodge.  We looked at each other with dazed
expressions.  What had just happened had taken us both by
surprise!

Then we both broke out into peals of laughter.  Giggling like
five year olds, Jeannie and I hurriedly tried to hide our bras in
our purses and at the same time button our shirts before the guys
caught on.


I was so turned on, I couldn't think straight, which made the
whole process look like a Keystone Kops skit.

Finally, though, and in an amazingly short time considering the
circumstances, we made our selves presentable.

We kept giggling as we got out of the van and ran towards the
cabin, pushing and pinching each other, almost tripping over each
other. We were both a little embarrassed and bit confused, and
tried to hide it with playfulness.

My heart was pounding a mile a minute, though.

"What's gotten into those two?" Al asked Ted in a kidding voice..
"Hey, do you girls have your own party makin's or what?!"

"Something like that.", Jeannie answered.  "We'll show you
later!"

Well, that set us off again!  We had to lean against the porch
railing to keep from falling down, as Ted fumbled for his keys.

As Ted unlocked the front door, Al handed me the tequila bottle
with a quizzical smile on his face.

"Relax, Al", I said, sounding stern,and hugging him. "It's just a
girl thing. Not at all like a guy's thing...", I whispered to
him.

As I hugged him I moved my leg slightly between his, feeling his
cock on my leg.  I smiled to myself.

"Just a girl thing, you know?"  This set us both to giggling
again, and together we stumbled into the cabin.


********************

"Anyone want a beer?", Ted yelled from the kitchen.  "Yeah!", we
all yelled, in unison.

We were standing in the doorway to the living room.  The place
was huge and decorated in a southwestern motif, with pink and
green pastels and a lot of desert murals on the walls.  On one
wall was an original Georgia O'Keefe painting that Ted said was
worth a fortune.

"A beer might wash away some of this tequila taste in my mouth",
Al said.

Jeannie moved in beside him.  "What tequila taste, lover?"  She
kissed him deeply, sliding her tongue deep in his mouth.

Pressing against him, she broke their kiss and teased, "But I
kinda like that taste..."

"More tequila!!", Al yelled with a laugh.

Al kept one arm around Jeannie and reached to me for the bottle.
Looking over Al's shoulder, Jeannie winked at me.  As he took a
pull on the bottle, she let her hand drift over his ass, and then
around to his crotch.  I couldn't see her hand, but I knew where
it was headed.  I smiled back at her.

Al pulled back to allow her hand to get between them and groaned
as she grabbed his rapidly hardening shaft.

Still looking in my eyes, she said, "Tonight just might be a good
night for drinking..."  She emphasized the word "drinking" with a
long slow caress of his cock.  "If you know what I mean." she
said.

As if anyone didn't know what she meant. Al choked on his
tequila, but I think she was talking to me.

I knew then that she was planning to suck his cock tonight.  Her
"drinking" was going to be Al's come in her throat, not alcohol.
I stared into her eyes as she continued to stroke Al's cock
through his pants.

All of this activity between the three of us, must have made Ted
uncomfortable.  He was standing in the kitchen doorway with four
beers in his hand, and a puzzled look on his face.

From his position, he couldn't see Jeannie's hand on Al's cock,
and he had no idea what we were talking about.

Seeing his consternation, and wanting to avoid any discomfort, I
quickly moved over to him.  I took two of the beers and
whispered,
"They must be in love...I'll explain later..."

I looked in his eyes and winked to let him know that all was
okay.  He relaxed and smiled and followed me into the living
room.

"Anybody for cards?", I asked.  "I think a nice friendly game of
poker while we drink these beers might loosen this crowd up.  You
all are MUCH too serious!"

"Oh, gosh...", Jeannie cooed, in her best Marilyn Monroe voice,
"But I don't have any money, how can we play if I don't have any
money?"  She batted her eyes at Ted and Al.

Seeing where we were headed, the guys joined in.

"Well, I guess that we could play poker if you insisted on
playing poker." Ted deadpanned. "We could play for matchsticks or
something. I don't have much money either..."

"I'm usually not very good at poker.", said Al with a straight
face. "But I'm willing to play if y'all are. Especially if all I
can lose are matchsticks."

"I think the lady was referring to STRIP poker, boys", I joined
in.
"And although, they've started a few fires, I think you're
confusing "matchsticks" with MATCHSTICKS..."  I stared hard at
Ted's bulge, then into his eyes.

"Get my meaning, boys?", I breathed, doing my Jayne Mansfeild
voice.

"I'll get the cards", Ted said, jumping out of his chair.  "You
guys pick a spot to play.  Al, why don't you turn on the gas
fireplace...Let's heat this place up!"

"The floor looks good to me", said Jeannie, as Al turned on the
gas heater .
"Wouldn't want any ol' table getting in the way of me seeing my
winnings."  She scooted behind Al and wrapped her arms around
him.  She licked behind his ear as her hands played across his
broad chest.

I followed Ted out of the room.

Meeting him in the hall, I put my arms around his neck and kissed
him passionately, darting my tongue into his mouth.  Our tongues
battled for a minute, and then I drew his tongue into my mouth,
sucking on it and biting it gently.

I could feel his cock starting to grow between us.  Pulling back,
I kissed his neck, nibbling on his ear.

"Wow...What was that for?", Ted panted.

"Just a 'Thank You' for bringing us here tonight.  I love this
place with you..."

"Tonight's a special night", I whispered in his ear. "I just
wanted to start it special."  Reaching between us with my left
hand I cupped his large balls in my hand.  His sharp intake of
breath unmasked his surprise at my boldness.

With my other hand I guided his hand to my breast.  Another sharp
intake of breath told me he'd "figured out" my lack of a bra.  He
squeezed my breast excitedly.  Kissing him deeply again, I moved
my hand up to stroke his cock through his pants. He groaned and
moved his hips towards mine.

"I hope I win these pants tonight...", I teased. "I'm usually not
very lucky at cards." I stroked the full length of his now rock
hard cock, starting at the head and ending up cradling his full
balls in my palm.  I rubbed them gently, sticking my tongue in
his ear.

"I can make certain of it!", Ted panted."I've got a sure fire
method."  He continued to thrust his cock into my hand.

"I'm sure you do, lover.", I breathed in his ear.

More than anything, I wanted to open his zipper, then and there,
and take his cock in my hand, jerking him off 'till he came all
over the carpet.

But, after hinting to Ted about blow jobs in the theater, and the
talk with Jeannie in the van, I couldn't get the thought of
sucking him out of my mind.  What would it feel like?  Would I be
able to do it without choking or gagging?  Should he come in my
mouth? And if he did what would it taste like???

And, as important tonight, who would feel a hard cock on her
tongue first...Me?...or Jeannie?  Our normal, friendly
competition had taken an exciting turn this evening.  Both of us
seemed to have accepted a sort of unspoken challenge to see who
would be the first to experience a blow job. And I knew that it
couldn't be in this kind of setting, with Jeannie in one room and
me in another.  If the challenge were to mean anything, one of us
would have to see the other perform, just as it had always been.

Jeannie had always been the "first" in most of our little
contests.  She'd been the first to French kiss, the first to
allow a boy to "feel her up",  the first, when we were both
freshmen, to feel a boys hard cock through his jeans.

I thought that tonight might be different...Feeling Ted's hard
cock in my hand, I decided then and there that the first blow job
was going to be mine.  And Ted's, of course!  But how?  And when?
Could I do it?

It was all so confusing!

All these questions were going through my mind as I stroked Ted's
cock through his pants.  Finally, I decided that everything would
undoubtedly take care of itself.  The big questions often had a
habit of working themselves out.  I hoped that this would be no
exception.

"C'mon, lover-boy", I said, squeezing his shaft one last time,
"Let's see if you can handle those cards as well as you handle
this."

I led the way into the living room because I knew Ted would want
to hide the bulge in his pants.  He sighed his relief and walked
closely behind me.

Entering the living room, we saw Al and Jeannie sitting on the
couch, locked in a passionate embrace.

They were kissing deeply and Al's hand was inside her blouse,
moving slowly.  Obviously he had also found out about her little
braless treat.  Taking full advantage of it his hand was busy
with her tits.

"Geez, these guys are moving quick!", Ted whispered in my ear.
We were in the doorway and hadn't been noticed yet.

Both of them were moaning and panting and seemingly oblivious to
the fact that we had returned.

Ted made a motion to leave, but I grabbed his hand and pulled him
close.  Turning slightly I put my finger to my lips, telling him
to be quiet, and at the same time pulled him close behind me.  I
could feel his hardness against my ass, so I knew he was also
enjoying the sight of our friends going at it.

I leaned into Ted's cock and brought his hand around to my
breast.  Soon, both of his hands were kneading my tits through my
blouse.

Leaning into his strong arms, I brought a hand behind me and
found his hard-on.  I stroked it slowly as he kneaded my tits.

On the couch, Jeannie was sliding her hand up Al's thigh.  His
hands on her breasts were having the desired effect. She was
squirming under him and panting like a dog in the desert.

Moving her hand up his leg, she slid her hand over the obvious
bulge in his pants.  Stroking back and forth she started
whispering in his ear, softy but loud enough for Ted and I to
pick up if we strained...

"Ohhh..Al...your cock is so hard in my hand...it feels so good...
I love the feel of your hard prick...pump my hand,baby...squeeze
my tits, baby...squeeze them while I feel your hard dick...

Jeannie was driving Al crazy with her chanting.  To say nothing
of me!  I'd never in my life heard anyone talk like this...and it
was making me HOT!  But poor Al was going nuts.  And I could feel
Ted's cock moving in circles against my ass.  I squeezed his hand
on my tits.

It was like Al was trying to crawl inside of Jeannie's body.  His
hips were pumping furiously into her hand, and his breathing was
coming in ragged gasps.

His hands, meanwhile, had managed to unbutton Jeannie's blouse
most of the way down.  He stopped kissing her for a moment, and
pulled back to admire his handiwork.  When he did this Jeannie's
wonderfully firm tits spilled into view.  Al groaned as he
fondled her. I heard Ted groan too. I pinched his cock in mock
anger.

"God, I love your tits, Jeannie", Al moaned.  You've got
beautiful tits...Oohhh...let me kiss them...please...let me...."

Jeannie reached up with her free hand and pulled his head down to
her breasts.  Pushing his face into her tits, she resumed her
chanting....

"Yeah, baby...suck my tits, baby....take 'em in your mouth...Ohh
yeah...Al...Oh baby...bite 'em...bite my nipple...ohh, yeah, like
that....

Ted was in shock, I'm sure.  Standing behind me, he was rythmicly
thrusting his constrained cock into my ass, but was almost
absentmindedly caressing my tits.  He was totally engrossed in
what he was watching.  Must be new for him too, I thought as I
pushed my ass to meet his thrust.

Jeannie's hand had found Al's zipper now.  Pulling the tab down,
I could see that he wasn't wearing any underwear.  In between
Jeannie's hand and the small opening, I could see the flesh of
his hard cock.  My own breathing started to increase in volume.

I could feel that Ted was getting nervous.  He moved as if to
leave, but I held him there.  This was just getting good, I
thought.

Reaching my other hand behind me, I started to stroke his cock
through his trousers.  Turning my head to look at him, I pleaded
with my eyes for him to let us stay.
Pushing his cock into my hand I knew I'd convinced him to stay.

Jeannie was just pulling Al's cock out of his pants, as I
returned my attention back to "the show".  He groaned when she
wrapped her hand around it and started to pump.

I was seriously wet now.  Feeling Ted's hands on my tits and his
hard throbbing cock in my hand, I felt like I was in dreamland.
Except that this was like no dream I'd ever had!  This was
incredible.

Ted's fingers moved to the buttons on my blouse and slowly
started to undo them. Getting about five of them undone, he
reached his warm hands inside to fondle my naked breasts.  His
cock was jumping in my hand as I stroked him harder.

I found the tab of his zipper and pulled downwards.  Reaching in
to the opening, and pushing his underwear out of the way, I
grasped his hard cock and pulled it into the open.  With an
underhand grip, I started to slowly stroke him, feeling his pre-
come lubricate my hand immediately.

His hands on my naked breasts felt divine, but again, I shifted
my attention back to our friends on the couch.

Jeannie  was pumping Al's cock with wild abandon, using his
juices to lubricate her fingers as they slid up and down his
pole.

Al groaned as she started to whisper in his ear again:
"Your cock is getting me so HOT", she panted as she jerked him
off.

"I want to feel it all over me...I want to feel you fuck my
hand...ohhh lover, I love the feel of it....And...and...I want to
taste it...I want to taste it in my mouth and...SUCK IT!

Now Ted was the one who wanted to stay.  Behind me I felt his
cock jump in my hand when Jeannie said "suck it".

Jeannie was close to losing it now...she was close to the edge of
passion, jerking on Al's cock and panting over and over...

"Yeah...I'm gonna suck you off, Al...I'm gonna take this cock in
my mouth and suck your come into my mouth...Ohhh yeah...I want
it!
I'm gonna suck you tonight..."

Al was fucking her hand like a wild man, and Ted was starting to
fuck his cock into mine.  Al's face, buried in Jeannie's tits was
emitting muffled groans and pants.

I figured that things were getting out of hand, so to speak.

I wanted a slow easy "teasing" kind of evening.  I was truly
getting turned on, that's no lie, but I wanted this night to
last.  If these guys ended up with another hand job, I knew for a
fact that Jeannie would be disappointed.

And if Jeannie decided to take the plunge and suck Al's cock now,
then she'd have another first under her belt, or in her mouth.

I couldn't let her do that.  So in the true spirit of
competition, I figured I'd cheat a little.

I decided to try and cool things off for a little bit.

I pushed Ted backwards,and out of the room, which was no easy
task, believe me.

When we got to the hall he was almost pleading like a baby!

Still grasping his throbbing shaft in my wet hand, I slid my
other hand down to jack him with a two handed under grip.  He
moaned and poured his slippery pre-come into my hands.  The
feeling was delicious, but I knew we had to stop soon or he'd
come in my hands and the fun would be over.

Ted never had a problem getting hard again after he came, in fact
one night, at the drive in, with Jeannie and Al in the front
seat, I'd jerked Ted off three times during the show!  And each
time he came it was a handful!

But tonight was different.  I wanted our next episode to be a
classic.  I wanted to tease him and bait him until his balls were
so laden with come he'd be pleading to shoot!  I knew I could do
it if I could only restrain myself...and Ted, of course.

Plus, I needed to cool Jeannie's jets before she ended up with a
cock in her mouth!

"Enough," ,I said, slowing my stroking hands on his cock. "I
think it's time to play cards..."

Ted started whining like a child, his eyes full of pleading lust.

Continuing to stroke his rock hard boner, I said, "Trust me, Ted.
This is hard now...", I winked at him and he smiled,"...but
Everyone will enjoy themselves more later if we all take a
break."

"Okay, big guy?  I've got plans for this guy, and I want you to
last."

Ted nodded, but continued to push his cock into my hand...like he
wasn't quite sure..."Okay", he muttered.

"Thanks", I whispered.  I leaned back against the hall table and
opened my blouse with both hands.  Looking into Ted's eyes, I
started to fondle and caress my naked breasts.

"We'll have fun later, Ted. I promise you that.  Like I said,
this is party night."

I smiled when I saw Ted's hand reach down and begin to stroke his
own cock.
I'd never seen him do that and it made me hot to think he was so
horny.  I stared at his hand and licked my lips.  Looking up at
him, I slid one hand down to cup my mound.  I moved my hand in
and out sensuously.


"God, Tracy...", he said to me.  "You are so beautiful.  Your
breasts are so sexy when you do that..."  He was stroking his
cock with one hand and cupping his come laden balls with the
other.  All the while, he was staring at my exposed tits.

I thought that, someday, it might be fun to watch him masturbate
while he watched me do the same.  I moaned at the mental picture.

"Come on", I panted to Ted, "Let's get this party started before
we stand here and jerk OURSELVES off. Trust me, you'll regret
coming off in your hand tonight!"

I closed the two or three feet between us and took his hand away
from his cock and brought it up to my face.  Sticking out my
tongue, I licked his palm and stopped at the tip of his middle
finger.  The taste of his pre-come was wonderfully sexy.

I'd never been this bold or wanton before and Ted was in awe of
my behavior.  I must admit that I was turning myself on at the
same time.  I had decided on the way to the cabin that tonight
I'd be as open and sexy as I truly wanted to be.  I trusted all
three of these guys with my life and knew that whatever went on
between us, STAYED between us. That had been proven over the past
year, when Ted and I started to double date with Jeannie and Al.

And Ted and I had done some pretty outrageous things together.
Never a word of anything ever got out to our other friends.  I
trusted him completely.

And tonight I was going to loosen up and live MY fantasy.

Smiling at his open mouthed expression, as I licked his pre-come
juice off my palm, I wet his finger and slid it sensuously into
my mouth.  After sucking on it for a couple seconds, and sliding
my tongue around it, I slid it out just as slowly and looked up
into his eyes.

Keeping his eyes locked onto mine I leaned into him and slid my
body down his front, bending my knees as I went.  We both groaned
when his slippery cock slid over my tits.  I paused there for a
minute and let Ted fuck my tits, then I slid the rest of the way
down until I was kneeling in front of him, his hard cock only
inches from my face.

I was sorely tempted to get the suspense over with and suck his
hard-on into my mouth at that moment!
But Jeannie had to see it, or it wouldn't "count".  Resigned to
waiting, I gripped Ted's lance and prepared to put it away.

I looked up at him to let him know that "later" was going to be
worth it, but his eyes were locked shut, and his head was thrown
back.  He couldn't stand the anticipation! He wasn't sure what
was happening!

Seeing an opportunity, I quick flicked out my tongue and licked
the head of his cock.  Then I pumped his cock three times
quickly, and stuffed it into his pants.  By the time he brought
his head around to look at me, I was zipping his zipper and
standing up.  He didn't know if that was a tongue he felt or just
my hand.

"Did you...?", Ted stammered. "Did you just...uh..."

I grinned broadly at him, enjoying the e taste of his pre-come on
my tongue.

"Did I what?" I relied innocently.  I kissed him and thrust my
tongue into his mouth.  I'm sure he tasted his own juices on my
tongue, but just wasn't sure...

"Let's party...", I whispered.

"I'll get the cards", Ted sighed, rubbing his cock, and adjusting
his zipper.

"Better get some shot glasses too", I winked. Ted walked stiff-
legged into the kitchen and grabbed the deck of cards and four
shot glasses.

"Ready?", I asked coyly.  "Ready." Ted replied.

"WELL, THEN...", I yelled out. "LET'S PLAY SOME CARDS, THEN!!"
I made certain that Jeannie heard me, and to give them enough
time, I turned back to Ted.

I kissed him deeply, and gave his shaft a couple more long, slow
strokes, then leaned back and started to slowly and sexily button
my blouse, doing kind of a backwards striptease for Ted.  I left
the top four buttons undone, for effect.

He could see the shiny streak left from his cock sliding over my
tits.

We gave Jeannie and Al time to get themselves together, then
turned and walked sluggishly towards the living room.

Jeannie and Al were flushed and breathing heavily when we walked
in, but Al's cock was put neatly away, although, judging from his
expression, and the size of the bulge in his pants, it was no
simple task, and Jeannie was buttoning her blouse.  She stopped
buttoning when she saw Ted looking at her, and then slowly
finished her chore.  Looking over at me, she winked.


"So what have you guys been up to?", I asked coyly.  "We haven't
missed anything have we?"

"I don't think you missed anything", Jeannie replied.  She looked
me in the eye and grinned. "You didn't miss a thing..."

My mouth dropped open.  She'd known we were there all along!  The
little minx, I thought.  Obviously I had a few things to learn
about teasing. And "playing".

Jeannie burst out laughing when she saw the expression on my
face.
She knew she had gotten me good.  I lunged over and punched her
in the shoulder, hugging her at the same time, and laughing.

"What's the joke?", Al said.  "I don't get it?"

"We'll explain some other day, guys.", I replied, with tears in
my eyes.  "Let's just say that I owe Jeannie one."

"Oooohhh...that sounds perfect!", Jeannie said dreamily. "I can't
wait... but good luck!"  She winked at me and grinned.

The guys had absolutely no idea what was going on, and stared at
us with puzzled looks on there handsome faces.  I've always found
it amazing what a horny guy will put up with for just the promise
of "something" later.  We weren't being mean, I didn't think, but
they looked so lost.

I was also wondering what I could possibly do to compete with
Jeannie's "Show".  She'd totally blown me away, thinking I was
"spying", when all the time she knew Ted and I were standing
there, watching her jerk Al off, and listening to her tell him
that she wanted to suck him off!  How in hell could I top that!
It was a tough "challenge".

"But maybe not TOO tough", I thought to myself, looking into the
kitchen and getting the seed of an idea.  This brought a smile to
my lips and that made Jeannie stop laughing for a moment.

"What...?, she said.

"You'll see", I said with a grin. I licked my lips slowly.

"You'll SEE...", I repeated. "Get it?"  This brought another
round of giggles and laughs from the two of us, and more
consternation from the boys.

"Come on! Are we gonna play cards or not?", Ted said gruffly.  He
was getting uncomfortable not knowing what was going on, and was
starting to get angry.

"Oh, relax!", Jeannie yelled, jumping up from the couch.
"Keep your pants on ,studly.", she said, gliding over to where
Ted was standing.  "'Cause I plan on winning 'em from you!"

She placed a hand lightly on his chest, and let it slide down his
belly as she spoke, pulling away just before it reached the
obvious bulge in his pants.  Grinning, she turned back to Al and
I.

"So, let's play, shall we?  Cards I mean...I've got my eye on
some clothes I want to win!"

Jeannie sat down on the thick carpeting, her tits jiggling as she
did so.  I noticed that she, too, had left a number of buttons
undone.  I smiled at the thought of how close we were in the way
we did things.

Al joined Jeannie on the floor, and started to shuffle the cards.

Ted was still standing with his mouth open.  I think he was
suffering from sexual overload.  He'd never in his life been
subjected to this much teasing and touching.  He was trying to
figure out how to handle it without blowing up, spontaneously
combusting, or coming in his pants.  He needed help.

I walked over to him, kissed him on the cheek, and gently nudged
his cock with my leg.
"C'mon lover", I whispered. "The night is young.  How about a
shot and a beer?  It'll relax you...you're stiff as a board."

That brought a smile to his face, and the mention of a shot
brought him back to reality.  I took his hand and led him back to
the others.

"Whew..", Ted said as he sat down. "I must be losing my mind.  I
thought someone said STRIP poker.  You innocent young girls
wouldn't want to play STRIP poker, would you?  You might lose
everything, you know..."

I smiled, glad to see the old Ted back in his true form.

"Well, deal 'em stud.", I replied.  "These innocent young girls
are gonna be using your underwear for victory flags before this
game's done."

I placed my hand on his leg and slid it up and down, squeezing
his thigh.


           ******************************************
                                
            The Early Adventures of Tracy and Jeannie
                                
                          CHAPTER THREE
                                
            *****************************************
                                

We played cards for more than an hour.  In between hands, the
tequila bottle was passed, and Ted and Al made a number of beer
runs to the kitchen.  We were starting to get a buzz on to say
the least.

Jeannie, making her prediction come true, was the proud owner of
two pairs of boys pants, and a shirt that once belonged to Al.

We had decided that to make things more interesting, shoes,
socks, and jewelry didn't count so those disappeared first.

My pile contained Ted's shirt, and Jeannie's new Guess jeans.

Ted had yet to win anything, but was enjoying everyone else's
"winnings", or losings, as it were....

Al had "won" my pants, and I gave both guys a slow, teasing mini
strip show when I took them off.  No easy feat with a pair of
jeans, and everybody hooted and clapped their appreciation.

Jeannie, not wanting to be outdone, did a similar sexy strip
after she lost her pants the very next round.  The difference was
that when she pushed her jeans down, she "accidentally" pushed
her black silk panties down too.  Feigning surprise, she
hurriedly pulled her panties back up, but not before giving Al a
quick shot of her smooth, firm ass...and giving Ted and I a full
view of her silky blonde bush.

"Ooops...", she said, batting her eyes at me. "I guess I
slipped."

"Cute...", I replied, shaking my head as the boys cheered.

Once again, my friend had topped me.  It was a good thing we were
BEST friends, and that it was a fun game, cause otherwise I would
have started to get upset!

But I understood that the key here was to tease the boys into a
sexual frenzy.  And we were doing EQUALLY well in that
department.  Both of the guys had raging hard-ons by now...and we
both knew it.  I looked at Jeannie and smiled.

"These will look great with this blouse, don't you think?", I had
teased her when I won her jeans.

Jeannie stuck out her tongue at me and said haughtily,
"I wouldn't plan on keeping that blouse too much longer,darling.
"I've got a pretty good hand here."

"Pretty good ass, too, sugar!", laughed Al.




We were leaning on pillows by this time.  We all were buzzing
pretty good and I was getting hotter as the clothes came off.

Jeannie and I were both down to our shirts and panties, but the
boys had lost everything but their underwear. Al, who had
"forgotten" his, got a bathing suit from one of the bedrooms when
it came to his turn to shed his pants.

"Cheat! Cheat!", I yelled. But Ted sided with Al and we allowed
the violation.  Actually, the suit did very little to hide his
semi-hard cock, so I was kind of glad we had bent the rules.

And now that his cock was at full attention, there was even less
room in the suit.  The head of his cock was just starting to peek
over the top.

I caught Al's attention with my eyes, and then dropped my gaze to
his suit.  Staring at his cock, I licked my lips and let a slight
groan escape.  His cock immediately responded, growing longer,
and poking another inch out of it's prison.  I continued to lick
my lips as I returned my gaze to Al's face.  I knew I had gotten
to him and I reveled in my growing power as a woman.  I loved
this heat!

But back to the game...

The boys were looking mighty nervous as we played this next hand.
One more loss for either of them and we'd have a full nude show.

I was getting hot with anticipation.  Problem was, I was holding
the worst hand I'd had all night.

And just as I'd feared, I lost the hand.  The guys both cheered,
and Jeannie was looking at me with a renewed fire in her eyes,
wondering which part of my body I was going to expose.  It had to
be either my blouse or my panties, that's all I had left.  I
thought for a minute, then I made up my mind.

Winking at her, and grinning at first Ted, then Al, I stood up.
I was just drunk enough so I wasn't too nervous, and sober enough
to enjoy my own exhibitionism.

Moving over to stand in front of the fireplace, I slowly, very
slowly, started to unbutton my blouse.  At the same time I
started swaying back and forth to the music playing in the
background.  As each button came undone, more and more of my skin
was exposed.  I was getting wet knowing that all there eyes were
on me, waiting to drink in the sight of my naked tits.  I was too
excited!
And the heat from the fire behind me gave me courage.

I continued my agonizingly slow unbuttoning, watching each pair
of eyes, and watching them all licking their lips in expectation.
I hoped my excitement wasn't showing through my panties.

Pausing at the last button, I again looked up.  Six eyes were
transfixed on that one button.  Leaving it buttoned I moved my
hands up to my cotton covered breasts.  "Might as well make it
good", I thought.

"Geez...", I heard Al exclaim, as I squeezed my breasts.  I
smiled, and looked down to his crotch.  Half of his cock was now
sticking out from the top of his skimpy bathing suit. I don't
think he knew how exposed he was at that moment.

I reached inside my blouse to caress my tits, still hidden from
their view by the cloth, but open enough to give them glimpses.

Looking over to Ted, I saw that his cock was already rock hard.
It was still held back by his briefs, but the head, and about
three inches of meat were sticking out from the elastic.  I
licked my lips in anticipation.

Ted groaned and dropped his hand to his lap, gripping his hard
lance as he watched me.

Jeannie, meanwhile had leaned all the way back on her pillow. She
was making no move at all to hide her hand in her lap. Grinning
broadly, and staring at my hand inside my blouse, she was rubbing
her pussy slowly through her panties.  She knew the boys were
concentrating on me, and was doing her show solely for my
benefit.
Kind of a mutual support thing, I guess.  I smiled at her and
slowly licked my lips, staring at her busy fingers.

Turning my attention back to MY show, I pulled my hand from under
my blouse and slid them back down to the last button.

Focusing on Ted I whispered, "Ready...?"

All three of my friends said "YEAH!" in unison.  I grinned, undid
the last button, and whipped my blouse open and off in one fluid
motion. I tossed the blouse to Jeannie, who gave me a "thumbs
up".

Jeannie and Ted Cheered and applauded when this happened and I
bowed and said "Thank you...Thank you..." with a laugh.  I was
feeling as hot and excited as I was in the theater.

Glancing at Al, I saw him sitting with a blank face, staring at
my tits.  I smiled and reached up to squeeze them one more time
as I sat down cross-legged on the carpet.  A loud groan escaped
his lips, as I rolled both nipples between my fingers.

"Down, Rover!", Jeannie laughed.  She reached up and playfully
slapped Al in the back of the head.  "They're not THAT nice!"

"Sorry...", Al replied.  But his eyes stayed on my breasts.
Putting my arms behind me and leaning back, I gave him an
unobstructed view.  I smiled at him and tossed my hair
flirtatiously.  He loved it.

"I think the game's over...", I "whispered" to Ted, but so
everyone could hear.

Leaning over, I put my head on his shoulder, laying a hand softly
on his chest. "Unless your ready for another HAND..."  I slid my
hand slowly down his chest, stopping when I reached his hard
muscular belly.

"No, I think my concentration level is down", Ted replied with a
smile.  "I'd probably lose my shorts."  I grinned at his joke,
and slid my hand further down his belly, coming to rest on his
hard cock.

Stroking him through his underwear, I said, "You've already lost
them, big guy.  You didn't have a chance."  I slid my hand under
his waistband and encircled his shaft with my hand.  Pumping him
slowly, I felt his hand reach up to fondle my naked breast.

It was so sexy sitting here, almost naked, and with other people
in the room.  In all the time the four of us had spent together,
we'd all gotten off in various ways, and had all been in various
levels of undress, but always in a car, or in separate rooms, or
in the van.  This was the first time we'd all seen each other
naked, or close to it.  We were all feeling the sexual tension
and heat!

I could see, out of the corner of my eye, that Jeannie and Al
were both watching me pumping Ted's cock.  And that made it even
MORE exciting to me!  I could see Jeannie's hand covering the
head of Al's prick as it stuck out of his suit.
Her thumb was making lazy circles on his cockhead, spreading his
copious pre-come oil around.

She was twisting and squeezing him, and his hand was in her lap
stroking her wet pussy, but they were both leaning back on their
pillows, watching Ted and I play.  I was discovering that I loved
to be watched.


Moaning loudly, I pulled Ted over to me until he was above me
with his knees straddling my hips.  I was able to maneuver our
bodies into a position that allowed Jeannie and Al an
unobstructed view of our action.  Ted leaned over and kissed me
passionately, thrusting his tongue deep into my mouth.  At the
same time, his hands were all over my naked chest, squeezing my
breasts, pinching my nipples, and driving me crazy with lust.

I bit Ted's tongue gently, and sucked it deep into my mouth.
Sensing what I wanted, he started to thrust his hot tongue in and
out of my mouth like a cock.  I continued to suck and use my own
tongue to wet his lips and meet his thrusts.  God, I was Hot!

I heard Jeannie groan, and I knew it was getting to her.
"She ain't seen nothing yet", I thought gleefully.


I reached another hand down to join the first at Ted's crotch.
Making sure my leg was out of Jeannie and Al's line of view, I
pulled Ted's long, thick cock out of his briefs, and started
pumping him with two hands. Then bringing my left hand up to my
mouth, I licked my palm until in was soaked with saliva.
Returning that hand to Ted's thrusting boner, I repeated the
action with my right hand, then brought that down to join forces
with my left, giving Ted a slippery hand-tunnel to fuck his cock
into.

Ted moaned deep in his throat and started to fuck my hands.  The
head of his cock was hitting my belly on each upstroke, leaving a
long trail of slippery pre-come.  We'd never ever done anything
close to this, and he was going nuts!

In fact, in the year or so since we'd started going out, Ted had
never seen my tits totally exposed like this.  In the car, or
making out, he'd had my bra off, and my blouse undone, but never
NAKED like this.  We were both enjoying the heat!  His cock had
never felt bigger or hotter in my hands.  I could barely get my
hands to close around it as he pumped into them.

Time for round two, I thought nervously.  I was enjoying Ted's
cock immensely, and I had even thought for a minute hot wonderful
it would feel to have him spray his hot come on my tits and
belly, but I'd also promised myself earlier to try and top
Jeannie's earlier performances with Al.  It was time for her to
be jolted.  I just hoped I could carry it off.

********************

Making eye contact with Jeannie, I whispered to Ted that I was
uncomfortable here, and wanted to move into the kitchen.  He
whined a little bit, but seeing Jeannie and Al across the room,
he agreed.
He probably thought that I was nervous about the others being in
the same room...if he only knew!

As we walked by Jeannie and Al, who were pretending to be
engrossed in their own lovemaking, but were really watching our
every move, I again caught Jeannie's eye.
Winking and grinning at her, I let her know that it was "payback"
time.

She groaned as we walked by her.  My hand was wrapped around
Ted's throbbing pole, and I led him into the kitchen, which was
about five feet away from where Al and Jeannie were sitting on
the floor.

Turning and looking back at Jeannie, I pulled the door shut
behind us with a sly smile.  Behind me, I could hear Jeannie's
muffled protests.

Stopping on just the other side of the door, I made Ted lean back
against the side of the cabinets.  We were in the doorway, but
sheltered from view by the door.  But not for long...

See, the door was a "Dutch" door. The kind found in kitchens all
over.  There's a top and a bottom part to the door, so if you
want, you can shut the bottom part and leave the top part open,
for a breeze, or for a view.

Well, the "view" was exactly what I had in mind, but not the same
view that was in the mind of the guy who invented this door.
I latched the top half of the door, but left the bottom free.

Ted, being comfortable with the fact that the door was shut,
opened his arms to me with a smile.

"Alone at last...", he sighed.

"Alone at last", I agreed.

He kissed me, and again I found his tongue thrusting into my
mouth.
How I loved his tongue!  Such talent could be put to better use,
I thought, recalling what Jeannie had said in the van.

I reached for Ted's cock, and stroking it wildly, I panted in his
ear, "I love your hard cock, Ted...I love the feel of it... It's
so hard....so hot!"  I tongued his ear as I pumped him.
It was turning me on to be using Jeannie's words.  And I knew she
could hear me.

As I stroked Ted's shaft with one hand, I pushed hard at the
bottom part of the door with my foot.  I wanted to make sure it
opened all the way, but also didn't want to alert Ted by making
it hit the wall on the other side.

It opened perfectly!

I couldn't see Al or Jeannie, but I knew that they had a perfect
side view of the bottom two thirds of our bodies as we leaned
against the cabinets. This is perfect!, I thought.  As long as
they haven't gotten caught up in their own lovemaking, I would
soon be one up on Jeannie.  This was fun!

Not knowing if they were watching or not, but thrilling to the
thought of it, I started again the slow stroking of Ted's cock.
I knew, after all the teasing, we'd put him through, that he
wouldn't last long.  I had to hurry.

Gripping his pole firmly, I pulled it down until it was aimed
towards the floor.  Continuing my slow stroke, I got up on my
toes and straddled his long cock, pushing it between my legs.
I'm glad my panties are on I thought nervously, or this might
take a wrong turn.  I wanted to drive him crazy, but I didn't
want to fuck him...yet anyway.  I still wasn't ready to lose my
virginity.

Tonight was for something different.

Closing my legs, I trapped his cock between them, feeling his
delicious heat on my pussy.  I started to drip, thinking how
close his cock was to the "final frontier".  Ted's hips started
to pump.

Reaching behind him, I slid both hands over his firm ass,
whispering into his ear, "Careful, lover...go slow...I want this
to last...God, your cock is hard...it feels so good against me...

I slipped my hands into the elastic of his briefs, and tried to
slide them down.  Ted leaned forward of the cabinet and allowed
my hands to do their job.  I slid his underwear off his ass and
down as far as I could reach.  Then I slid my hands back to his
cock.

"You're gonna love this, Ted.  You are gonna love it...."

I tongued his ear as I talked to him, pumping his cock with my
hips and legs.  He was leaking huge amounts of pre-come now.  My
panties were soaked with it and my hands were starting to drip.

I reached under his cock and pulled up on it, increasing the
pressure on my pussy lips as he pumped in and out.
His cock slid in and out of my legs like a piston.  He was
groaning loudly now.

I smiled, knowing that his moans would get Jeannie's attention if
I didn't already have it.  I started to talk louder.

"Your cock is sooo hard and hot, baby...I love the way it slides
in my hand...you are making me sooo HOT!....Ooohhh I love it!"

I started to kiss his neck, and then his chest as I pumped him.

Ted's knees were starting to shake now as I slid my tongue around
his chest.  His breaths were becoming shorter and raspier.

"You know don't you, baby...you know what I want to do....I've
been talking about it and tonight I'm gonna..."

I'm gonna have my first blow job tonight, lover...I'm gonna lick
this cock of yours Teddy Boy..I'm gonna lick it and suck it into
my mouth..."

I continued my downward licking of Ted's chest.  When I reached
his belly, he yelled out.  I was afraid he was going to come just
from my talking about sucking him!  I quickened my movements,
licking his belly and the hair around his navel.  He was groaning
louder now.

Slowly I allowed my knees to bend as I continued down.  My hands
grabbed his underwear and I pulled it the rest of the way down to
his ankles.  Reaching back up, I encased his asscheeks with my
hands and, at the same dropped to my knees in front of him.



Well, here goes nothing, I thought, staring at his hard cock.  It
looked huge!  How was I gonna get that thing in my mouth?

I pulled on Ted's asscheeks, and pulled him closer to my face.
The smell of his manhood was making me dizzy with lust.  As I
buried my face in his crotch, I snuck a peek into the living
room.

I shouldn't have worried about those guys watching.  They had
gathered the pillows together, and were leaning back against the
back of the couch, watching Ted and I like they were watching a
movie!!

And they were only three feet away!  If Ted only knew!

I grinned from ear to ear.  Relishing my "victory", I got back to
Ted's hardness, that now was leaking his love juice on my
shoulder.

His cock was cradled between my shoulder and neck and he was
pumping in and out like a locomotive.  I pushed on his hips to
make him stop, and looked up at his face with lust lidded eyes.

"I'm gonna suck your cock...", I said, sticking out my tongue and
licking the very tip of his shaft. "I wanna suck your hard
cock..."

I heard Jeannie moan in the other room.

"I'm gonna suck it into my mouth and lick you...", I said against
his cockhead. I continued to flick it with my tongue.


"This is my first blow job, lover, and I think it's yours...and
I'm gonna do my best to make it a good one..."

This time it was Ted's turn to groan.  He was watching me lick
the end of his shaft and his knees were getting weak.

I leaned forward and started to slowly lick the entire head,
mixing his juices with my saliva.  The taste was wonderfully
salty and slightly bitter on my tongue.  It was incredibly
intoxicating.

I covered his entire cock with slow wet kisses, running my tongue
over the length of it and pausing occasionally to lick and suck
his balls, as I'd seen in the movies that Jeannie and I watched.

I shifted my gaze back to Ted's cock and leaned forward once
again, this time opening my lips slightly and taking just the tip
into my mouth. At the same time, I ran my tongue back and forth
across the tip, paying particular attention to the little slit in
the end.

I was dripping down my thighs, I was getting so turned on.
I wondered if Al and Jeannie would notice.

Continuing to lick and suck the tip of Ted's prick, I looked over
at Al and Jeannie.

They were both staring at me with half lidded eyes.  Al's suit
was off, and Jeannie had his cock in her hand pumping it up and
down.
Jeannie had unbuttoned her blouse and it was wide open.  Al's one
hand was fondling her tits, moving from one to the other, and
Jeannie's hand was busy in her lap.  I noticed with some surprise
that she'd also removed her panties, and was now fingering her
pussy with wild abandon.

And what was Really turning me on was the fact that Al's other
hand was there with her, and his finger was moving in and out of
her pussy in unison with her!  They were both groaning over and
over.  I'd never seen such a sexy scene. They were both watching
me intently.

As I watched, Jeannie looked at me and opened her knees as far as
she could, and thrust her pussy towards my face, showing me their
fingers pumping her pussy.  It was such a wanton thing to do that
I couldn't stop the loud groan from escaping my lips.  Jeannie
grinned broadly.

Taking Ted's cock in my hand, and looking directly at Jeannie and
Al, I slowly sucked the whole head into my mouth.  Jeannie's grin
faded, to be replaced with a look of astonished envy.

I smiled as best I could with Ted's cockhead stretching my lips.

I could feel his hot juices spilling onto my tongue as I sucked
his cock for all I was worth.  Ted started to fuck his cock into
my mouth and I opened up as best I could to accommodate him.  I
loved the feeling of his cock gliding over my tongue.  I looked
up into his eyes and winked.
I wanted Ted to know that I was loving this.  The taste, the
feel, the fantasy...I was loving it all.

Soon, I was able to get half of Ted's cock in my mouth.  He was
sliding it in and out slowly and groaning with each thrust.  My
lips were stretched to their max around his shaft.

I'd heard about "Deep-Throating", and Jeannie and I had watched a
movie, and seen a girl known as "Little Oral Annie" literally
swallow a cock that was longer than Ted's, but I knew that it
took lots of practice.
From the way he was moaning up there, I figured I'd have a
willing practice assistant, but for now I figured I'd wait to try
that.

His thrusts were increasing though, and his cock kept up it's
pace of sliding in and out of my lips, I was using my tongue on
the head, and Ted's continued to leak profusely into my mouth.  I
used my neck muscles to meet his cock on each upstroke.  It was
heavenly!  I was excited that it was going so well, and shut my
eyes to relish the feelings and tastes.

Opening my eyes, and shifting my gaze to Al and Jeannie, I saw
Jeannie was really going at it now.  She was stroking his cock
with the same rhythm that I was using to suck Ted, and I could
tell he was close to coming.  His eyes were glazed as he watched
me suck Ted's cock, and his hips were lifting off the floor.

I locked his eyes with mine and pulled Ted's cock out of my
mouth.
Pumping Ted's cock with my hand, I wrapped my tongue around the
head and gave him a fast tongue-bath.  Then I took it back into
my mouth and started hammerheading his shaft like I'd seen in the
movie.

Then, pulling his cock out of my mouth again, and maintaining eye
contact with Al, I started to jerk Ted off.  I stuck out my
tongue and laid the head on it as I continued to pump his hard
shaft with my hand.

I wanted to make Al come by watching me. It was making me so
fucking HOT!  I knew I could make him come!

Seeing what I was doing, Jeannie increased her efforts.  Her
pumping hand was just a blur on Al's cock.  Her hand was dripping
with pre-come now, and her hand slid easily up and down his
shaft.

She started chanting..."Come baby, come baby....Watch her suck
his cock...you're next, lover...I'm gonna suck you...come on..."

That was what it took.  Never taking his eyes from mine, Al
groaned loudly and lifted his hips off the floor.  His come shot
out of the end of his thrusting cock like Old Faithful!

Jeannie turned his cock in her direction and his come sprayed her
tits and face, soaking her with semen.  She cried out when it hit
her, as if it was scalding her.  She pulled her hand away from
her pussy and used it to spread the come on her tits and neck.
All the while, she was watching me jerk Ted off into my mouth.
She was moaning loudly.

Lifting her fingers to her mouth, she started sucking them in
rhythm to my pumping hand.

Suddenly, Ted tensed.  He slowed his thrusting hips and looked
down at me.  Looking into his eyes, I laid the head of his cock
on my tongue and started to slowly jerk him off.  At the same
time, I moved my tongue back and forth under his cockhead.

"Come in my mouth", I said, talking around his cock. "I want to
taste your come on my tongue...I want to feel you shoot in my
mouth... come on lover, come for me...come in my mouth..."

Ted tensed up. His whole body started shaking, and his knees
started to buckle under him.  I was so excited!!  I was about to
taste his come on my tongue for the first time!  I couldn't wait
to feel him shoot off in my mouth!

I started to suck him hard.  Taking as much of his cock in my
mouth as I could, until I felt it hit my throat.

Fuck it!, I thought, as I pulled his cock deeper.  I didn't care
if I gagged, I was so excited!

To my amazement, Ted's cock bent just as it hit my throat and
slid easily all the into my throat without stopping!  I couldn't
believe it!

I also couldn't breathe!!  I quickly pulled his cock out of my
mouth, and gasped for air!  Wow..,I thought.  I did it!
Unbelievable!  I just deep-throated Ted's Cock!!!

I looked over at Jeannie, and she couldn't believe it either,
from the open mouthed look on her face.  Both she and Al were
sitting upright now, making no pretense at all of being involved
in something else.

They were watching me suck a cock into my throat and wanted more!
I grinned at Al when I saw his cock rise to full staff.  Looking
at Jeannie, I grinned and said aloud,
"Watch this..."  I felt like the queen slut at a cock picnic.  I
was HOT!!

Turning my attention back to Ted, I saw he was looking at me with
a dazed expression.  He couldn't believe he'd just been deep
throated on his first blow job!

I couldn't believe I'd done it with MY first blow-job either, but
I wanted to get on with it.  I wanted MORE!

Feeling cocky now, I looked in his eyes and panted,

"Fuck me, Ted. Fuck my mouth with your cock until you come.  Fuck
my mouth while I suck your cock!  I want it in my Throat!"

I was turning myself on just hearing myself!  I sounded like such
a SLUT, and I loved it.  I FELT like a slut!  Sluttiness
certainly has it's place, I thought with a smile.

"Fuck my throat.", I said to Ted.

With that, I took his cock back into my mouth, tongueing the head
and sliding it back to my throat.  Again, it bent and slid all
the way down.  My nose was buried in his pubic hair.  I took a
deep breath through my nose and started to SUCK.

Ted's hips started to pump.  Slowly at first, enjoying the feel
of his cock in my throat, but then picking up speed.

Soon he was holding my head in his hands and really fucking my
mouth.

I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation.  I loved the feel of
his cock in my throat. It was so Powerful.

When he stopped thrusting I knew it was time.  He was going to
come.

Sucking as hard as I could, I drew his cock out of my mouth just
as the first volley of come shot out.

The first blast hit my bottom lip and dripped down over my tits.
It felt wonderfully warm on my face and chest.

I alternated jerking him off and sucking as the next blast shot
out. This one I made sure to catch in my mouth.  It flashed into
my mouth and hit my throat. I swallowed, thrilling with the
thick, slippery feel of his come as it slid down my throat into
my belly.

I turned so Jeannie could see Ted's cock shoot his come into my
mouth.  I was laughing with my mouth open as Ted continued to
shoot.  I'd seen him come in plentiful amounts before, when I'd
jerked him off, but this time was a record!  I couldn't stop
laughing with the thrill of it all!

I jerked him off as he filled my mouth with come.  Even with me
swallowing as fast as I could, there was so much that it
overflowed my lips and spilled down over my tits.  Like Jeannie,
I reached down and spread it around my chest and neck.  It felt
like hot oil!  I loved it!!

I looked over at Jeannie just as she started to come on her
finger.
Al was sucking on her nipples, and fucking his born-again cock in
and out of her hand.  Her hips were bucking like a bronco on her
fingers and she was almost screaming.  I saw Al get up on his
knees when he was ready to come.  He turned towards her face and
Jeannie jerked him off all over her tits and face again.  She
moaned as she came, staring at Ted's cock in my mouth, and
watching me spread the excess on my body.

Finally, Ted was losing steam.  I resumed my sucking, trying to
get every last drop of come from his dwindling cock.  I was in
heaven!
Kneeling at Ted's feet, covered in his come, I felt like the
consummate slut...and I loved it!

As I stood up and moved into Ted's arms, kissing him deeply and
passionately, I mused out loud:

"This has been quite a night, ladies and gentlemen.  Quite a
night!



           ******************************************
                                
            The Early Adventures of Tracy and Jeannie
                                
                          CHAPTER FOUR
                                
            *****************************************


When  Ted slowly regained his senses, he looked down and a little
to  his  left,  and noticed the Dutch door was only half  closed.
Curious  now, he gave me a quizzical look, pushed me back  gently
and  slowly pushed the top half of the door back.  I think he was
catching on to something...

As  he opened the top half of the door, he peered into the living
room and, at first, didn't see anything.  He was looking too  far
away!  Hearing the sound of someone clapping their hands lightly,
he  looked  down and saw Jeannie....naked except for  her  opened
blouse, her chest and face glistening with what looked like a LOT
of  oil, and not more than three feet away from his feet, smiling
a HUGE smile, and applauding.

It  STILL  didn't  register until he saw  Al  lying  beside  her,
seemingly unconscious, naked also, and panting harshly.  Then  he
looked  back at me...realization dawning in his eyes,  and  shock
registering on his face.

"You   two  teasing  bitches!",  Ted  yelled.   He  was   trying,
unsuccessfully, to hide the beginnings of a grin.

I  breathed a sigh of relief, and I think Jeannie did too.  I was
so  afraid Ted would be mad if he found out about his part in  my
"show".

"You've  both been teasing Al and me all night with your pranks,"
Ted  continued,  "but I never thought...Oh  shit!  You  two  were
watching US like we were watching YOU!  Oh, WOW!"

"You little trollop!", Ted shouted, turning to me.  Laughing,  he
grabbed me when I started to run, and drew me into his arms.

"So how'd we do, lover?", he said.

"Not bad, I think.", I replied. "I think you wowed the crowd with
that long thing of yours, Studdley.  I know you wowed me."
I lovingly fondled his spent tool.

"And  you  wowed me with that mouth of yours, sweet  stuff",  Ted
whispered.   "That was incredible!  I can't believe you  fit  the
whole thing in your mouth..."

He kissed me deeply, moving his tongue in and out of my mouth.

"I can't believe it either!"  Jeannie's voice was in my ear.

Surprised,  I  turned, and found that she'd  gotten  up  and  was
standing beside us in the doorway.  On the way, she'd decided  to
shed her blouse.  She was completely naked.


"And, by the way, Ted...", she continued, "Tracy here, took  that
schlong of yours into her THROAT, not her mouth.  Trust me,  from
the  front  row it looked like a magic act!  How'd you  do  that,
Trace?"

"I don't know, Jeannie", I answered.  "It just kinda happened."

"Geez,  and  I wanted to be the first.  I guess you got  me  this
time my friend", Jeannie whimpered with mock shame.

"But, you might help me out." Jeannie said, her eyes lighting  up
with burlesque-like excitement.  "I need some practice, and since
mine  is  out of commission," she looked back at Al who was  down
for the count, "Maybe, you could lend me yours...just to practice
with...I wouldn't keep it or anything..."

As  she  spoke,  her hand reached over to feel Ted's  limp  cock.
Curling  her  fingers  around it, she  started  a  slow  stroking
motion.

But  Ted,  although appreciating her manipulations,  was  totally
drained,  and a lot embarrassed.  I smiled a satisfied smile  and
turned to Jeannie.

"Sorry,  my  "friend"," I said sarcasticly, "but I  believe  that
I've SUCKED the life out of that cock in your hands.  Some of  us
know HOW to SUCK a cock, and others, like yourself...", I flipped
my hair back, "...others, will have to learn elsewhere!"

I  was teasing Jeannie and she knew it.  I don't think there  was
anything that could come between the two of us.  I was incredibly
proud  of  my  feat with Ted's cock, and Jeannie  was  definitely
jealous  as hell, but our friendship rose above all of that.   We
both  knew  that,  by  tomorrow, we'd be at her  house  or  mine,
comparing notes and trying to find new ways to be "the best".

For  now  though,  I took her hand from Ted's  wilted  dick,  and
brought it to my belly.

Ted,  grinning at our "Cat fight", and loving the  sight  of  our
naked  bodies, nonetheless decided to "take a breather" and  went
into  the  living  room and spread out on the couch.   He  didn't
bother  to  cover up, and although his cock was flaccid,  it  was
still formidable sight.  Jeannie stared at it longingly.

"I  think  that  what you're looking for," I said with  a  smile,
holding  her hand on my belly,  "Is in here.  I think I swallowed
most of it."

"Not  all...", Jeannie replied, her hand moving up, to  graze  my
breast, "Looks like you spilled some..."  Her hand traced  little
patterns in the thick come covering my chest and breasts.

"You  got a little on you, too", I said dreamily, doing the  same
to  her.   Boldly,  I cupped her breast and squeezed  it  gently,
feeling Al's come ooze between my fingers.

"I was so hot with you guys watching us..." I whispered.

Jeannie groaned as I fondled her tits.  Feeling a little crazy, I
leaned forward, taking her nipple into my mouth, and licked  Al's
come  off  her  breast.  I licked her tit until I'd  cleaned  the
entire  globe,  and in between licks I took her  nipple  into  my
mouth,  alternating  sucking  as hard  as  I  could  with  gently
nibbling  it.  Al's come was salty and the taste was  getting  me
hot  all  over again.  Moaning softly, I moved to lick her  other
breast, but she stopped me.

"My turn...", she whispered.  She leaned forward and took my left
nipple  into her mouth.  After sucking for only a second  or  two
she continued on, sucking and licking Ted's come from my tit.

When Jeannie smilingly looked up at me, and stuck out her tongue,
I could see that it was covered with creamy come.

"I  am so fucking HOT..." she whispered to me while nuzzling  her
face  into  my  breasts.   "Your tits are so  sexy,  Trace...I've
wanted to do this for so long..."


I  didn't try to stop her when she proceeded on to suck and  lick
my right breast.  It just felt too good.

Nor  did I stop her when, finished with washing my tits with  her
tongue,  she proceeded to lick downwards, lapping Ted's come  off
my  belly.   My hands caressed the back of her head,  and  knifed
through  her long blond hair, as she tried to find every drop  of
Ted's come.

The  pace  of  Jeannie's breathing was increasing as  her  tongue
moved  further down my belly, and little moans were escaping  her
lips.  I knew she was as turned on as I was.

At  last, her hands reached around me, and, as she lazily  licked
my  lower belly, her fingers caught in the top of my panties  and
she gently tugged downwards.

"You're the only one with any clothes on, girl!", she said with a
nervous laugh.  Her hands slid my panties down and off my legs.
I felt like I was dreaming again.  I was so fucking HIGH!

"C'mere  Jeannie...wait...", I whispered to  her,  as  her  hands
moved  up  my thighs, coming to rest on my red bush.  Her  thumbs
joined  forces  to rub my pussy and began to part my  lips...Both
our breathing was becoming labored...

I  knew  what  Jeannie was going to do, and  I  started  to  feel
lightheaded with desire.  Whenever the girl-girl scenes  came  up
in  the movies we watched, we would both make nervous jokes about
them, but secretly I was always curious...and always a lot turned
on.   At night I would dream, and I'd wonder what Jeannie's pussy
would taste like, or what her tongue would feel like in my pussy.
Now,  here  I was, about to find out about at least  half  of  my
fantasies.

I  felt  Jeannie's hot breath on my clit as she  moved  her  face
forward.  Her tongue flicked out, and for the first time  I  felt
someone  lick,  actually LICK, my pussy lips.   The  feeling  was
absolutely mind blowing!

I  was going to stop her, I really was....But that tongue felt so
fucking good...

Instead  of stopping my best girlfriend, I wrapped my fingers  in
her  flowing blonde mane and PULLED her face into my  pussy.   At
the same time, I crouched down a bit and spread my legs as far as
I could and still stand.

Jeannie  groaned  as my pussy lips opened to accept  her  probing
tongue.   She was nervous at first, for the same reasons  I  was,
but now she dove in like she'd just found an oasis in the desert.
Her tongue shot out and bore deep into the depths of my pussy.  I
groaned  as she licked me and she groaned her thanks.   God,  she
felt good!

Jeannie moved her head up and down, licking the full length of my
pussy.   She'd start close to my asshole, and would lick all  the
way to the top of my bush, then turn around and do it again. Over
and  over.   She  was  driving me crazy...both  with  the  actual
physical  licking she was giving me and also, and maybe more  so,
with  the  THOUGHT  of what we were doing.  It  was  all  such  a
fucking turn on!

Jeannie  was actually sucking my pussy!  Thrusting her  wonderful
tongue  in and out and sucking my clitoris just like I'd  dreamed
about!

I  was  bucking like a bronco on her tongue, knowing that  I  was
very close to coming.

My thighs were aching from squatting over her face, but I paid no
attention.

To  be  honest, I'd always thought of my dreams as being a little
weird...I  wasn't  quite  sure what  was  "normal"  or  what  was
"abnormal".   Jeannie, by taking the lead once  again,  laid  all
those  silly  fears to rest.  We'd never discussed this  type  of
sex, but obviously she was as much into it as I was.  It was such
a  relief!  And it felt so good, physically at the same time.   I
was floating on a cloud!!

The thought of my best girlfriend being the very first to lick my
pussy  made me even hotter.  She knew exactly where to lick,  and
exactly where to flick...she was incredible!

"I  love  the  taste  of you...", Jeannie panted.   "I've  always
wondered... what you'd taste like, Tracy..."

"I'm gonna come, Jeannie...", I whispered.  "If you keep that up,
I'm  gonna come...Ooohhh...yeah... do that....Unghhhh...Oh,  God,
your tongue feel so good...I've dreamed of you...Ooohhh...."

Jeannie  picked up her pace.  She thrust her tongue as deep  into
my pussy as possible and started to shake her head back and forth
like  an  epileptic  nay-sayer.   She  was  moaning  loudly  now,
grunting over and over as she thrust her tongue into me.  Both of
her  hands moved up my belly, and each found a willing tit.   She
groaned  into my pussy when I clasped her hands in mine...showing
her that I was giving myself to her fully.

I could feel my orgasm rising in my belly.

I crouched down further, pushing my pussy into her upturned face.
My orgasm exploded when she thrust her tongue deep, and rubbed my
clitoris with her nose.  That was all I could take!  I exploded!

"Oh  please,  Jeannie, please", I begged. "I'm gonna  come!   I'm
gonna...Unghhh...! Oh, do it, Jeannie, do it! Aahhhhh...."

I  was breathing too hard to speak anymore.  We were both moaning
and groaning, but neither of us could form a word.  I'd never, in
my whole life, felt anything as powerful as this!  My hips bucked
into  Jeannie's face, and she continued to lick and suck me as  I
came  on  her  tongue.  She was moaning and making  loud  sucking
noises, and I knew she was drinking my come.  It was SO HOT!

I could HEAR her sucking and swallowing my gushing juices.

I  almost  screamed as each wave broke over me.  I'd  never  come
this  hard  or  this  long before.  I was awash  in  the  sea  of
ecstacy.

I  continued to grind my pussy into Jeannie's upturned face.  She
was  trying to get her tongue so deep into my cunt that her  nose
was  grinding  into  my clit.  It made for a  wonderfully  sexual
pain!

I  felt  myself getting lightheaded again, and I reached for  the
counter top to regain some semblance of balance.  It did no good.

I  must have blacked out, for when I opened my eyes, I saw I  was
lying  on  the floor and Jeannie was kneeling beside me  grinning
like a monkey.

"That was AWESOME!", she panted. "You were wonderful!"

"What do you mean, "I" was wonderful?", I asked incredulously.
"You made me come like Niagara!" I grinned back at my friend.

"C'mere...", I said, pulling her face close to mine.
"Thanks," I whispered, "That was the best come I've ever had, bar
NONE!"

Jeannie smiled proudly. I pulled her face closer to mine and  for
the first time kissed her deeply, sending my tongue deep into her
mouth.   She  sucked on it like it was a cock, and I  obliged  by
thrusting it in and out of her lips.  She moaned when I did that.
Then  she offered her tongue into my mouth.  I sucked on  it  and
reveled in the taste of my own come.  I'd sucked my come  off  my
fingers  after  masturbating, but it was never  like  this.   The
mixture of tastes...Jeannie's saliva and my come was excilerating
and  so  fucking sexy.  I couldn't wait to taste her pussy.   Now
that  she'd shown me that my desires were as natural as  hers,  I
wanted nothing more than to feel her clit under my tongue and  to
taste her come juices pour onto my tongue and into my throat!

"Geez",  I  panted,  when  we broke our  kiss.  "Who  needs  boys
anyway?"

"Are  you  kidding?", Jeannie smiled. "It was the taste of  Ted's
come on your tits that got me going!  Or, made me go all the way,
I  guess.   His  come is soooo Yummy!"  She closed her  eyes  and
hugged herself.

"And  I've dreamed of doing that with you, Trace..." she said  as
her  eyes opened.  "I hope you don't think I'm weird or anything,
but  I've  dreamed of sucking your pussy.  And the reality  beats
the fantasy hands down!"

"That's good to know, Jeannie", I whispered, cupping both of  her
breasts in my hands and caressing them gently.  "Because I've had
the same dream.  Your tongue was better than I'd dare to imagine.
I've  never come so hard in my life.  The only part of my fantasy
that  didn't happen is me sticking my tongue into your pussy  and
draining you the way you just did me."

I  continued to fondle her breast with one hand while  the  other
traced  it's way down her belly and over her damp pubic hair.   I
could  feel her pussy lips under my fingers and I made a move  to
separate them and insert my middle finger into her pussy.

Jeannie groaned and moved to meet my advancing finger.

"No,  my friend" I panted, "I don't think you're weird.  I  think
you're wonderful!  You are a bit of a slut, though..."

I  grinned  at her when I said this, and slowly pushed my  finger
between her sopping wet pussy lips.
Jeannie groaned and got up on her knees, giving me greater access
to her love hole.

"Well,  at any rate...", I said to her. "I owe you one...and  I'm
anxious  to  pay  my debt..."  My finger slid  further  into  her
canal.
Jeannie  moaned  deeply and settling onto my finger,  driving  it
deeper into her.

"I  can't wait to taste you...", I whispered as she moved closer,
pumping her hips on my probing finger.

I  was  starting to fuck my finger in and out of her  pussy,  and
Jeannie was starting to move her pussy in a corresponding rhythm,
when we heard someone moving around in the living room.

"Damn...",  said  Jeannie, "I can't believe their  timing!"   She
clutched  my hand in her own and pulled my finger into her  pussy
as  far as it would go.  Fucking her pussy back and forth  on  my
hand  she whispered, "I guess we'll have to continue this  later,
lover."
"And  it  feels  SOOOOO  good!"  Her whole  face  was  wild  with
excitement.

She  closed her eyes, and slowly withdrew my drenched finger from
her  clutching  vagina.   I pulled my hand  up  to  my  lips  and
attempted  to lick and suck every drop of her pussy  juice  as  I
could off my finger.

The  noises from the living room were growing nearer, so  Jeannie
rolled  away from me and jumped to her feet just as Al stuck  his
head into the kitchen.

"Any beer left?", he asked with an innocent smile.

We  were pissed off at being interrupted, and still had a lot  of
passion  built up inside us, but what could we do?  At  least  Al
had timed his entry in such a way that we hadn't been "caught"!

Or  had  we?  I started to wonder, but didn't have time to  worry
about it as I heard Ted yell something from the living room.

Jeannie  threw  me a towel, and held her own up to "conceal"  her
nakedness.   Since they were only handtowels, her  comedic  touch
was  obvious and well appreciated.  I grinned and started to wipe
off what remained of Ted's come from my front.

With  a sigh, and a regretful glance at me, Jeannie moved to  the
fridge  to  check for brewskies, and I moved to get up  from  the
kitchen  floor.   We'd  just have to continue  this  "discussion"
later on.



                                
           *******************************************
                                
            The Early Adventures of Tracy and Jeannie
                                
                          CHAPTER FIVE
                                
           *******************************************
                                



The taste of Jeannie's pussy was still on my tongue as I stood up
in the kitchen.  We heard the padding of Al's footsteps, and I
smiled innocently as he entered the room.

Al's ruffled hair, and goofy grin lightened us up as I stood up.
Neither of us made a move to really cover our nudity and it was
obvious that Al appreciated that.  As he stared, I slowly rubbed
my breasts under the towel, then moved the towel down my belly...
slowly revealing my full breasts and hard nipples.

I could see his cock hardening under his towel as he watched my
performance.  I continued down with my towel covered hands until
the cloth was covering my pussy.  I held the towel tightly
between my mound and groaned deeply...all the while looking
directly at Al.

He had to move quickly to grab his towel, because his now rock
hard cock had pushed it out to where his wrap had come undone!

I smiled at him as he shyly turned towards the refrigerator.
As he walked to the fridge, he was re-wrapping his towel, but the
outline of his steel rod was clearly visible.

I looked at Jeannie and said,"Well, I guess they do have their
good points..." I motioned to Al's bulging towel. "But, I still
owe you one."

"Later...", She replied with a smile. "And I can't wait!  But now
for something completely different..."  She moved back over to
Al, who had his head in the fridge.

I went to see what Ted was up to in the living room.  It was
10:30, and we had to make plans for the night if we were going to
stay here.  It seemed that everyone was up for partying
on...especially after my cocksucking show.

A lot of inhibitions had been dropped with my little come bath. I
still couldn't believe that I'd done that!  Every time I thought
of Al and Jeannie's eyes on me while Ted shot his come into my
mouth I got hot all over again.


And my relationship with Al had certainly taken a new turn!  Four
hours ago, we were simply close friends.  Sure we flirted, and I
loved teasing him sexually, but it had always been simple
teasing.

Who would have thought that tonight I'd be standing in front of
him stark naked, and feeling myself up on top of that!

And I guess, with all things considered, I'd even tasted Al's
come in my mouth tonight, too!  It was licked off Jeannie's
boobs, granted, but it was still Al's come.  That thought gave me
a tingle.

I was feeling like such a slut this night.  And really loving it!
I mean, I was totally comfortable with my sexual feelings for the
first time in my seventeen years.  I felt as if I was floating on
air.  A participant in some kind of surrealistic fuck film.  I
felt so safe with my friends here that I felt I could do anything
I wanted, sexually speaking, and it would remain between the four
of us.

And there was so much to try!

We'd all grown a bit closer to adulthood, I think.  And there
were still a lot of options to consider this evening.  No one was
quite ready to go home...

Ted and Al each called their parents and said they were going
fishing tomorrow morning.  They planned on spending the night at
the "cabin" so they could get an early start. It was something
that they often did anyway, so there was no problem.

Then Jeannie called her mom, and told her that she and I were
going to sleep over at a "friend's" house.  She said that we'd
had a few beers and we'd rather stay over than drive drunk.
Jeannie and her mom had that kind of cool relationship.  But
then, Jeannie wasn't a troublemaker so it was a two way street.

Her mom said that she'd call my uncle and square it with him.

I breathed a sigh of relief...and the party continued.

After it was established that we'd be spending the night
together, things changed a bit.  Knowing that we weren't done
"playing", everyone got kind of a "second wind".  First, we
decided that another beer was in order, and Ted said he'd whip up
something to eat in the kitchen.


As the guys prepared our late night snack, Jeannie and I went in
search of something to cover up with.  Considering the mood, and
the fact that the guys were both walking around in towels,
neither one of us felt like putting our jeans and stuff back on.
We needed something loose and preferably sexy.

"Uncle Mike keeps some women's stuff in the third bedroom
closet.", Ted mentioned.  "I don't think he'd mind if you ladies
helped yourselves.  And, I'm sure Al and I would appreciate it!"
He winked at Al and returned to his cooking.

Jeannie and I went in search of the "third bedroom".  The house
had a total of four, so it wasn't too difficult to find the room
we were looking for.  But, of course, it was the LAST room we
looked in!

And, indeed he did keep some "women's stuff" around!  Hanging in
a huge walk-in closet, we found outfit after outfit of sexy
lingerie and silk robes!

"There must be a small fortune tied up in this stuff here!",
Jeannie cried, holding up an off-white outfit. "What do you
think?", she asked, "Is it me?"

The outfit she held up was complete with a peek-a-boo bra, skimpy
white, crotchless string panties, a lacy garter belt, and
matching stockings.  All covered in a plastic dry cleaner bag, as
was everything in the closet.

"It's you, all right...", I sighed. "It's you if you feel like
getting fucked tonight...or, sucked..."  I was still tingling
from our encounter.

"In fact", I said, moving close to her, and sliding the closet
door shut,  "Why don't you try on a few of these things while I
get comfortable..."

As I spoke to her, I let my knees bend and my tongue slid over
her naked body.  I paused to suck one tit into my mouth and then
continued on my downward journey.

I formed a mental picture of her in the outfit she held. Standing
over me as I lay on the carpet... slowly lowering her pussy to my
outstretched tongue...

"Hey, cool your jets, Trace...", Jeannie laughed, "We've got all
night!"

"Just a taste, Jeannie", I pleaded, sinking to my knees in front
of her.  "Please...just a little taste."  My tongue licked her
belly and continued down, playing in her soft blonde curls, and
finally feeling her sweet pussy lips.  Jeannie moaned softly as
my tongue easily parted her lips and moved into her wetness.
"Wait...come here...", Jeannie panted.  She took two steps
backwards to the dressing bench, and pulling my head with her,
she sat down on the velvet cushion.

"Just a taste...", she repeated. "Oooohhh.... you're tongue feels
so good...I knew it would feel good....oh, Trace...Suck me..."

As she chanted her words, Jeannie wrapped her fingers in my long
brown hair and pulled my face into her pussy.  Her position on
the small seat gave me perfect access to her pussy and clit, and
I took full advantage of it.

Thrusting my tongue out as far as I could, I pressed my face
tightly into her crotch.  Then flicking my tongue up and down, I
started to shake my head furiously from side to side.  The effect
was immediate!

Jeannie let out a loud wail and gripped the back of my head with
a strength I didn't know she had.  Slouching down into her seat,
she started to pump her pussy against my lips and tongue.  I
continued to thrust my tongue into her and shake my head back and
forth.

I could feel Jeannie start to come.  She was doing her best to
remain quiet, for the boys were just down the hall, but small
noises started to flow from her throat.  Little mewls at first
like a kitten, then growing in intensity until she was pumping
her pussy onto my tongue and gasping for air like a deep sea
diver who'd been down too long.

A trembling started in her thighs and I felt it move towards her
belly.  Suddenly her juices were literally pouring onto my
thrusting tongue!  I swear, I could feel her pussy walls
contract, then PUMP her juice into my mouth!

I dropped one hand into my lap and quickly inserted two, then
three fingers into my own cunt.  I pumped franticly as I drank
Jeannie's sweet come.  My own orgasm was sudden and powerful.  My
hands were dripping as I caught my love juice in my palm.  My
fingers pumped wildly in and out of my cunt.

Jeannie's orgasm was subsiding and she slowed her movements on my
tongue.  Her pussy was so wet and pliable that it completely
covered my chin and mouth.  My tongue continued to stab inward as
I tried to suck out every last drop of her come.

This was as thrilling to me as sucking Ted's cock into my throat!
The sweet taste of Jeannie's come and the smooth feeling of it
sliding down my throat was absolutely sensational!  Another
fantasy come true...God, what a night!


Jeannie slowly released her death-grip hold on my head.
"God...", she breathed. "That was beyond description..."

She pulled my face into her pussy again.  I obliged and sucked
gently on her outer lips, being careful to avoid her
oversensitive
clitoris.

Running her fingers through my hair, she sighed deeply, then
moved my head away from her crotch.  Turning my face up to meet
her gaze, she whispered tenderly, "That was incredible,
Trace...that was undoubtedly the best come I've ever had in my
life."

Jeannie's face was flushed and she was smiling the warmest,
dreamiest smile I'd ever seen.  I grinned back, feeling good
about being able to give such pleasure.  Especially when it felt
so good from my end!

Jeannie leaned over and kissed my lips.  Her tongue darted into
my mouth and she parried with my own tongue.  Then she licked my
lips and proceeded to lick my chin and cheeks...tasting her own
come on my face.

"I love you, Tracy", she said softly.  "You're my best friend in
the whole world."

I got up on my knees and hugged her to me.  "I love you, too,
Jeannie."  It was a wonderful and special moment.

But, even though our entire encounter had lasted only ten minutes
or so, we both knew the guys would be getting curious.  And we
still had to pick out and outfit or two...

I shook my head and laughed.  "Hey," I said, "Maybe I'm gay, and
never knew it...but I think I enjoyed that more than you did!"

Jeannie shook her head and rolled her eyes. "Well, girl...if
we're gay, then someone better explain why I keep picturing hard
cocks and imagining Al fucking my mouth like Ted fucked yours.

She caressed my head and traced her fingers over my lips.  I
stuck out my tongue and licked her fingers as they passed.
"You blew my mind back there girl", Jeannie continued, "but I
need a cock!  Maybe two...." She smiled at me and winked.

"Yeah...", I laughed.  "I gotta agree with you there, buddy.  I'm
thinking the same thing.  I love those guys!"

"Then let's find something to wear, and go find them!" Jeannie
said, laughing.  "I'm famished all of a sudden."

She walked over to the racks of lingerie, and started looking.  I
went over to the sink, rinsed off, and joined her.
"Let's save the good stuff for later", I said to Jeannie.  "The
boys might need some additional "stimulus" later on."  I held up
a black outfit similar to the one Jeannie had picked earlier.

"They might, but I won't." Jeannie replied.  "But, here, try this
on..."  She threw me a short, black silk robe.  Picking out a
similar, green robe for herself, she licked her lips and grinned.

"Maybe I'll play you a hand of cards for Ted later...he looked
mighty good earlier..." She winked when she saw a jealous flash
in my eyes.

I threw my robe over my shoulders and said to Jeannie, "C'mon,
you bitch, let's go eat something..."  I pinched her ass as I
left the closet.

Squealing, Jeannie grabbed her robe and followed me, chasing me
down the hall.

When we reached the kitchen, I saw that the guys had whipped up
some hamburgers and hot dogs, along with a huge salad, and were
getting ready to sit down at the small breakfast table.

"Let's eat!", I yelled as I grabbed a seat across from Ted and
Al.
"I'm so hungry I could eat a cow!"

"Mooo...", said Al, with a glint in his eye.  I smiled as his leg
touched mine under the table.

And it's still early!, I thought to myself.

********************

I decided to pass on the beer, and had a Diet Coke instead.  "I'm
planning on needing the caffeine buzz later.", I said, with a
wink at Jeannie.

"Good idea, Trace!", she replied.  "You guys better be awake
later too", she continued. "Or we might have to take matters into
our own hands."  She looked at me and winked.

"Just wake me up so I can watch!", Ted said.  "I think I'd like
that."  The look on his face told me that his fires had been
rekindled.  He was gazing at me intently, trying to "sneak a
peek" where my robe was separating in the front.

"Amazing...", I thought to myself.  Just 30 minutes ago we were
all as naked as we could be, with nothing left to the
imagination, but just put a few threads on, and BOOM!...the
imagination is back in full force!  And with it, the desire to
see what was hidden under those threads.  Amazing!

I was beginning to realize something about the power involved
with wearing the RIGHT things, as opposed to wearing
nothing...or, worst of all, wearing the WRONG thing.  It seemed
that men preferred a little adventure...a little teasing....it
seemed to get their blood flowing.  I'll just have to experiment
further in the weeks to come, I thought.

Meanwhile, in the present, I leaned towards Ted, "accidentally"
letting the front of my robe open just a bit with the motion.

"Don't tell me you'd prefer watching Jeannie and me play, than to
join in...?", I teased him.  All the while I was talking, his
eyes never moved from my breasts.

I huffed, and closed the front of my robe with a melodramatic
flair.

"No, no,...not at all...", Ted was stuttering.  "I didn't mean
that I didn't want to...I mean....What I meant was...Oh, HELL!"

We all burst out laughing at once.  Ted was hilarious, trying to
patch things up and explain.  I smiled at Jeannie, and she took
the cue.

"Don't worry, Teddy", she cooed, leaning into him and putting her
arm around his shoulder, "I think Trace forgives you, and we're
not ready for a show yet anyway.  We'll need a little more
practice..."

Jeannie looked at me when she said that, and slipping her tongue
through her lips, curled it in my direction.  Both boys groaned.
They THOUGHT that we were kidding, but weren't quite sure...

Ted turned, as if to respond to Jeannie, but stopped in mid-
thought when he realized that when she had put her arm around
him, the motion caused her robe to open completely, and the
pressure he felt on his right arm was from her naked breast
pressing against him!

Ted looked at Jeannie's nakedness, and then at her face.  Jeannie
returned his gaze with a huge grin, and her patented Groucho Marx
eyebrows.

I smiled to myself at the effortless cunning that Jeannie had
used to snare Ted's attention.  He was speechlessly drooling, and
she'd simply, and "innocently" put her arm around his shoulder. I
could see that the competition had resumed.  I was grinning from
ear to ear at the thought.

"Tiring" of Ted's staring at her exposed breasts, Jeannie feigned
surprise, quickly removed her arm, and closed her robe, tying it
tightly with the sash.

But the effort hadn't been wasted.  Ted now was wide awake, and
ready for more. He made no attempt to continue whatever he meant
to say.  His attention turned from Jeannie's 34's to the half
finished burger on his plate. He seemed embarrassed and confused.

I noticed that Al, being left out of the preceding play, was
appearing to develop a little jealous streak.  He was looking at
Ted...his best friend in the world Ted, with a look that was
somewhere between anger and envy.

Wanting to nip that feeling in the bud, I leaned over to whisper
in his ear.
"They're just kidding around, guy.  Don't take it so seriously."
"Relax...", I said.  Looking into Al's eyes, I quickly slid my
hand up his thigh, not stopping until I reached his balls.  With
only a moment's hesitation, I continued up and wrapped my hand
around his rapidly hardening cock.

Stroking the length of his pole slowly, I whispered, "They're
just playing around, Al.  Kinda like we are....Don't get pissed
off. Let's have some fun tonight...All of us...What'd'ya
say...Okay?"

"Yeah...sure...", Al stammered.  "I guess I was overreacting
there for a minute."

"Thanks", I said with a smile.  Reluctantly, I released his cock
and slid my hand back into my own lap.

"Not bad", I thought. "Not bad at all..."  Al's cock, although
shorter than Ted's, was nonetheless, JUST as exciting.  And the
shorter length made me wonder about how it would feel in my
mouth.
I sighed and closed my eyes, imagining Al's hard cock sliding
between my lips....

"How's about we commence ta eatin' folks!", Ted said, in his best
"John Wayne" accent.  At once everyone was laughing and releasing
the tension, sexual and otherwise, that had built up.

We all dove into the food like starving people.

Food was definitely a good idea.  I felt the energy coursing
through my body as I wolfed down a burger.  There wasn't a lot of
talking as we all attacked the feast of burgers and dogs.

"Hey, guys!", Al shouted, breaking the silence. "How's about we
all do a shot to celebrate our night out?!"

Everyone voiced their approval, and he leaped up to get the
bottle of Jose from the living room.



Feeling a little horny from stroking Al's cock, I scrunched down
in my seat, and slid my foot up Ted's leg, working my way up his
thigh, until I felt his balls under my toes.

Ted, for some reason, got a look of panic in his eyes, which I
just took for embarrassment.  Smiling mischievously, I continued
my search until I felt the base of his cock with my toes.  He was
hard as a rock.  I must really be getting to him, I thought.

I stretched my leg, longing to feel his broad cockhead with my
foot.

That's when I felt FINGERS with my foot!

I looked over to see Jeannie's face register first curiosity,
then shock.  She was caught with MY boyfriend's cock in her hand!

I hadn't noticed her arm under the table because my own attention
had been focused on HER boyfriend's cock!

Pretending to be the sophisticate, but in reality seeing the
ironic balance of the whole matter, I merely smiled, shrugged my
shoulders, and continued stroking Ted's cock with my foot.  In
fact, looking at Jeannie, I brought my other foot up to join the
first!

Looking down, and seeing what I was doing, and also seeing that I
wasn't pissed off, Jeannie smiled and joined the party in Ted's
lap by re-encircling his cock with her hand.

Her palm gripped the top of his hard pole, while I maneuvered my
feet to grip him on either side, creating a tunnel with my
arches.

Ted's head lolled back, and he closed his eyes.  He started to
pump his hard cock into my feet.
The feeling of Ted's cock gliding in and out of my connected feet
was strange, but at the same time, incredibly erotic.  I gripped
the table edge for support which caused my robe to fall open.

I was stretched out on a kitchen chair, for all intents and
purposes completely naked, and was attempting to jerk my
boyfriend off with my feet!  And at the same time, my best
girlfriend was helping me jerk my boyfriend off by gripping his
cockhead with her hand!

How wierd was this weekend gonna get anyhow!!?

I was starting to heat up, and decided that I really didn't give
a shit how wierd this would get.  I was loving it!!

Jeannie's robe also fell open with her moving around, and she
looked at me when she felt the cool air on her tits.  Releasing
my grip on the table, I brought my hands up to cradle my breasts.
My eyes shut as I squeezed and fondled my tits and nipples.

Ted followed the movement of my hands with lust filled eyes.  He
groaned when I started to squeeze my tits and offer them to him.
He started to pump his cock into my gripping feet.

I could feel Ted's cock getting wetter as he fucked my feet.  And
I could feel Jeannie's hand as it stroked and twisted his
cockhead.
The overall sensation was hypnotic.

As I closed my eyes and got into the sexual rhythm, I heard
Jeannie's urgent whisper.

"Tracy...watch!", she moaned.  Turning to Ted, she started her
familiar chanting...

"C'mon Ted...come for us, baby...", she whispered. "Fuck her feet
with that hard cock...oohhh, baby, you're cock is so fucking
hard... come for us Ted...c'mon, I want to see it shoot..."

Jeannie was pumping the top half of Ted's cock with short little
strokes like she was a sewing machine.  Ted started to groan
loudly. I squeezed my feet tighter on his thrusting meat.

Looking over at Jeannie, I saw her lust filled eyes focused on
the kitchen doorway.  Her stroke didn't falter or slow, but she
had a pleading look in her eye.

Following her gaze, I saw Al standing leaning on the door jamb,
his eyes wide, holding a bottle of tequila in one hand, and his
long hard cock in the other!

Too fucking wierd, I thought.  Again...

But Ted was starting to tense.  I knew he was gonna shoot.
Suddenly, he stopped his thrusts, and opened his eyes.  He was
staring at me like he was staring into my soul...then he came!

I couldn't see Ted's cock because of the table, and that made it
even more exciting in a strange way.  I could, though, see his
hot seed spray into the air as he shot.

His first blast of hot come landed squarely on Jeannie's cheek!

Her reflexes made her jump initially, but then she screamed,

"Oh, Yeah...! Come on me! Spray me!  Oh....God!..."

I smiled at her words, knowing how Ted's come felt when it hit
you.
And I loved the sight of my girlfriend being showered with my
boyfriend's come.  Somehow, it seemed right. I was sharing the
ultimate intimacy with my best friend.  I was in heaven again!

Ted continued to jerk his hips and with each motion, a new volley
of come hit Jeannie's body.  I knew then that she was aiming
Ted's come shots towards her body.  Otherwise, he would have been
shooting onto his own chest.  I wished I could see his cock
shoot.

Jeannie closed her eyes as Ted's bullets started to lessen.  She
was covered with his come and she was loving it.  And so was I.
Her tits were glistening, and she had a wet streak on her face
where Ted's first shot had landed.  The steak ended in a globlet
of semen dangling from her chin.

Turning to Al, who was still in the doorway, I motioned for him
to come closer.  Setting the bottle down, but keeping his grip on
his granite shaft, he took a few hesitant steps closer.


"C'mon Al", I panted.  "Fair is fair...Let me see you stroke your
hot cock...c'mon Al, jerk it off...I want to taste it...I want to
feel your hot come on my tits...C'mon baby...Jerk off on
Tracy...."

My hands cupped my breasts, offering them to Al and his cock. His
eyes closed, and his knees bent as he moved closer.

He was standing right next to me, pointing his cock at my face as
he jerked himself off. His eyes were focussed on my tits and my
hands.

I continued to caress my breasts and tease Al with my dirty
talking. Watching him pump his glistening rod was making my pussy
drip, and I knew I was really getting to him.  I wanted the
feeling of hot come on my tits again.  I needed to taste hot male
semen on my tongue again...One hand drifted under the table to
caress my pussy.

Keeping my eyes on Al's cock, I groaned and slid a finger into my
pussy.  Slowly I began to fingerfuck myself in time to Al's
strokes.

Suddenly, Jeannie was standing beside Al.  She'd gotten up from
the table and had walked over to where Al was jerking off for me.
Reaching around his hips, she encircled Al's pumping fist with
her own.  They worked together...jerking Al off.

I dropped my feet from Ted's chair, and turned to face Al and
Jeannie.  I continued to fuck my finger into my pussy, and spread
my legs further apart.

"Jerk off on me, Al...", I panted.  "Spray me with your hot
come...
I want to feel it...I want to taste it...."


I was masturbating in front of my friends, and I didn't give a
fuck! I was burning up!

The sight of Al and Jeannie pumping his cock was impossibly
erotic, and I started to come on my fingers.  My mouth dropped
open and I started to moan. I joined my first finger with a
second in my cunt and started pumping in and out furiously!  I
was coming slowly and steadily...I was lost in lust.

"Come in her mouth, Al", Jeannie was saying.  "Shoot your come
into her mouth...oh, Yeah...baby...She loves the taste of your
come, Al."

Her hand was a blur on Al's cock!  I knew he would shoot soon.
I knew what I wanted then.  I knew what I HAD to have!

"Yeah...", I said to Al. "Give me your come...I want it in my
mouth.  Come in my mouth, Al...come for me....I want to taste
your hot come!"

Jeannie's pumping hand was directing Al's cockhead towards my
lips.
Her other hand was frantically rubbing her clitoris.

I couldn't take any  more!  I reached out and encircled both
their hands with my own.  Now six hands were pumping Al's cock.
And it was all aimed at ME!

"Come here", I ordered Al.  My voice rang with need, and he
instantly responded, straddling my legs and moving the last six
inches towards me.

Now his cock was an inch from my face.  I stuck my tongue out and
grazed the tip as it showed from between our fingers.

I glanced over at Ted, and was washed with relief and a feeling
of hot lust as I saw him staring at the three of us.  His cock,
although semi-hard was encased in his fist and he stroked it as
he watched us.

"Fuck my mouth, Al...", I breathed, staring up into his face.
"I want you to fuck my mouth...and I want you to come in my
throat."

Looking into Jeannie's eyes, I repeated, "Fuck my mouth...I want
you to... please..."

Al's knees buckled, and he almost ended up sitting in my lap!  He
quickly regained his balance though, and moved forward the final
inch.

I moaned when I felt his cockhead touch my lips.  Parting them
slightly, I allowed his head to slide forward.  He started to
slowly fuck his cock into my mouth, stretching my lips as he
advanced.

Soon he had about half of his nine inches in my mouth. I pulled
my face back, releasing his cock and looked up at him.

"Now fuck me.", I demanded.

Al needed no further urging.  He slid his cock between my lips
and started to fuck my mouth like he'd just fucked his own hand.
His eyes closed, and he started to groan.
His cock slid slowly from my lips to my throat in long, even
thrusts.

Jeannie reached around to gently cradle his swinging balls and
that did it!

Suddenly my mouth was FULL of come!  I didn't feel Al shoot, it
was more like he just unloaded!  I swallowed as much as I could,
as he continued to fuck my mouth, but I couldn't keep up with the
flow.

His come overflowed my lips and cascaded like a waterfall over my
chin, dripping on my tits and running into my lap.  I sucked and
swallowed like a madwoman, annoyed at myself for missing Al's
come.

Jeannie was moaning loudly as she watched Al pour his semen into
my mouth.
"Oh, God, yeah Al...Come in her mouth...Oh, shit!  Look at it
all!...Fuck her...!"

As wonderful as it felt running over my tits, I wanted more to
taste it and to swallow it all.  I was comforted by reminding
myself that this was only my second blow job after all.  I was
bound to get better with practice.

And practice I would!  I loved the taste of their come and the
sticky feel of it!  I loved the feeling of Al's cock as it fucked
in and out of my lips.  I loved it all!

Then Al's knees buckled again.

As he slowly dropped into my lap, his cock slipped from my
sucking lips.  Still shooting his hot come, the last two volleys
hit me straight in the face, covering one cheek and my chin.

I started to laugh with erotic glee as Jeannie, not missing a
beat, gripped Al's cock as it slid from my lips.  Pumping madly,
she finished Al off on my already soaked tits.

Jeannie and I were laughing like kids at Christmas, Al was
comatose in my lap, with his head on my shoulder, moaning softly.
And, out of the corner of my eye, I saw Ted making his way around
the table.  His cock was rock hard again, and sticking out from
his front like a club!

Here we go again, I chuckled to myself.  What a night this was
gonna be!


Jeannie, noticing Ted's approach, released Al's cock and stood up
to face my boyfriend.  The look in her eye, somewhere between
fear and fuck, told me that she wasn't sure if Ted was angry or
not.

Then her eyes moved down and focussed on Ted's erect and swinging
prick, and she visibly relaxed.  The look in her eyes changed
immediately from fear to lust.

It was a time of discovery for us...a time when we were finding
out that all of us were basicly sluts, at least tonight.  And
tonight, anything went.

No jealousy...no mistrust...just pleasure, from wherever and
whoever.

It was a wonderful feeling.


"You're not gonna get jealous are you, Tedy?", she panted when he
reached her.  "I think Tracy was just returning the favor to Al."

She reached out to grasp Ted's hard cock in her hand, stroking it
up and down in an underhand grip.  As she did this, she moved
close to him and stood on her tiptoes.  She rubbed the head of
Ted's cock against her belly as she stuck out her tongue and
licked the underside of his neck, and then up to his chin and
cheek.

When her licking tongue reached his ear she noticed that Ted was
looking at me...with a look of confusion on his face.  He
appeared to me to be looking for approval..or, at least some kind
of sign that he wasn't in "trouble".

Under the circumstances, with Al sitting in my lap, and his come
still dripping from my chin and tits, I thought that Ted's look
was close to ludicrous.  I mean, I'd just sucked his best friends
cock and he was wondering if I'd be mad because MY best friend
was stroking his pole.

I smiled reassuringly, and licked my lips in the most sexual,
sensual manner I could, and Ted visibly relaxed.

Jeannie gave his cock a final tug, and fell into a
chair...feigning exhaustion.

"Hey, Al!", I shouted in his ear.  "Where's that tequila you went
to get?"

Al simply moaned...

We all laughed until tears were streaming down our faces, then
Ted went over to the sink, bringing back with him four clean shot
glasses and the Cuervo.

"I need a shower...", I sighed.

That got us laughing again, but after downing our shots, we each
grabbed a beer and headed to the showers.

It was only eleven thirty...we had a whole night ahead of us!

I started getting horny again just imagining what the night might
hold for us.



            *****************************************
                                
            The Early Adventures of Tracy and Jeannie
                                
                           CHAPTER SIX
                                
            *****************************************


Ted and I climbed into the shower first, taking time to adjust
the temperature and the flow until it was perfect.  Just this
side of scalding, and a spray strong enough to massage your skin
and muscle.

I breathed a deep sigh as the hot water washed Al's sticky come
from my tits.  I hugged Ted's muscular body to mine and kissed
him passionately.  I was deeply grateful that he wasn't jealous
or upset at me for sucking Al's cock.  It was just being caught
up in the moment I had explained.  And after all, the four of us
were as close to each other as friends could possibly get.  We
knew each others secrets and fears, their likes and dislikes, as
well as we each knew our own.

Tonight, we'd just taken that love and trust to another level.

And I didn't want to come down!

As for Ted, as he had come around the kitchen table with his
reborn hard-on waving to me...after only two minutes ago
showering Jeannie's body with his come, I knew that he had
enjoyed watching me suck the come from Al's cock just as much as
I had enjoyed doing it!

I hugged Ted as hard as I could in the shower now, loving the
feel of the hot water washing over us.

I was also feeling Ted's prick sneaking up between my legs.

"Geez," I said, "Doesn't it ever go down?"

"I guess you have the right moves to keep it up!"  Ted replied.
"You've got me hotter than I've ever been in my life Trace.  I
love what you do!"

His cock was at full staff now, and I relished the feeling of it
as he slid it between my grasping thighs.  The soap made him
slippery as he fucked my legs.  I closed my eyes and just enjoyed
the overall feeling of the steam, and the spray, and his cock...

A couple of minutes later, we were joined by Al and Jeannie.  I
guess they took some time to talk things over just as Ted and I
had.  By the smiles on their faces, I could see that everything
was fine.  They got their own shower head to the right temp and
flow and started to soap each other down.  Al's cock was flaccid
now, but he was wide awake again, and feeling his oats.

Jeannie, as usual, looked gorgeous with the water washing over
her magnificent tits.  I wondered when our time would come...

**********

It was fair to say that the bathroom was almost the largest room
in the house.  The only exception was the living room.

Ted's uncle loved to "entertain" the ladies, and he knew that one
way to impress a lady was with a bath room right out of the
fantasy magazines.

Well, this bath room fit the bill to a "T".  Under it's
greenhouse like glass roof, it was filled with large plants and
tropical foliage, giving one the feeling of being in a jungle.
Two walls were covered with floor to ceiling mirrors, which added
to the illusion of being in a jungle, doubling in your mind's
eye, the size of the room and the number of plants.

The other two walls were huge sliding glass doors that opened
with the push of a button, to allow access to the lawn outside
and the woods beyond.
Ted's uncle owned 145 acres surrounding his "hideaway", so there
was never any problem with privacy or worries about too much
noise.

Inside the room, you could lie back and luxuriate in the Jaccuzi
tub which comfortably fit six adults, take a private bath in the
smaller whirlpool tub, or, as we were doing enjoy the shower
area, which could, conceivably, hold eight.  It was HUGE!

The shower really was just a area in the middle of the room.
Sunken about four inches, with a drain in the middle, the area
had four separate shower heads with separate controls for each.
These jutted out from four pillars that ran floor to ceiling. The
pillars were almost covered in ivy-like vines, and at the top of
each was a floodlight that shown into the shower area, and each
light was controlled by a rheostat dimmer, keeping the mood
romantic.

Just as important as all the rest was the ventilation system.
According to Ted, his uncle had spent close to ten thousand
dollars installing a system of fans and ducts that, when switched
on, kept the moisture away from the mirrors, glass walls, and the
ceiling.

The end result was such that you could look up from a steaming
hot bath or shower and see a sky FULL of stars. Or, you could use
the mirrors however you wanted to, or gaze out into the woods
beyond, where occasionally, a deer or two would peer back at you.

It was all just TOO beautiful!

Amazingly, no one even came close to an orgasm in the shower.  I
think we were all just enjoying the erotic feeling of the hot
water on our skin.

Ted's cock was hard as a rock again, and Jeannie had a hard time
keeping her eyes off it, but she controlled herself and
concentrated on soaping her body, and soaping Al's cock.  Soon
Al, too, was back to full staff.

The stamina of these guys was fantastic!  Already, counting the
theater, which was only two hours ago, they had both come three
times and here they were, ready for action again!

**********************************************

**********************************************



I wandered outside the bath, through the sliding glass door and
shivered as the cool night air hit my nakedness.  I felt my
nipples harden as a chill washed over me.  I'd never, in my life
been outside like this...naked to the world, feeling the chill
air skim over my tits and between my legs.  As hot as I was this
night, The air and the woods only added to it.

I sat in one of the patio chairs and listened to my friends
playing in the shower.  Never had I felt so peaceful and at ease.
Love and trust was flowing amongst us all and I was caught up in
something I really didn't understand, but really didn't need to
understand.

It was easier and simpler just to let it flow.

Maybe it had something to do with the fact that I had finally
admitted to myself that I really enjoyed acting like a slut.  I'd
certainly had these feeling before, but rarely out loud, never in
action, and even thinking about them I felt a bit guilty.

Tonight, I'd allowed myself to open up...mentally and
physically...and found that I had friends who felt the same
passions, who enjoyed the same abandon, who enjoyed acting like
sluts also!

I wasn't wrong after all...and, more importantly...I wasn't
alone.

I sat in the night with my reflections.  At peace at last.

Except for the burning desire I was wallowing in.  There was no
peace in that.  Just hot desire that only sex could cool.

I smiled as I thought  of how much we'd changed in the past few
hours.  Sex was nothing new to Ted and I, but this level
certainly was.

The changes, of course, seemed quite positive, and surely seemed
to agree with Ted.  His cock seemed to have a life of it's own.
Or, maybe, nine lives....


The last time that Ted had come this many times in an evening was
the night after our night at the drive-in.  The night after I'd
watched Jeannie jerk Al off in the backseat for the first time.


It ad been Jeannie, in the back seat of Ted's mom's station
wagon, who had been the first to pull a guys hard cock into the
open and into her hand.

It was our second double date with Ted and Al, and just the next
night after our first date together.

I'd been dating Ted for about three months, and Jeannie had been
going out with Al for about two.

We'd spent many nights together over the last few weeks,
discussing our respective boyfriends, and what we'd done on our
dates.

Jeannie and I were running pretty much on parallel tracks when it
came to sexual fulfillment.  If she told me that Al had unhooked
her bra, and played with her tits, then the next opportunity I
had, I'd allow Ted the same "privilege".  That way, neither one
of us got too far "ahead", so to speak.  It was a game we'd been
playing for years, only now, it involved real guys, and real
cocks!

Anyway, last night after our first double date, I'd told Jeannie
that I had unzipped Ted's pants, and felt his cock with my
fingers!

We were parked in Ted's mom's car.   I'd been rubbing his hard
prick through his trousers, and he was playing with my tits
through my sweater.  It was really as far as we ever went, but
this night, I was feeling especially hot from Ted's hands.  I
fell in love with Ted's ability to caress my breasts "just the
right way".

Anyway, I was in the front seat with Ted, and his hands were
rhythmically squeezing my breasts through my sweater.  I couldn't
get the image of his cock out of my head, and without even
thinking about it, I moved my hand up, and pulled his zipper down
in one steady motion.  I continued to rub him on the outside of
his pants, but moved my thumb into the opening.

Ted moaned as my thumb grazed his naked cock!  He hadn't worn any
underwear that night, and with my thumb I felt hair and wetness
along his shaft.  I was moving my hand awkwardly, cause this was
the first time for me.  But as I was moving around to get my hand
into his opening, I felt him tense up, and hold his breath.

As he pumped his hips into my hand, I reached my fingers into his
pants and felt his cock in my hand for the first time!  I felt
him twitching, and I figured he was coming off in his pants.  I
explored a bit with my fingers, and I felt his sticky come
covering his pole.  It felt so thick and hot!

I felt so powerful knowing that I was making him come by just
touching him!  I was so hot!

Jeannie, of course, beat me up about the fact that I didn't pull
his cock out, and jerk him off.

"Chicken...!", she taunted me good naturedly.  "I would have at
least wrapped my hand around it, Trace...Geez, what a wimp!"

I was getting a bit pissed off with her jeering, even if she was
just playing.

"Well" I said to her.  "I didn't see you jerking anyone off, Miss
Sophisticate.  What happened to all of YOUR bravery?!!"

Jeannie looked at me as an idea formed in her head.

"Well, we've got the drive-in tomorrow night don't we?  Maybe
I'll just show you there..."  Her eyes got a lustful look.

"Really, Jeannie...?" I stammered. "Do you think..."

"What did it feel like?" Jeannie was all action now, and wanted
the details.  We spent a good part of the night sitting in bed
talking about hard cocks, and how to jerk them off.

I'd never seen his cock, actually, but I had many images to draw
from, thanks to Jeannie's frequent borrowing from her parents
huge X-rated video library.

Pretty much every weekend Jeannie and I would get together in my
room and watch her newest selection.  We'd often do this in the
afternoon, before our dates with the guys, and that's where our
little competition started.

Jeannie would get extremely hot during these viewings, as would
I, and often we'd end up masturbating ourselves slowly as we
stared at the screen.  Most of the films involved fucking, and,
at that time, we knew  we weren't ready for that.  Maybe in a few
years, or hell, maybe in a few months, but not now.  We both
agreed on that.
Besides, there were so many alternatives!

The films offered us a wonderful glimpse into the alternative
worlds of sex, and that's what really got us going.  Whenever a
new situation would present itself that looked hot but didn't
involve actual fucking,  we'd look at each other and smile.

Then we'd argue about who would do that first to her boyfriend,
or who would allow her boyfriend to do that to her.

Some things, like cocksucking, took some mental getting used
to...especially when we'd see the cock shooting come all over a
girls face or chest.  Not that we found the distasteful, in fact
it looked fucking HOT!

It was just that logistically it looked difficult.  Most of our
"sessions" with the guys took place at the movies, or at the
drive-in.  We'd rarely have an opportunity to use someone's
house, and we were NEVER naked.  So to have a cock shoot like
that meant some messy clothes to explain to our parents when we
got home.


I didn't think I was ready to suck Ted's cock but I'd been
thinking about it for a while...

Anyway, Jeannie and I would watch these fuck films, sometimes for
hours before we went out, and would challenge each other to do
certain things.

Naturally, at first, it was the simple things like "letting him
feel your tits", or, "letting him feel your thigh...THIS high..."

Lately, it had progressed to feeling the guys cocks under our
hands and feeling their hands on our naked tits.

Jeannie was the first one to let Al open her blouse and unhook
her bra, but at least I was the first to feel a naked cock, even
if I didn't take it out and jerk Ted off!

Jeannie did concede that, after we finished jousting with each
other.   And she admitted that I was also the first to feel real
come on my fingers, and to smell it.

By the time we got to sleep, we were worn out and very, very
horny.

I went to sleep thinking about the next evening, and dreamed all
night of Ted's pumping cock shooting off in my hands.

I was nervous, but more excited than I'd ever been!


"You okay, babe...?"  Ted's voice cut through my reminiscing.
"You've been out here for quite a while...I got worried."

The sincerity in Ted's voice made me shiver again.

"Yeah, Ted...I'm really great." I replied, turning to face him.
He was standing in the doorway, leaning out to talk.  I grinned
as I noticed his hard cock jutting out from his waist.

"I'm fine, lover.  Just flashing back on some of the fun we've
had this year.  Remember the drive-in...?"  I grinned as Ted's
cock jumped.  "I was just remembering the first time I jerked you
off..."

"Yeah....I do remember.  That was quite a weekend.  And this is
another one, lover...C'mon in and let's make a new memory!"  Ted
was grinning from ear to ear.  He was obviously having the best
time of his life.

Come to think of it, so was I!

We shared a moment, then I turned back to my thoughts.  I was
enjoying this re-living of the past.

"I'll be in in a minute or two..." I said to him.  I turned to
glance again at his pole.  "But keep that thing warm for me,
huh?"

Ted groaned with a smile and slid the door shut.  I went back to
that first night at the drive-in.

**********
**********

So here we were, it was Saturday night and we were steaming up
the windows once more in Ted's mom's station wagon.

Ted and I were in the front seat, and Al and Jeannie were in the
back.  I was lying on my back with my head in Ted's lap and he
was doing his best to stick his tongue down my throat.  I could
feel the heat and hardness of his cock against my neck.

His hands were working their magic on my breasts as he kissed me.

I moaned when I felt him working on the buttons of my blouse, so
duly encouraged, Ted proceeded to unbutton every one, pausing
occasionally to see if I was going to stop him.

Stopping him tonight was the last thing on my mind!!  I couldn't
wait to feel his warm hands playing over my tits.  In fact, I
even reached down, untucked my blouse, and unbuttoned the final
button that had been hidden in my skirt!  I felt his cock jump,
and he moaned into my open mouth.

As Ted kissed me passionately, I moved my head back and forth on
his hard-on.  The motion of my head on his cock made him even
hotter, and he kissed me deeper, making my head move even more!
My mind was torn between thinking about his cock being my pillow,
and thinking about his hands on my tits.  I was panting like a
racehorse, I was so hot!  Ted's tongue was moving in and out of
my mouth as I sucked frantically on it.  With my eyes closed, I
was imagining that it was a cock in my mouth rather than a
tongue.

The thought made me shiver with excitement and suck harder on
Ted's tongue, trying to draw it deeper into my mouth.

Suddenly I felt both of Ted's hands close over my breasts.  I
moaned loudly, knowing that Jeannie was listening to us, but
mostly because Ted's hands felt so damn good!

My legs were opening and closing involuntarily, and I felt the
night air on my legs as my skirt fell away from my thighs.

His cock jumped beneath my head as I felt him turn his head to
look at my legs.  I knew he could see the new black panties I'd
worn!

I was so fucking hot knowing that I was lying with my head in
Ted's lap, with my blouse unbuttoned and open, and my skirt
around my waist!  I was close to naked in his arms!!  I groaned
at the thought, and worked my head against Ted's hard-on.

I turned my head to the side, and I could feel his cock against
my cheek.  My mind raced as I worked my tongue against the inside
of my cheek, feeling his cock through the skin.  I knew that he
could feel my tongue against his hard cock, and I turned my head
back to face him giving him a mischievous smile.

During this time Ted's hands didn't miss a beat.  His left met
his right in the middle of my bra, and I knew what was next.

I looked him in the eye as I felt my center clasp give way, and
groaned loudly as I felt my tits spill into view.  Ted dove down
immediately and sucked my right nipple into his mouth.  I groaned
again, and pushed my tit into his face.  At the same time I shook
my head vigorously from side to side against his cock.

Ted sucked one of my nipples and covered my other tit with his
left hand, as I felt his right hand moving along the seat.  I
smiled against his lips as I imagined where it was going...

Then I felt it on my knee.  Ted rested his hand there for a
moment, and then slowly started to move up my leg.  His hand felt
wonderful on my naked thigh.

When he reached about half way up my leg, I slammed my legs shut,
trapping his hand.  He immediately tried to with draw his hand
but I held it fast!  He opened his eyes and looked in mine, a
quizzically guilty expression on his face.

He thought he'd been "caught", but I was looking for emphasis.

I smiled up at him and slowly opened my legs, spreading them
until my left leg hit the dash, and my right hit the seat back.
I pumped my hips off the seat, making my skirt fall further
upwards and exposing the small expanse of skin between my panties
and the waistband of my skirt.

I wantonly offered my panty covered pussy to his probing hand.  I
felt so sexy being this exposed to him.  I felt my pussy getting
wet with anticipation, and underneath my panties, I could feel my
lips parting and opening as I spread my legs as wide as I could.

Ted's eyes widened as far as my legs!  I think that both of us
were getting shocked by my boldness!  But both of us were
enjoying it too!

His hand slid up my leg until I felt him against my pussy.  This
was a first for both of us, and I for one, was impossibly turned
on.

I started to come as soon as I felt the back of Ted's hand
against my lips.  My hips started to pump as Ted turned his hand
and cupped my mound.  I reached down and covered his hand with
mine, pulling him closer to my cunt.  I know he must have felt my
wetness as I came against his hand.  I was in ecstasy!!  His
middle finger pushed my panties into my cunt as I pulled him
closer.

I was coming like I'd never come before against his finger.  I
wanted so badly for him to move my panties aside and slide his
finger into my pussy.  But just the thought of that was
triggering an orgasm that totally incapacitated me.

I just pumped my hips against Ted's hand and moaned repeatedly
into his mouth.

This was the first time in my life that a hand other than my own
had caused me to have an orgasm!!   I was almost laughing out
loud as I fucked my pussy into Ted's hand!  I felt glorious!

I kissed Ted's neck, and held his hand still as my orgasm
subsided.  As I came to my senses, I was suddenly aware of Ted's
hips pumping into the back of my head.

"Poor guy..." I thought and I smiled at him.  I knew he was ready
to explode from the heat!

I thought back to the conversation that Jeannie and I had last
night (and all through today...) about jerking a guy off.

I had one thought in my mind then.  And that was unzipping Ted's
pants, taking out his cock and jerking him off until he came.

I imagined him shooting off in high spurting arcs that landed all
around us...

I'd never seen a real cock shoot, cause I'd never really jerked a
boy off, but I'd seen plenty of shooting cocks in the videos
Jeannie and I watched.

And then, I "remembered" Jeannie and Al in the backseat.  Of
course, I knew they were there all along, but I hadn't been
thinking about them.  I'd been distracted...

I kissed Ted, and sat up, hugging my knees as another wave of
pleasure washed over me.

I turned and fell into Ted's waiting arms.  My naked tits burned
against his chest as I kissed him deeply.  At the same time, I
glanced over the top of the seat and snuck a peek at Jeannie and
Al.

The heat continued as I saw them locked in a passionately sexual
embrace.  Al's hands were inside Jeannie's blouse, and her hand
was in Al's lap stroking his hard cock.

I reached my hand down and laid it on Ted's thigh.  He moaned as
I slid higher, knowing what I was going after.

I felt like a queen as I confidently kept moving upwards until I
felt his balls next to my hand.  Not pausing for a moment, I kept
moving until I felt his long hard cock under my hand.  I felt his
wetness even through his pants, and knew that he was close to
coming.  I stroked his cock slowly, up and down, wanting it to
last a little longer for him.  I know that my hand on his cock
had made Ted come in his pants on other occasions, but this time
I wanted more.

Ted moaned in appreciation on my handiwork.  I continued to pump
him through his pants,  but my eyes and my attention shifted to
the back seat, where Jeannie and Al were going at it, hot and
heavy!

Jeannie was stroking Al's cock through his jeans, and I started
matching her, move for move, slowly stroking Ted's cock and
enjoying his gentle caresses on my tits.

The windows were so steamed up that we couldn't have seen the
movie if we had to!

Suddenly, I saw Jeannie's left hand join her right in Al's lap. I
heard his sharp intake of breath as she used two hands on his
hardness.

I saw her fingers move to unbutton his pants and I knew she was
going in "for the kill".  She looked up and smiled when she saw
me watching.  She slowly pulled Al's zipper down as far as it
would go.

I realized then that Jeannie had been waiting for me to peek over
the seat!
She was determined to be the first of us to hold a cock in her
hand!  And she wanted me to witness it!  She smiled her most
delighted smile at me, and reached into Al's pants.

"Two can play this game" I thought.

I smiled back at her and slid my hand up Ted's cock.  I undid his
belt, making certain to make plenty of noise with the buckle, and
undid the top button on his pants.  Ted was panting now, and
moaning softly.  His hips kept up their pumping motion into my
hand.

I looked back as I heard Al groan.  He was moving his hands over
Jeannie's chest and I noticed that one of her breasts had escaped
it's confinement.

I knew that Jeannie had Al's cock in her hand, but I couldn't see
anything!

I grasped Ted's zipper and slowly pulled it down.  In a repeat of
last nights "performance", I slid three finger into his opening,
keeping an eye on Jeannie and Al.

I just played my fingertips over the surface of Ted's hardness,
loving the feeling of his hot skin under my hand.  I left his
cock in his pants though,  I wanted to watch Jeannie first...
And, I wanted my full attention on Ted as I made him come.  I
didn't want to miss that!

She and Al were both extremely excited.  And so was I!

Al unhooked Jeannie's front clasp of her bra, and her tits
spilled out into his waiting hands.  Immediately he dove down and
sucked a nipple into his mouth, his hand encircling her right tit
at the same time.

I heard Jeannie moan and her head tilted back, as Al nibbled her
nipple.  I could see her elbow moving and knew she was pumping
his cock, but she'd lost control, and I'd lost my view!

I felt like yelling at Al to move the hell out of the way so I
could see Jeannie jerk him off, but realized that would upset the
whole apple cart.

To say nothing about upsetting Ted.  I'm sure he'd have been a
little distressed to know that my attention was focused on his
best friend's cock and not his own!

Anyway, I kept my composure.  Luckily, Jeannie came down from her
high, and realized that Al was blocking my view.

She whispered in his ear and he released her breast.  He looked a
little confused but Jeannie had him sit back in his seat and she
continued to stroke his cock slowly.  She kissed him to put him
at ease, and then, releasing his cock, and sitting back against
the door, she reached up and deftly slipped her blouse off her
shoulders.

Both Al and I had a sharp intake of breath as she did this, and
that made Jeannie smile.

She also removed her unhooked bra, and leaned back, giving Al a
full view of her naked tits.  Jeannie was totally naked from the
waist up now, and her skirt had ridden up her legs to expose her
thighs and her red panties.

Still smiling, her face showing that she was caught up in the
lust filled moment, she brought her long blond hair over her
shoulders and covered her tits with it.  Then, shutting her eyes,
she started to squeeze her breasts through her hair.  She was
moaning softly and undulating her body like a belly dancer.

Al started stroking his cock as he watched Jeannie, and my hand
reached further into Ted's pants.

Jeannie was outdoing herself tonight.  She was turning me on
immensely, to say nothing about poor Al!


He was panting heavily by now and his cock was jumping all by
itself.

Acting calm and collected, Jeannie put her bra into her purse,
and then slipped her blouse back over her shoulders.  She left it
unbuttoned, though, and flipped the sides away so her tits were
still exposed.

Then she smiled and moved her hand up to grip Al's cock again.
It glistened with dripping pre-come juice as Jeannie's hand
worked it up and down.

Al just slouched down into his seat, and let her have her way...

She turned her head slightly and, catching my eye, she smiled
broadly, then turned her attention back to Al.

The end result of her performance was that now Al was sitting
straight back in his seat.  His desire to suck and lick Jeannie's
tits had been replaced with his desire to have Jeannie stroke his
naked cock with her hand.


And the other result was that I now had a dead on, unobstructed
view of Jeannie jerking her boyfriend off!  God, she was slick!
The girl never ceased to amaze me.  Jeannie smiled at me again
and winked as she pumped the full length of Al's cock for my
benefit.

Her hand was sheathed with the wet film of Al's pre-come, and it
was making slick wet noises as she pumped him off.

Her own panting was increasing.  I knew she was getting as turned
on as Al, just knowing she was going to bring him off!

My own hand continued to stroke Ted's hard cock inside his pants.
I was tempted to follow Jeannie's lead and open his pants and
pull his cock out, but I was still just a little nervous.  Plus,
I was engrossed with watching Jeannie and Al.

She was first, I would give her that, but I took comfort in the
knowledge that I'd be jerking Ted off in a minute or two.

First, though, I wanted to see Jeannie jerk Al off!  I couldn't
wait to see his cock shoot!  It was like watching a movie!

Ted's warm hands felt wonderful on my naked tits, and I got an
idea.  I'd at least follow one lead of Jeannie's.

Removing my hand from Ted's cock, I leaned back against the
passenger door.  Ted got the same confused look on his face that
Al had gotten.  So far so good I thought with a smile.

Looking over at Ted, I reached up and opened my blouse, exposing
my tits to his stare.  I moved both hands up and cupped my
breasts, bringing a groan from his lips.  Then I grabbed the
sides of my blouse and as Jeannie had done, slowly pulled it off
my shoulders.

As an extra touch, I leaned forward and handed it to Ted, who's
mouth was hanging open.  I loved the "power" even then.

Next I pulled my arms through the straps of my bra and removed
that.  I felt so sexy to be this naked in front of him.  It was
dark in the car, and he certainly didn't have a clear view, but
I'm also sure that his imagination made up for what his eyes were
missing!

"Can I have that, now..." I purred.  My hands were covering my
tits, but were squeezing them at the same time.  "Thanks" I said
when Ted handed me my blouse.  He was moving like a zombie.  He
couldn't believe his eyes.

I was getting so hot by teasing him and turning him on like this!
I noticed that his cock had escaped the confines of his trousers
and was sticking in the air like a redwood tree!  It glistened in
the light from the dashboard.

I took my time putting my arms through the sleeves to allow him a
clear as possible view.  Then, like Jeannie had, I slipped it on
and flipped the sides back.

"That's much better..." I whispered to Ted, moving into his arms.

I reached over and encircled his cock with my hand, relishing the
slippery feel of his juices as they squeezed through my fingers.

I was holding a hard, naked cock in my hand!  The feeling was
awesome!  I looked into Ted's eyes and started to jerk him off.

The power I felt, holding his huge hard-on, was fantastic.  I
chided myself for waiting this long for something this good.

He groaned out loud as his cock slid through my clutching hand. I
started to pump faster, wanting to feel him come in my hand.

I'd made Ted come in his pants before, but I'd never held a cock
in my hand, to say nothing of a spurting one!!  I was getting
majorly excited.

I looked back at Jeannie who was vigorously  pumping Al's cock.
She was looking back at me, having heard Ted's groans as I pumped
his prick.  She leaned back so I could see her hand.  Her eyes
were wild with lust.

I moaned as she started to stroke her boyfriends cock.  She
looked at me and smiled, but then focused her gaze on the cock in
her hand.

It was the first real hard cock that either one of us had seen,
except for in X-rated movies, and I didn't blame her for giving
it her full attention.

As she continued to stroke his cock, Jeannie leaned over and
started kissing Al passionately, shoving her long tongue into his
mouth.  At the same time she offered her tits to his exploring
hands.  I focused on Al's cock in her hand and saw it glisten
with pre-come leakage.

Jeannie moaned as she felt his wetness in her hand, and she
jerked him off faster.  All of a sudden Al's cock was spurting
into the air!!

Jeannie was as surprised as I was, and let out a loud squeal!
"Oh, wow!  AL!  Oh, yeah...!"  She was whispering, but whispering
loud enough so I'm sure Ted heard her.

Al's come shot out of the end of his cock like a firehose with no
one manning it.  Most of it stayed in his lap, but the first
spray had struck Jeannie's shoulder and was dripping between her
tits, soaking into her blouse.

She looked as shocked as Al when all this happened, and both of
them were breathing as hard as locomotives when Al came in her
hand.  She finished jerking him off with a huge, proud grin on
her face!

Jeannie told me later that she felt as if she'd just climbed a
high mountain, or finished a marathon.  It was such a sense of
accomplishment!   She also said that she loved it!

And once again she'd beaten me to a sex goal.

"But not by much..." I smiled to myself as I turned my head to
watch Ted's cock fucking my hand.

Ted was close, I could feel it.  I kissed him passionately,
sucking and biting his tongue, and then sat back in my seat.

"Now I'm going to jerk you off, Ted Burgess!" I thought to
myself.

I gripped his pole and started to jackhammer my fist up and down.
I used my right hand so that Jeannie could see my shoulder
moving.  She knew I was jerking Ted off, but she couldn't see a
thing!  She must have been SO frustrated!!  I loved it!

I kept my attention focused on Ted's cock as it appeared and
disappeared through my fist.  His copious pre-come was pouring
from his slit.  My hand felt as if I'd grabbed a stick of butter!
He was groaning steadily now, oblivious of the fact that others
were in the car.

I pumped him hard until I felt his body stiffen, and heard his
sharp intake of air.

It was my introduction to what the magazines call "copious
amounts of semen".
I've since gotten used to the amount of come that spills from
Ted's cock, but this firsat time was a shocker!

I'd just seen Al come, and his first shot had hit Jeannie's
shoulder.  But the rest of his ejaculation had fallen neatly into
her hand.

I expected a similar thing to happen as I jerked Ted's cock.

Ted's first shot struck the ceiling of the station wagon and made
a huge wet stain in the fabric!

I looked up in awe as my eyes followed the shot, marveling at the
distance his juice had traveled.  My hand kept it's stroking
though.

I jerked him off as fast as I could, and his come just poured out
of his cock!  My hand was covered with thick semen, and he was
still shooting into the air. On his third pump, I had his cock
away from his belly, but pointed back.

Ted groaned loudly and shot a load of sperm high into the air. It
skimmed my cheek, and that made me smile, and I saw the rest sail
over my shoulder, and over the seat back!

I heard Jeannie moan and then giggle.  She couldn't see, but she
was certainly enjoying the sounds.  And I think she'd just felt
Ted's come land on her!  I looked back and she was staring back
at me with a huge grin.  This was so exciting!

My blouse was soaked with sweat and semen, and Ted's whole front
looked like someone had hit him with a water balloon!!

I continued to stroke his softening prick and savored the feel of
his come in my hand.  The smells that filled the car were
hypnotic.

I smiled at Ted and reached into the glove compartment for the
box of tissues I knew were there.   I wiped my cheek, and smelled
Ted's potent come as my right hand passed near my nose.  I smiled
at Ted as I wiped his come off my face and then my hands.

I couldn't stop grinning as I handed the tissues to him, and I
started to button my blouse.

My first hand job!!  And my first outside induced orgasm!  What a
night.  I kissed Ted and suggested that we get home.  I think he
would have agreed to jump from a moving train at that moment!
He nodded dumbly as he tucked his still formidable dick into his
pants.

He'd tried to wipe up some of the come on his shirt, but it was a
losing battle.  He'd have some fancy talking to do when he walked
into his house!  I grinned at the thought and curled up next to
him.  I rubbed his thigh absentmindedly as I reran the last few
minutes through my memory.

I wasn't tired, but I couldn't WAIT to talk to Jeannie about
tonight!  I was too fucking excited!!



Jeannie and I had sat up all that night talking about how Al's
cock felt as he came off in her hand at the drive-in.  She was in
heaven!

I described Ted's cock to her, and how surprised I was when he
kept shooting his come.

"My blouse was covered, and my tits were soaked!", I recalled
with wonder.  "Where the hell does it all come from anyway??!!"

"When he shot the last time, Some landed on my arm" Jeannie said
dreamily.  "I'm glad Al didn't notice, but it made me jump."

"Yeah, I heard you..." I replied.  "Boy, I can't wait to do that
again!!"

"Well, Al and I are going out tomorrow night.  He's got his dad's
car and we're just gonna cruise around.  You guys could join us
if you don't mind the back seat..."  Jeannie smiled as she said
that.

"I kind of enjoyed the back seat tonight" I said softly.

"Did I do okay, Trace?" Jeannie asked seriously.  "It turns me on
when you're watching...god, I get so hot!"  I could hear the
uncertainty in her voice.  "Is that weird...or what?"

We were sitting on the bed in my room.  Jeannie was spending the
night as she usually did on weekends.  We had just showered and
were sitting with towels wrapped around ourselves.  Jeannie was
combing her long blond hair as she spoke in whispers.

I put my arm around her shoulder and hugged her to me.

"Well, my friend" I said reassuringly, "If it's weird, then we're
both weird.  I loved every moment!  Watching you jerk Al off was
hot, but watching you turn him on was even hotter!"

I was getting excited as I recalled her "show".

"When you covered your tits with your hair and started to moan, I
thought I was gonna lose it right there, Jeannie. I've never been
as turned on as I was watching you tonight."

"So I guess if that's weird, then we're both a little off" I said
laughing.  "But I for one am not about to change.  I'm enjoying
it too much to worry about why!!"

Jeannie breathed a long sigh and hugged me back.

"Thanks buddy" she said.  "I feel a lot better, now."

I kissed her on the cheek and stood up.  My towel unravelled and
fell to the floor, and I bent to pick it up.

"And I'm kind of looking forward to the backseat tomorrow night."
I said as I straightened up.

I rewrapped my towel slowly, adjusting it just right and giving
Jeannie a teasing view of my naked body.  Her eyes danced from my
tits to my pubic hair and she smiled back at me.

"Oh yeah?" she said, leaning back on the bed.  "And why is that,
Trace?"  The movement made her own towel open slightly, giving me
a tantalizing view of the curve of her tits.

I sat on the bed next to her.  "Well, let's just say that it's
your turn to drive, and leave it at that shall we?"

She looked at me with a puzzled smile, and then grinned.

We both loved teasing each other so our conversation ended there.
We finished drying our hair and climbed into bed.

At that point in our lives, Jeannie and I had never yet enjoyed a
full sexual encounter, but our teasing each other let me know
that it was something I might want to explore.

As we pulled the covers over our bodies, I felt Jeannie scoot a
little closer.  I felt her hot thigh touch mine as we settled in.

"Goodnight, Trace..." she whispered.

"Goodnight, Jeannie...Thanks for tonight.  It was a gas."

"Yeah...." she replied softly.

We both drifted off to sleep.  My dreams that night were filled
with hard cocks, and come covered bodies...and, quite often,
visions of Jeannie...



 ********************************************

*******************************************



Once again, I was awakened from my reverie by the sound of a
voice.

It took me a while to remember that I was at the Lake with Ted,
Jeannie and Al.  And that we'd been experiencing a night hotter
than my dreams!

I moved my eyes to the sound of the voice and smiled when I saw
Al standing in front of me.  I was pleased to see that he was
naked as a jaybird.

I dropped my gaze to his cock, which was flaccid, but still very
attractive.  Al saw my gaze drop, and his cock began to respond
immediately.  My grin grew with his cock and my tongue began to
play on my upper lip.

I looked up into his face to see him smiling broadly.  His eyes
were dancing over my tits and the rest of my nakedness, and I
leaned back to give him a full view.

We both stared at each other, obviously enjoying each other.  We
were both kind of wallowing in our new found freedom and in the
way our relationship had expanded.

We could both admire each other's bodies, to the point of
enjoying each other's bodies without the fear of jealousy
entering into the picture.  The overall feeling was one of warm
friendship.

"We were getting worried..." Al said with a smile.  "You've been
out here for ten minutes."

"Ten minutes!" I yelled.  "God, it seemed like days!"  I wore a
dazed expression.

"Sorry..." I said.  "I was just reminicing."  I looked into his
eyes.  "Remember the time we went to the drive-in , in the
spring?  I think that was the first time Jeannie jerked you
off...   You guys were in the back seat, and Ted and I were in
the front.   I was just thinking about that..."

Al moaned.  Obviously he remembered...  His cock was now full
hard and twitching with the memory.  He grinned at me and dropped
a hand to his pole.  He also obviously enjoyed having these kind
of conversations with a naked girl!

"Wow...yeah..." he whispered.  "How could I forget!  I got so
hot, It was the first time she jerked me off.  At least outside
my pants..."  He grinned sheepishly.

"Yeah, I made Ted come off a few times inside his pants...Geez,
what a waste!  Now, I guess we know better..."

Once again, I dropped my eyes to Al's cock.  I truly felt like
dropping to my knees and sucking him off.  Our conversation was
getting hotter and so was I!

"I'll be honest with you Trace..." Al whispered.  "Watching you
stare at my cock as Jeannie jerked me off made me hotter than I'd
ever been in my life!"

"You knew...?"  I was incredulous!  "You saw me watching her jerk
you off...?"

"Yeah..." Al said with a grin.  "I figured you knew I knew..."

We both broke up into peals of laughter.

"No..." I said, when we'd calmed down.  "I didn't know...But I
loved watching you guys.  It was the first time I found out I
liked to watch..."

I stood up and walked slowly over to where he stood.

"And I think I know what I want right now..."

I wrapped my hand around Al's cock and pulled gently on it.  The
heat of his hard-on pulsed through my hand as I began to slowly
stroke him.

Al moaned low in his throat as I leaned my head against his
shoulder.  I dropped my gaze and shivered as I saw his cock glide
through my fingers.

Smiling into his face, I grasped his pole firmly and pushed it
between my legs, moaning at the heat that warmed my cunt.

Al moaned also, and began to slowly fuck his cock between my
thighs as I tilted my head back to kiss him.

His tongue snaked into my mouth and I automatically began to suck
it.

"You've got a great cock..." I panted into his mouth.  " I loved
watching you come off in Jeannie's hand...and I still love to see
you come..."

I reached down and carressed Al's balls as his cock sawed between
my legs.

"And now that I've tasted you, I think I'm hooked..."  I pulled
away and Al's cock sprang up and slapped his belly.  I
immediately wrapped a hand around it's girth.  I began to stroke
him, making him moan into my mouth.

Al brought both hands up to encircle my breasts.   Gently, he
caressed each one, taking time to pay special attention to my
nipples.
"I want to make you come right now, Al..." I whispered to him.
"I want to suck you..."

I was just ready to drop to my knees and suck Al's massive pole
into my mouth when we heard the sliding door opening.

"Shit...!" Al groaned disappointedly.

We both turned to the door.  I kept my hand wrapped around Al's
hard-on as Jeannie bounced through the door.  Her smile widened
as she looked down at my hand.  She walked over to where we
stood, swinging her hips wildly.

"I'm not interupting anything, am I...?"  she teased.  She
reached a single finger down and used it spread Al's oozing pre-
come around the head of his cock as I held it upwards.

"Gee, Jeannie, not a thing..." I smiled.  "Al and I were just
discussing religion and the new Europe..."

"Yeah..." Jeannie laughed.  "Like what's happening with the
Pole's...sure!"

We all laughed at Jeannie's little joke.  Al was a little nervous
still, but relaxed as Jeannie continued to smear his cockhead
with his pre-come.  What a wonderful night this was!

"C'mon in guys...Ted and I are trying to think up party
games...and we've got some great one's thought up!  We just need
a few more people!"

I looked up at Al.  He was disappointed, and his face showed it,
but his interest was peaked now.  His first love, after all was
Jeannie...

I gave his cock a loving squeeze, then used it to pull him
towards the door.

"We'll have to finish this later, stud..." I teased.

He smiled and we passed through the door.

********************************************
********************************************


Al and I followed Jeannie's swaying hips as she walked through
the shower room and down the hall.  Her nakedness was turning me
on immensely.  In fact all our nakedness was turning me on!  I
found the whole thing amazing!

We walked into the living room and saw Ted kneeling in front of
the fireplace.

"Hi, baby..." I whispered as I walked up behind him.  I ran my
hands through his thick hair and pulled the back of his head into
my bush.  Ted tilted his head back with a grin and offered me his
lips.  I leaned over and kissed him deeply, sliding my tongue
deep into his mouth.

"Mmmmm..." he said.  "I missed that!  Where were you?"

He stood up and put his arm around me as we walked over to the
couch.

"Just outside...I needed some air..." I replied innocently.

With awry grin on her face, Jeannie walked up behind Ted.  She
wrapped an arm around his waist,and tilted her head onto his
chest.  I smiled slightly as I saw her hand drop and slide over
Ted's naked ass.

"What she means, is that she was outside jerking Al off as she
tried to suck his tongue out of his head..."  She grinned at me
with her best catty expression.


"Oh, that..." I said with a smile.  "Yeah, I guess I did kinda
have Al's cock in my hand...but I was just being polite..."

Ted had a huge grin on his face as he watched Jeannie and I play.

"Actually..." I said with a sexy smile, "I was just about ready
to drop to my knees and give Al a quickie blow job...I was
missing the taste of his come..."

Al's cock twitched as I spoke, and I noticed that Ted's did too!

I reached over and curled my fingers around Ted's huge hard-on.

"So, should I be quiet about your attempt to deep throat me...?"
Ted asked Jeannie.

"You bitch!" I yelled at Jeannie.  Jeannie brought her hands up
...as if to ward off my blows.  She grinned as she backed away.
I followed her with one hand on my hip, and the other still
around Ted's cock.

"Well, I never did get it all the way in..." she offered.  "We
were just waiting for you guys..."

I turned to Ted.  "She never got it all in, huh?"

"No..." he replied, "but she had the right attitude..."  His grin
split his face as I whacked his ass as hard as I could.

"Well, let's just see how good her attitude is..."  I said,
rubbing Ted's reddened ass.  I rubbed his cheeks, then brought my
hand around to his front, wrapping it again around Ted's cock.  I
was kind of surprized to see that it was harder than it had been
all night!

I pulled him over to where Jeannie was sitting on the couch and
stopped just as his cock came head to face with her lips.
Jeannie looked down at Ted's cock and licked her lips lightly.

"Mmmmmnnnn..." she intoned.  "I remember you..."  I grinned to
see her breathing increase just from the sight of Ted's cock.  It
effected me the same way!

Jeannie turned her gaze to my eyes, then to Al's.  I followed her
look and was happy to see a look of happy lust on Al's face.  He
wanted to see her suck Ted's cock too.

Hopefully his mind was still focused on fucking my mouth because
that's where I was headed.

Jeannie wore a sweet smile as she sat up on the couch.  I
manuvered Ted until his cock was only half an inch from Jeannie's
lips.  I stroked Ted's cock, pulling his foreskin up and over the
head of his pole...pushing his leaking pre-come all around.

"You want to suck him, Jeannie...?"  I smiled down at her as I
began to jerk Ted's cock in front of her.  "You want to suck
Ted's big....hard....
cock into your mouth...?"

Jeannie only groaned and leaned forward in her seat.  Her mouth
opened as she neared Ted's pole and in a smooth, effortless
maneuver, she engulfed his head with her lips, then leaned
forward again, sliding her lips over half of his length before
stopping.

"Aaaaghhhh...!!!"  Ted groaned as her hot mouth enshrouded his
tool.

I laughed and pulled Ted's cock up. and out of her mouth.
Jeannie whimpered and tried to catch it again as I began to
stroke him again.

Ted's cock was soaked now with a combination of pre-come and
saliva.  It glistened wetly as I drew more pre-come out of his
cock and spread it over the head.

Jeannie stuck out her tongue, catching a bit of juice.  I grinned
and began to paint her lips with Ted's cock, wiping it back and
forth, occasionally dropping it down to do her chin.

Jeannie groaned and leaned forward more in her seat.  I used the
opportunity to rub Ted's cockhead all over her face, leaving long
streaks of glistening pre-come from her chin to her forehead and
everywhere in between.  Jeannie groaned and tried to swipe at the
pole as it went by her lips.

We were all getting back into the heat of lust now.  I hadn't
noticed Al move behind me, but I moaned low as I felt him move
close, pressing his hard cock against my ass crack.

I wiggled my ass against him to let him know I was enjoying his
attention.  At the same time I pulled on Ted's cock, forcing him
to take another step closer to the couch.

Jeannie moaned and opened her lips wide as Ted's huge cock
slipped into her mouth.

We all groaned in unison as Jeannie closed her lips and began to
suck.
She looked up into six staring eyes.  Never had she been so much
the center of attention.

She withdrew fron Ted's cock until only the head was in her
mouth.  She grinned at each of us in turn, as if to say "Watch
this..." , then began to slowly and methodically lick and suck
the head of Ted's rod.

The head looked massive as it throbbed under her ministration.
It hardly seemed she could get it past her lips, to say nothing
of passing her throat!

Just then Jeannie loked up at me and, as if she'd read my mind,
again closed her lips around her toy and began to bob her head up
and down on Ted's throbbing cock.

Her face looked glorious as her cheeks caved in with the force of
her suction.

"Fuck her..." I said to Ted.  "This time she's going to take it
all..."  I turned to Jeannie.  "Aren't you, baby..."

Jeannie looked up at me with hot fire in her eyes.  Ted began to
fuck her mouth gently, moaning each time his cockhead slid over
her tongue.

I felt Al's cock slide between my asscheeks.  He began to drag
the head up and down, each time parting my ass just a bit more.
I could feel the pre-come dripping from his cock as each pass got
more and more slippery.

I leaned my head back and offered my lips to Al.  He was smiling
like an idiot as he leaned forward, parting my lips with his
tongue.

I ran my tongue around his lips, then sucked his tongue into my
mouth.  Our tongues dueled as his cock continued to play around
my ass.

I puuled my face away, and looked into Al's eyes.

"I'm gonna suck you next..."  His eyes clouded over immediately
with the thought.  "I'm going to suck your cock, Al...I'm going
to suck it until you spray your hot come into my mouth.

I wiggled my ass against his cock, loving the feeling of it
sliding between my asscheeks.  I moaned as I felt Al reach down
and slide his hands over my ass, then moaned louder as I felt him
gently spreading my cheeks.

"Oh, yeah...." I whispered to his lips.  "That feels
wonderful..."

I wriggled more, encouraging Al to continue his approach.  I
couldn't allow him to fuck me...I wanted Ted to be the
first...but his cock felt sooo good as he slithered it up and
down my ass-crack.

I bent my knees just a bit, and spread my legs...just a bit...as
Al slid his cockhead against my tight asshole.  He pushed lightly
against my puckered ring, then continued downwards.

My pussy was dripping wet as his cock brushed my lips.  Our
position didn't allow him the opportunity to slide into my cunt,
but his wide, flared cockhead split my pussylips and began to
glide back and forth in the wet enterance to my sex.

"Oh, God....!" I whimpered.  "That's sooo good...!

I think Al was content to just "play".  He knew my first love was
Ted, I think, and that there was a line between sucking and
fucking.  At least at this point in our "development".  Anyway, I
didn't have to fight to keep him from trying to fuck me.  We both
simply enjoyed the sensation of his cockhead between my lips.

Occasionally, Al would pull back and allow his cockhead to ride
back up the crack of my ass.  I had to admit that it felt damn
good as it rode over my sensitive asshole, then back to my pussy.

I looked over Ted's shoulder at Jeannie once again.  And it
looked as if her efforts were paying off!

Ted was lost in "Lustland", his eyes closed, and his head thrown
back against my shoulder, but Jeannie was wide awake and bent to
her "task".

Her eyes met mine as I dropped my gaze and she gave me a
"Groucho" look with her eyebrows.

As I watched she leaned back, taking her mouth off of Ted's cock,
I think to show me how long and hard it was.  the wet combination
of come and spit made it sparkle in the light of the fire as she
held it in front of her lips.

Jeannie jeked his cock twice, releasing a torrent of pre-come
over her fingers.  I could tell that Ted was real close to
blowing off.

Jeannie looked back and me, smiled and leaned forward once again.
Once more, Ted's cock slid effortless ly into her mouth.  She
paused when it had reached the halfway point, and I heard her
take a deep breath, then let it out slowly.

I began to pant hotly as I watched Jeannie start to bob her head
on Ted's cock.  Little by little her suck strokes increased in
length, and little by little I watched as Ted's cock slid deeper
into her mouth.

I began to wonder if she'd get it all in before Ted drowned her
in one of his patented loads of semen.  I think Jeannie was
having the samew concerns  as she forced a bit too hard and
gagged.

"Shit!" she cried as she pulled Ted's dripping cock from her
mouth.  A long streamer of semen-ized saliva clung to Ted's
cockhead as she pulled it out.  It swung like a bridge in the air
before breaking and swinging down to annoint Jeannie's chin.

"Geez Louise...you sure do have the right attitude, girl!" I
encouraged Jeannie.  "I'm impressed!"

Jeannie was panting as if she was running a race, but looked up
at me and grinned.

"Wow..." I heard Al say behind me.  "God, Jeannie...You look so
fucking hot!"  Jeannie's grin widened and she stuck out her
tongue to lick a large drop of pre-come off Ted's cockhead.  I
felt Al's cock lurch against my ass as he watched her.

When she'd recovered, Jeannie once again took Ted's cock into her
mouth.  This time though, it slid smoothly in to the three-
quarter mark!

"Yeeow..." I kidded her.

She couldn't smile, or answer back, but her eyes showed her
happiness as she once again began to bob her head.

Ted joined in this time, gently couterpointing her facial moves
with his own short, smooth thrusts.

I heard Al groan and begin a thrusting motion of his own, fucking
his cock in between my legs and against my pussy lips.  Now it
was my turn, to moan.

I began to fuck my pussy mound against Ted's ass, as if I were
fucking it.  I reached around again and slid my hand over his
cock as it was being sucked by my best friend.

I gripped the base of his pole with my finger and thumb and
allowed my other fingers to drop lower and fondle his hefty sack.
I could feel his balls moving up and down as he thrust, and I
knew they were full, with the largest load he'd had all night!

I felt Jeannie's nose hit my thumb as she continued her downward
spiral.

She was moaning loudly with each thrust as Ted's cock passed her
tonsils and entered her throat.

"You did it!" I squeeled.  "God, Jeannie, you're sucking Ted's
cock into your throat!!!  God!  Youlook so fucking Hot!  Fuck her
throat Ted!  Fuck your long cock into her throat!"

I could feel a huge orgasm welling up inside me as I watched
Jeannie deep throat my boyfriend.   Ted was withdrawing his cock
until only the head stayed in her mouth, then would slowly thrust
forward, shoving more and more of his immense length into her
mouth.

When he reached her throat, Jeannie tilted her head slightly.

We all groaned, all four of us, as Ted's cock slipped past the
final barrier and sank into her throat.  I could see her throat
expand to accept the intruder.

They set up a slow even rhythm, long deep slow strokes.  It was
an amazing sight to see Ted's whole cock disappear like that!

I felt as if I was about to pass out when the first tinglings of
orgasm overtook me.  I stared into Jeannie's upturned eyes, awash
in lust.  I watched Ted fuck Jeannie's throat, and felt Al's cock
fucking in between my legs.  I couldn't wait any more!

Jeannie saw the look in my eyes, and smiled as best she could
with her mouth full of cock.  Her eyes closed to just slits and I
saw her bring her hand up between Ted's legs.

I jumped as I felt her hand brush my leg, and began to shake as
she drew it higher and higher.

We all clicked together then.  One big, four person lust machine!
One huge wave of pleasure washed over us all right then.

Jeannie continued to suck the entire length of Ted's cock, long
strands of saliva escaping from her stretched lips.  She brought
her hand up between my legs until she came in contact with my
dripping pussy.  She groaned loudly as she felt Al's cock fucking
back and forth.

The excitement in her eyes was staggering, although I have
afeeling I wore a similar expression.

Ted began to hump in earnest now.  It was only a matter of time
before he flooded Jeannie's mouth.

Jeannie met each thrust with her mouth, and slid her middle
finger deep into my cunt.  I covered her hand with my juices as
my come started.

Jeannie began to fuck her finger into my cunt with a vengance.
She wrapped her other fingers around Al's cock, pushing the side
of his pole harder against my pussy.  Her finger felt so good
fucking into me!

I almost began to scream in ecstacy.  I'd never had a come like
this one!

The level of excitement and lust in Jeannie's eyes was mind
boggleing!  I must admit, though, that I probably wore a similar
expression!

Jeannie grasped Al's cock and began to thrust the tip upwards as
he drew back and forth over my cunt.  God!  She was trying to
force him deeper into my pussy!  She was trying to make Al fuck
me!!

Her eyes were ablaze.  She was sucking my boyfriend's cock, while
trying to put her boyfriend's cock into my cunt!

Al continued to fuck back and forth, but I looked at Jeannie and
shook my head.  I still wanted Ted to fuck me first...I couldn't
let go of that!

Jeannie started to relate.  The pressure let up, but Al continued
to slide his cock in and out.  It was wonderful!

Then, suddenly, Jeannie's expression changed from one of
contented lust to an open eyed one of wonder!

"Oh, God...Jeannie!  He's gonna come!  Oh, yeah...suck him!
Suckhimm...!

I watched as Jeannie withdrew her hand from my pussy and brought
it up to Ted's cock.

Her eyes went up to meet his as she wrapped her fingers around
his throbbing pole and began to jerk him off as she held his cock
in her throat.

Ted stopped fucking and stood still as Jeannie worked his rod.
His breathing increased steadily, then stopped after a long slow,
deep breath.

Jeannie looked up at me then popped her eyes open as Ted let go
with his first volley.

His low scream split the night as he flooded Jeannie's mouth with
his seed.  Her throat muscles made her neck throb as she
swallowed.  She allowed Ted to rest in her throat and pour his
seed straight into her stomach.  Her nose was pressed into his
pubic hair as she took every inch of him inside.

Then it was her turn, though.  As Al continued to fuck between my
legs, I watched Jeannie pull Ted's cock out of her throat until
only two inches remained in her mouth.

She looked up at me and smiled as she opened her mouth as wide as
she could.

"Oh, Geez...Jeannie..."  I panted as I saw Ted's second load skip
across her tongue and splash against her throat!

Al was groaning too.  He'd stepped back half a step and was
sliding the head of his cock up and down the crack of my ass as
he watched his girlfriend drink Ted's come.

I saw Jeannie look up at al just as her lips closed around Ted's
next come-blast.  She swallowed noisily then pulled her mouth
entirely of Ted's cock.  This forced Ted's next shot to splash
mightily against her cheek and chin.

Jeannie was laughing wildly as she got sprayed once more.

"God!  There's so much of it!  Oh, yeah!  Come on me  Yeah!"

She dove down again, sucking the last of Ted's semen into her
mouth as his flow slowed.

I felt Al begin to tense, and I knew he was next.  Or, rather I
was next.  I wasn't about to compete with Jeannie, but on the
other hand, I couldn't wait to feel the soothing flow of come on
my tongue.  I was ready to suck!

I ground my ass into Al, as I reached back to hold his ass
against me.

I bent over as Al began to nibble my neck, kissing my cheek and
tonguing my ear.  God, I was so hot!

I felt Al pull back a bit and slide his cock once more up and
down my ass crack.  This time though, he paused at my asshole,
pushing ever so lightly against my anal ring.

"Oh, Geez...Al, that feels so fucking good..."  I whispered to
him.

Al grinned and pushed a little harder against my asshole.  I
looked up to see Jeannie licking the come from Ted's still
massive prick.  Occasionally, she'd drop her head and suck the
entire length smoothly into her throat, then pull off it again.
She'd sit back, smiling and clucking like a kid who just learned
to whistle!

I guess I said "what the fuck", as I pushed my ass back to meet
his tentatively probing tool.

I reached behind me and encircled his cock with my fingers.  I
jerked it a few times, coating the head, and my fingers with
thick pre-come.

I began to draw small, lazy circles around my asshole with the
head of Al's cock.  My eyes were closed and I was just enjoying
the new sensation.  The feeling of a hot cockwas, after all,
quite new to me.

To just hold a cock was heavenly.  To hold a cock against the
enterance to my ass hole, while all the implications connected to
that ran through my head, was absolutelt cosmic!!

Al, foir his part, was simply standing there, mindlessly moaning
"Aaahhhh...." with each exhale.  I grinned.  Al would have been
perfectly happy if I were to just jerk him off against my
asshole.  The mind thing had overtaken him too.

I wanted just a little more, though.  Jeannie and Ted wewre still
kind of comatose, and I just wanted to plat a little more.

I pulled Al's cock closer to me as I leaned back slightly.

I stopped making circles with his cockhead and now just pressed
it against my tight asshole.  I could just imagine how it would
feel to have a cock sawing in and out of my asshole!  God, I
wanted it so bad!!

Al was still only semi-concious back there, so I did all the
work.  It was the way I wanted it anyway.

I pushed my ass back and shivered as I felt it trying to push
into my hole.  I could feel my ass ring expanding as I tried my
best to relax and let it pass...I squeezed more cock cream out of
Al's didk and used it to lubricate me more.  The slipperyness was
comforting and I felt myself open even more as I pushed against
his cock

I shut my eyes tightly as a little pain flashed through my brain,
but the pain was soon overshadowed by an intense sense of
pleasure as I felt Al's cock push deeper into my anal opening!

He was only a quarter of an inch in, but he'd begun to spread my
asshole!  I could feel another orgasm approaching as I relaxed
and pushed back...

Al then took hold of his cock and began to rotate the head
against my ass...like a drill.

I let a hiss of air escape my lips as I felt Al's cock push
deeper.  I screamed lightly as I felt his cockhead pass my ass
ring.

God! He was inside me!!  I actually had a cock up my ass!  I was
almost getting fucked!!!

Al was panting hard too!  His breath was coming in short,
agonized blasts, and on each exhale he'd go like,
Oh!....Oh!....Oh!...

I would have laughed except for the delerious feeling of
excitement that was coursing through me!

I began to push my hips back again and was rewarded with the
feelig of Al beginning to fuck my asshole in smooth, short
strokes.  I knew he was gonna come.

I turned my head as I tried to meet his fucking strokes.

"Come for me,Al...Come for me..." I whispered over my shoulder.
"Come in my asshole, Al...God...your cock is in my ass!"

I couldn't believe this was happening!  Al's strokes
increased...faster and faster...and then abruptly stopped!

"Come in my asshole, Al...COME!....Then I'll suck you...Come!"

That did it!  I felt Al's cock buck and shake....

Then, I felt something I remember even now.  I felt a hard cock
shooting load after load of hot come into my asshole!  I'll
remember that first time for the rest of my life.

It was so hot!  As Al blasted his come into my ass, it acted as
both a relaxant and a lubricant.  He continued to fuck his hips,
and I continued to push back against him.

Each stroke filled me with semen and drove his cock a little
deeper into my asshole.

My own orgasm washed over me as Al began to fuck me in long slow
strokes.

I was drooling and sweating, moaning out loud until I felt his
cock slide all the way into my asshole.  Then I screamed!!

I almost blacked out from pleasure as al began to fuck my ass
with a vengance.  His thighs slapped my ass as he drove his cock
over and over into my ass.  The feeling was pure heaven.

I was really being fucked!

"Jeannie!" I panted.  "He's fucking my asshole!  Al's fucking my
ass!"

I looked up into the faces of Ted and Jeannie only 2 feet in
front of me.  Obviously, they'd been watching us.  I sure hadn't
been too quiet about it!

Jeannie and Ted both wore dazed expressions of lust on their
faces as they watched Al fuck me.

I saw that Ted had yet another full hard-on and Jeannie had
wasted no time in capturing it!

She was stroking Ted's cock with strokes that matched Al, then as
Ted began to groan, she began to speed up, jerking him off with
all her ability.  She wore a huge grin on her face.


I stared as Ted began to come in Jeannie's hand.  He didn't blow
any records, but his come was copious, shooting into the air in a
wide graceful arc and landing against his belly.  Jeannie
continued to pump him as his semen flowed like a river over her
hand, between shots.
It was too hot!

My orgasm continued to grow until I must have blacked out for a
second.

I "awoke" to the feeling of Al slowly stroking in and out of my
ass, his orgasm dwindling.  I was crouched on the floor, almost
kneeling and Al was bent over behind me.

His cock felt sooo fucking good!  It was smaller and my asshole
was full of his come so he slipped in and out with perfect ease.
The feeling was delicious!

I looked up to see Jeannie cleaning the come from Ted's cock and
balls with her tongue.  I envied her a little for having come in
her mouth...

Ted was dead to the world.  That last one had blown his circuits.
He was down for the count, I knew it!  I smiled as I heard the
beginning of a snore.

I turned my head over my shoulder to watch Al's hips pump behind
me.

"That was too fucking hot, Al!" I whispered.  "Your cock in my
ass felt too fucking good!  Geez!"

""You are incredible,girl...I can't believe I just fucked your
asshole!  I never did that..I mean...I..." His words faltered.

"Yeah, me either..." I laughed back.  "But that was really
okay...!

I dropped the rest of the way to my knees, causing Al to groan as
his softening cock slid from my asshole with a kind of plop.

I grinned as I turned to face him as I sat on my haunches.  Al
struggled to stand upright, but finally stood there swaying with
a huge grin on his face.

His cock swung in a low arc as he swayed and I dropped my eyes to
it.

"And now I want to suck you..."  I whispered huskily.  Al's grin
faltered.

I don't think he could believe what was happening to him!

"I want to suck your cock now..." I repeated.  "I loved having
you come in my asshole, I really did...but I missed your come in
my mouth..."

I brought both hands up to my tits as I spoke, rubbing them
lightly and pinching my stone-hard nipples.

I know there's not much left...but I'd like to get some..."

I smiled with pride as I saw his cock twitch.  I'd only planned
on cleaning the come from his pole, but I was seeing a new
possibility.

"Is this still awake...?" I asked increduously, laning forward to
my knees.  I reached up to grasp Al's half-hard pole.

I felt it jump in my hand as I squeezed it rhythmically!

"Yeah...!" I said to Al.  "It is still up isn't it?"  I began a
slow stroking, squeezing just the head between my thumb and
forefinger.

"Geez, I want to suck you...I want your come im my mouth, Al...Do
it for me..."

Al's cock was growing steadilly in my grasp.  I found it hard to
believe that both these guys could recover so quickly.  Not that
I'd had a lot of  first hand experience, mind you, but I'd read a
lot and talked a lot and dreamed a lot.

These guys were like a cum slut's dream come true.

Al's cock was fully hard now, gliding through my fingers like a
steel rod in bear grease.

Al wore an expression of disbelief...as if he couldn't believe it
either.

"Yeah..." I said, leaning forward on my knees.  I continued to
jerk him off as i opened my mouth and slid my lips over his
cockhead.  I flipped my tongue against the underside of his head
and he groaned .

I smiled as I felt his hips begin to buck.  I pumped with a
vengance, just resting his cock on my tongue.

"Come for Tracy...come in my mouth.,Al ..come on...Do me...."

I mouthed the words around his cock as I jerked him like a whore.

Al's knees bent slightly, then he groaned once.

I sighed as I felt Al's come rocket into my mouth.  I began to
laugh around his cock as he continued to cover my tongue with
semen.

I looked up into his eyes, letting his come pool up in my mouth,
until it was about to overflow.

Then I leaned back on my haunches again and closed my mouth.  I
closed my eyes andlet Al's semen begin to flow into my throat.  I
swallowed the majority of it first time, then opened my mouth and
my eyes at the same time.

I smiled as I saw Al focus on my come covered teeth and tongue.
Then I closed my mouth again and swallowed the rest.  It tasted
like manna after a famine.  I loved the taste of his come as it
washed down my throat.
And the thick wetness felt like soothing cough syrup.  God, I
loved the taste of semen!

"Thanks Al..." I said with a grin.  That last one was the best of
all....Mmmmm..." I licked my lips and smiled at him.

His look of pure adoration was better than his words for me.  He
tried in to express his feelings but I think I'd worn him out be
that time.  His efforts to speak coherently were in vain.

I grinned at him and he gave me a feeble grin back as I half led,
half dragged him to the couch.




Al collapsed in a worn out heap, his head flopping back onto the
cushions.  His motions roused Jeannie from her sleep and she
contentedly placed her head on Al's lap.  Both of them wore
smiles of exhausted pleasure on their faces.

I was pretty exhausted myself.  I walkewd over and sat next to
Ted's sleeping form.  I looked at the peaceful expression on his
face.

Tonight had been the realization of a fantasy.  The kind of
realization the most can only dream about.

I think most people would submit to their carnal desires more
often and more deeply if they could do it with someone they could
absolutely trust.

Society placed a lot of pressure on us to be good and proper
citizens.  It was certainly not proper to act like a come-loving
slut.  Problem was, that was all I could think of since I saw my
first come shot in a movie.  Jeannie was the only one who shared
my passion (that I was aware of...) and the only one I'd ever
confided in.

It was a wonderful feeling to know that my wonderful boyfriend
was the type that would kiss, but not tell.  To know that I could
be the total slut that i was inside and not worry about anyone
else on the planet discovering my "secret" was the best feeling
I'd ever known.

And, Geez!  To have another couple to share it with!  To have my
best friend in the world and her boyfriend feeling the same as
Ted and I...
Well, that was more than anyone would ever ask for!

I felt like the lickiest person in the world right then, as I
laid my tired head on Ted's lap.  He stirred for a moment then
drifted back to his dreams.

Hopefully they involved me.

"Tomorrow", actually later today, was my birthday!  Eighteen, and
ready to take on the world.  We were going to dinner with the
guys in the evening, and I couldn't wait to get home and spend
the whole day lying next to the pool.  I think I was more
exhausted than I realized and immediately dropped into  the sleep
of the dead.

I didn't wake up until I felt Ted shaking my shoulder the next
morning.

"C'mon sleepyhead...." he said gently.  "The car's packed and
we're almost ready to split.  We gotta get you home...

I looked into Ted's dreamy eyes and smiled as I remembered last
night.

Even the tequila that was still in my brain couldn't dull the
feeling of excitement I still felt.

I know I must have looked frightful, lying there with my hair a
mess and my make-up smeared, but i felt incredibly sexy.

I was lying naked on the couch as I watched Al and Jeannie move
back and forth gathering stuff and loading the car.  Everyone was
dressed but me, and it felt great.

"Happy Birthday!!"  Al and Jeannie called out in unison.

"Happy Birthday, Trace!" Ted added, as he leaned down to kiss me.

He stood up and looked down at my naked form.  I stretched
languishly under his gaze, smiling more as i saw his eyes drop to
my tits.

"Just give me a minute to shower, and I'll be right there..." I
said sleepilly.

"Okay...but we leave in five minutes...Be there or walk home!"

Ted laughed and turned towards the kitchen.  I bounced off the
couch with all the energy I could muster (which was not a whole
lot...) and trotted into the shower.

The spray worked it's magic, though and soon most of the tequila
was washed from my brain and I was close to feeling human again.

I was ready for the weekend!  Already, I was anxious for the
night to begin!

"Let's do it!" I yelled as I walked outside.  "Let's get this
party off the ground...I'm eighteen!!"

Everyone applauded loudly and we all piled into the car.

The trip back was a lost more sedate than the one up.  Everyone
seemed to be feeling the energy lost the night before.  By the
time we pulled into my driveway, I wanted nothing more than to
sleep for a couple of days.

When I mentioned this to the others, an audible sigh of relief
went through them all.  No one had wanted to spoil the party, but
everyone was totalled!

"Hey..." I said to Al and Ted.  "Last night was the best night
I've ever had in my life!  I couldn't ask for a better birthday
celebration.  Even if it was a little early."  I kissed Ted
lightly and touched Al's cheek with my fingertips.

"We can celebrate later...Hey, it's a brthday weekend..okay?"

We all laughed and made plans to call each other later.

Jeannie and I walked into the house like zombies.  Jack smiled a
knowing smile as we passed the kitchen, and after seeing our
expressions, just said  "Goodnight, ladies..."

"Thanks Jack..." we replied.

We stumbled up the stairs and fell into bed.  We didn't even take
our clothes off.

About three o'clock I called Ted and told him that tonight was
off.  Jeannie felt terrible from the alcohol, and I was still
exhausted.

From the sound of Ted's voice, he was totally understanding.  He
said that he could use the rest himself.  He also said he'd call
Al for Jeannie and that he'd call me in the morning.

Jeannie and I spent the entire day Saturday sleeping on and off.
Once in a while one of us would flip the T.V. on, but then we'd
drift away again...over and over...

We only started to feel awake and alive around seven o'clock that
evening!

At that time, we wolfed down entirely too much food and ice cream
and I made us both a couple of cocktails.

We spent the rest of the night in front of the fire...sharing our
individual feeling about what happened last night.

By midnight, we once again had a little buzz going and our
conversation had made me hotter than the poker I was using to
stir the fire!

I couldn't wait until tomorrow.  It was like Christmas when I was
a kid!

Only this time I was going to be unwrapping hard, throbbing
cocks!!!

                                
           ******************************************
                                
            The Early Adventures of Tracy and Jeannie
                                
                          CHAPTER SEVEN
            *****************************************
                                



Sunday morning we woke up together, as if on cue.  Jeannie and I
had been up until midnight reliving the night before, and
planning tonight with Ted and Al.

I smiled and let my eyes dance over Jeannie's naked form.  I
guess our "sleepovers" would never be the same again.  After
feeling Jeannie's nakedness and tasting her pussy at the lake on
Friday, I looked at her now with a whole new appreciation.

Not only was she still my best friend, but now she was a lover!
And what a lover!!

She grinned back as if she could read my thoughts, then bounced
out of bed.

"C'mon girl...we've got quite a day ahead of us!!  Let's eat!!"

I threw her a loose fitting nightshirt and put one on myself.
The soft cotton felt marvelous aginst my naked tits.


When we went down stairs for breakfast, my uncle Jack was already
up and was cleaning the pool.  His shirt was off and he had on
pair of short denim cutoffs were so old and thin that even the
pockets were frayed.

His muscular torso was glistening with a combination of tanning
oil and sweat.  I had to admit he looked pretty sexy as the
muscles in his arms and legs bulged with each pass of the pool
skimmer.

I waved to him as he looked up and he waved back.  Jeannie leaned
out of the patio door and waved.

"Hi Jeannie!" he yelled.  "You guys sleep okay?"

"Slept like a log" Jeannie replied.  She stretched her arms over
her head as she spoke, and thrust her chest towards my dad.

"You're looking pretty cute in those shorts, Mr. Thompson" she
teased.  "Careful you don't get wet!"

Her eyes were directed at the outline of my uncle's cock, which
was clearly visible through the thin cotton.

Jack's eyes were obviously focused on Jeannie's tits.  I didn't
blame him.  They were showstoppers all right.

He chuckled at her comment, and went back to his pool skimming.
I pulled Jeannie back into the kitchen.

"Geez", I said. "Why don't you guys just jump on each other!"

I don't know why, but I was feeling jealous.  The confusing part
was that I didn't know who I was jealous more of...Jeannie, or
Jack!

"Sorry, Trace" Jeannie soothed. "Jack and I were just fooling
around.  You know how we get.  Hey, he's cute!"

Jeannie loved to tease my uncle.  She would often let her skirt
hike a little higher than usual when sitting on our couch if Jack
was in the room.

And more than once I noticed her surreptitiously undo a couple of
buttons on her blouse if she knew he was around.
I'd even seen her crossing and uncrossing her legs repeatedly if
he was sitting across from her.

She knew he loved to look at her and it was obvious she loved to
be watched.  I have to admit that I kind of enjoyed it too!

I kidded her about it, but she said she thought my uncle was cute
and she loved to see him get "excited".  A few times I'd seen
Jack leave the room with a large bulge in his pants.

I figured it must be tough for him. It had been two years since
his divorce from his wife, and he hadn't remarried yet.  In fact
he swore he'd never get married again.  "A waste of time and
energy" he told me once.

At forty, he was in excellent shape physically and was unusually
handsome.  Not just in my eyes, but in my friends eyes too.

Jeannie said that he reminded her of the guy in the Chanel
perfume ads.

And I had to admit that when I could put it out of my mind that
he was my uncle, I'd get pretty turned on when I'd see his bulge
growing under Jeannie's teasing stares.

I guess it was the "older man" thing.  I told myself that I
wasn't into my uncle sexually, but I could relate to Jeannie
teasing him.  I'd do the same thing with a few of his friends
when they'd stop over.

It turned me on immensely, but I had to be careful that my uncle
didn't see.  Once he caught a buddy of his staring at my tits
(which I'd been kinda showing off...) and he kicked the guy out
of the house!

Jack had his fair share of girlfriends but it still must have
been frustrating to be teased and turned on by my sexy blond, and
obviously horny, best friend.  Mostly though, I just sat back and
enjoyed their bantering.

Jack was a big boy and knew how to handle himself.  He didn't let
Jeannie's flattery go to his head, and obviously liked being
teased as much as she like teasing him.




As we got breakfast together, I kept looking at Jeannie and saw a
new fire in her eyes when she watched my uncle using the skimmer
on the pool surface.

Each time he'd lean back to dump the leaves out of the skimmer
net, I could see his cock outlined in his thin shorts.  And I
know that Jeannie was noticing too!  She was leaning against the
counter top with her arms folded across her chest and was
intently watching Jack do his chores.

"You want to give me a hand here, jailbait?" I asked with an edge
in my voice.

"What do you mean "Jailbait" girl?" Jeannie replied, whirling
around to face me.  The look on her face was as if I had read her
lustful mind.  I think I had!  She had a lusty smile on her face.

"We're eighteen, you know" she continued.  "There's a whole new
world opening up for us, Trace!"

"Well, just don't open it up here, okay?" I said with a smile.  I
handed her a tray, on which were cereal bowls, sugar and a
pitcher of milk.

"How about bringing these out to the patio table." I said with a
grin.  "Think you can handle that?"

Jeannie continued to watch Jack as she reached for the tray.

"I know what I'd like to handle..." she said as she turned her
attention to me.  She smiled broadly and took the tray.

As she turned towards the patio and the pool, I leaned closer to
her and whispered,  "At least wait until I'm away at college!"

Jeannie laughed heartily and went out to the patio table.  I went
back to the cupboard for the cereal and to see if the toast was
ready.  I smiled to myself, thinking of Jeannie's attraction to
my uncle.  It was kind of cool knowing your friends admired the
way your guardians looked.  I decided that I didn't mind too
much.

After all, they were both adults.  It was really none of my
business!!

I smiled and turned my attention back to getting breakfast.

When I finally made my way out the patio, about ten minutes
later, Jeannie and Jack were nowhere in sight.

"That bitch!" I thought, only half angry.  I had to admit, I was
more curious than angry.  I quietly set my tray laden with boxes
of cereal, toast and jars of jellies, and walked softly around
the corner to the pool area.

I paused when I saw them standing close together next to the pump
house.  I moved closer to the wall so they wouldn't notice me as
I spied on them.  For a reason I wasn't sure of, my heart started
to race wildly.

Jack was leaning with one hand resting on the small pump house,
and the other holding on to the skimmer.  There was a curious
edge to his voice and his laughter was a little too forced.  I
could tell he was nervous, and I could see why.

Jeannie was telling him something, and was leaning forward in a
conspirital manner, as if she was sharing a dark secret.  I saw
that she had unbuttoned the top three or four buttons of her
nightshirt, and was standing as if she were a mirror image of
Jack, with one hand on the pump house, and the other on her hip.

I saw Jack's eyes fighting to look into Jeannie's face, but it
was a loosing battle.  Each time she'd lean forward, his eyes
would dip down and drink in the sight of her firm young breasts
peeking out from her nightshirt.

I don't think my uncle realized that Jeannie was naked under her
thin night shirt, but he certainly could see that her breasts
were.

From where I was standing, a little to the side and behind them,
I could see Jeannie's naked ass and her blond bush peeking out
from the bottom of her shirt.  The shirt had ridden up as she
stretched her arm out to lean on the pump house, and she had
helped the process by pulling it up a bit as she placed her hand
on her hip..  Jack was too close to enjoy that view, but was
plainly enjoying the sight of Jeannie's breasts.

Jeannie had decided to take her teasing one step further.  She
was having the time of her life and was very aware of the effect
she was having on my uncle.

His cock was rock hard and was outlined against his tanned leg
through his denim shorts.  For the first time, I began to wonder
what his cock looked like...and tasted like...

It seemed to be about eight inches long and perfectly
proportioned in width.  I felt my mouth begin to water as I
imagined it in my mouth.

As they continued their conversation and their motions, I saw the
head of Jack's cock peek out from the bottom of his shorts.

Jeannie couldn't see it, but I knew she would have loved the
effect she was having on Jack  She said something witty, she put
her hand on his shoulder and leaned close, giving him an
unobstructed view down her shirt.

The interaction between the two of them was beginning to turn me
on immensely.  My breathing was increasing and I came close to
groaning out loud when Jeannie slid her hand from Jack's shoulder
and grasped the pole of the skimmer.  She wrapped her fingers
around the pole and began a slow, suggestive stroke that made
Jack look.

She said something more and they both broke into peals of
laughter.

I slowly backed away, not wishing that my spying be exposed at
this point, and made my way back to the patio table.  I sighed
heavily as I dropped into one of the large cushioned chairs.  I
felt exhausted and exhilarated at the same time.

I thought that I should be mad that my best friend was teasing my
uncle and turning him on that way, but the fact of the matter was
that I was incredibly turned on!!

I reached into my lap and cupped one hand around my pussy mound
as I pictured in my mind Jack's hard cock sliding out from the
end of his shorts.  I couldn't help but remember the taste of
Ted's cock and that made me groan louder.

Not wanting to get caught masturbating on the patio, I
reluctantly pulled my hand away and, picking up my tray, moved
quickly to the kitchen.

Taking a deep breath, I turned and noisily made my way back to
the patio.  I made sure to make a clamor as I moved and called
for Jeannie when I reached the table.

As if on cue, she walked around the corner and sat down at the
table across from me.  Her face was flushed, but her manner was
as if she'd just been birdwatching.  Pretty cool and collected, I
thought.  I was curious to see how my uncle would react.

I called to him that breakfast was ready, and saw Jeannie smile
as he yelled to go ahead and start without him.  I smiled too,
knowing it would take a few minutes for his cock to go down.

"Hey, this toast is ice cold!" Jeannie complained as she tried to
put butter on it.

"Sorry" I answered. "I got waylaid on the way out here."

Jeannie grinned at that.  She looked into my eyes and immediately
knew that I'd seen her.  It was impossible for us to hide
anything from each other.  We'd been friends too long for that.

"What can I say?" she said with a broad smile.  "He's a cutie!"

I didn't get a chance to reply because my uncle chose that moment
to walk around the corner.  His smile was natural and his manner
was calm, but I could still see the outline of his half-hard cock
under his shorts as he moved.  He sat next to me, across from
Jeannie, and smiled.

"Well, good morning ladies!" he said, trying to sound calm.  "I
can't wait to eat!"  He looked directly at Jeannie and grinned.

"Good morning, Mr. Thompson" Jeannie trilled musically.  "How do
you feel today?"

"Oh, gag me!" I thought.  What a fucking act!  My uncle had no
idea, but Jeannie was continuing the teasing.  Knowing that I'd
seen them together!  She was too much!

Jeannie looked over at me and, when my uncle wasn't looking,
reached up and undid another button on her shirt.  She winked at
me and turned her attention to Jack, who had just found out that
the toast was, indeed, as cold as the proverbial ice.

He didn't say a word, as he chewed his toast slowly and looked
into Jeannie's hot eyes.

"Well, what are you kids planning today?" he asked.  "Going to
take a swim?"

"I don't know how we can refuse with the pool looking so clean!"
Jeannie answered with a smile.  "I can't wait to dive in!"

Jeannie slouched down in her chair and stared at my uncle.  I
figured that she was playing "footsie" with him under the table
and had my thought confirmed when she slouched further and I
heard him choke on his food.

The three of us held a seemingly ordinary conversation, but I
knew that under the table, things were heating up.  Neither
Jeannie nor my uncle touched their food except for occasionally
playing with it as they talked, and when I'd finished eating, I
figured it was time for me to leave.

Besides, I had a plan.

"Excuse me, guys" I said, getting up from my seat.  "I just
remembered I told Ted I'd call him about tonight.  I'll be back
in ten."  I looked at Jeannie and winked, letting her know that I
was okay.

I hurried away, trying not to run and I breathed a sigh of relief
as I got to the kitchen hallway and out of their line of sight.

My heart was pounding as I quietly opened the basement door and
slipped down the steps.  My plan was getting clearer as I went
down the stairs.

I didn't flip the lights on, but instead walked slowly towards
the casement window on the pool side of the house.  Peeking
through the closed curtain, I smiled, knowing that my plan was a
good one.

Unbeknownst to Jeannie and my uncle, the table they were sitting
at was directly outside the window which I now stood at.  By
pulling the curtain apart slightly, I had a full view of the
"undertable" activities.

And what a wonderful view it was!!

Jeannie's foot was resting on Jack's knee and was moving back and
forth like a metronome.  Obviously she felt comfortable in the
fact that I wouldn't be returning for quite a while.  As I
watched, her foot moved to the inside of Jack's leg and she
started to gently rub his thigh with her toes.

Jack's cock was clearly visible.  A full two thirds of his pole
was sticking out from the leg of his shorts...and it was
enormous!  The head was at least as big as Ted's and was shiny
from the pre-come leaking from it's head.  I licked my lips at
the sight of the thick eight inch length.

Being able to just enjoy the sight of that hard cock, kind of
without a person attached, helped my deal with the mixed feelings
I was having about my uncle.  I was incredibly turned on!

I looked to my left as Jeannie slouched further into her seat and
saw her nightshirt ride up and over her hips.  As I watched, I
saw her hand reach down and undo the last button of her shirt.  I
knew that her tits were now completely exposed to my uncle's
eyes.

Probably my uncle had no idea, but Jeannie was sitting across
from him with her pussy completely exposed too!  I groaned at the
sight and watched as my best friend slid her foot higher up my
uncle's leg!

"This is too hot!" I whispered to myself.  I hurriedly reached
behind me and pulled a high stool from the bar over to the
window.

I unbuttoned my nightshirt and sat almost naked in the stool,
anxiously awaiting the sight of Jeannie's foot reaching Jack's
dripping cock.  I was so turned on I was close to coming right
there...without even touching myself!

I propped my feet against the window ledge, and brought my hands
up to cup my heaving breasts.  I closed my eyes as a feeling of
pure sex washed over me.  I squeezed my thighs together and
opened my eyes again, afraid to miss even one juicy moment.

Jeannie's hand was on her own thigh, rubbing lightly, and her leg
was completely extended.  But even slouched down in her chair as
far as she was, the table was just too wide for her to reach my
uncle's straining cock.  I knew that she was frustrated.  She
continued to rub Jack's thigh with her foot, and started to slide
her hand up her thigh, getting closer and closer to her exposed
pussy.

I followed her motions with my hand and cupped my pussy as
Jeannie's hands reached her own wetness.

Then my uncle surprised both of us!  I noticed his legs tense up
and then his butt scooted down as he slouched down in his chair.
The motion brought his cock to within an inch of Jeannie's
probing foot!

I don't think that she realized how close she was to her goal,
and my uncle decided to take the initiative.  I saw his hand
reach under the table, but instead of reaching for her foot, he
first went to the top of his shorts.

I gasped as I saw him unbutton the top button and slide his
zipper down to his crotch!  The end of his cock was still trapped
in the leg of his shorts but the top of his pole was now naked
and as exposed as Jeannie's cunt!

I would have given anything to have been able to hear their
conversation above the tabletop!

Jeannie finally stretched and made a glancing contact with the
head of Jack's cock.  I saw her leg tense up and then relax as
the contact surprised her.  Then, getting her bearings, she
started a slow rhythmic stroke on the head of Jack's cock.  Her
legs spread when she reached her goal and I saw a finger slide
into her slick pussy.

I knew then that conversation had most likely stopped by this
time.

Jack's hand moved down and I groaned again as I saw him pull his
cock out from it's prison and let it sway freely against
Jeannie's foot.  After stroking himself a few times, my uncle
used his hand to press his cock fully against Jeannie's foot, and
start to fuck it up and down.

Jeannie was getting hotter and I saw her slide two more fingers
into her pussy.  Her hips pumped as she fucked herself with her
hand.

Suddenly I saw Jack's foot enter my line of vision.  While I'd
been watching Jeannie fingerfuck herself, he'd slipped his shoes
of and was returning her favor by sliding his foot up her leg!

I saw him jump when his foot came into contact with Jeannie's
hand, and jump again even more when Jeannie, without missing a
beat,  grasped Jack's foot in her hand and drew it towards her
wet cunt.

I choked on my breath as I watched my uncle gently rub Jeannie's
clit with his toes.  He turned his foot a little sideways and I
moaned as he slid his big toe into her wetness.

I saw her pussy hungrily suck his big toe inside, and her legs
spread wide as Jack fucked her with his foot.

When Jeannie moved her left foot up to join her right at Jack's
crotch, the picture was complete.  Bending her leg over Jack's
she trapped his dripping cock between her two feet and began to
pump her feet slowly, his cock sliding between her insteps.

I couldn't believe my eyes!  My own pussy was dripping wetly now
and I was furiously thrusting three fingers in and out, rubbing
my clitoris with my other hand.

I'd never in my life been this wet or this loose.  I felt as if I
could plunge my whole hand up into my cunt and fist-fuck myself!

The only thing that stopped me from actually trying such a crazy
idea was that I'd have to stop watching the show upstairs!!

And it was getting too hot for that now!

Jack was fucking his cock into Jeannie's feet and trying to
simultaneously fuck his toes into her pussy!  By now, she had
both hands wrapped around his thrusting foot, and was grinding
her cunt against his thrusts.

I felt as if I was watching a silent movie for there was no sound
at all except for the occasional muffled groan.  I knew they were
trying to keep the noise down so as not to alert me.  If they
only knew!!

Jack's hands moved down to grip his chair cushion.  This allowed
him to lift further off the seat and I knew he was close to
coming.

He was fucking his cock into Jeanie's clutching feet, faster and
faster,  higher and higher, until he thrust upwards and I heard
another muffled exclamation.

He grasped Jeannie's feet and pushed them together forcefully.
The movement, and the position of Jeannie's leg over his own
aimed the head of his cock directly at the window I was looking
out of!!

My hand was a blur as my fingers fucked in and out of my cunt.

I felt my orgasm rising up inside of me as I focused my attention
on the end of my uncle's pistoning cock.  His juices were pouring
out of his tiny slit and covering Jeannie's feet with shimmering
pre-come.

And, as I felt my climax overtake my senses, my uncle's cock
erupted and sent a huge load of semen straight at me!  If we
hadn't had the window separating us, his first blast would have
been a direct hit on my face!  As it was, he hit the screen.  His
semen dripped down and blocked my view.

I hurriedly moved closer to the window not wanting to miss a
single beautiful blast from that cock.  I wasn't disappointed as
his prick continued to spew it's treasure all over Jeanie's feet.

Jack was making no pretense of hiding their activities now, and
with both hands on his chair cushion, he was fucking hard into
Jeannie's feet, covering them with wet semen.

Jeannie, meanwhile had slumped down into her chair so far that I
could see her face from my hiding place.  Her shirt was open and
at her sides and her breasts were heaving, covered in a thin
layer of sweat.

Her eyes were shut, and she had both of her hands in her lap. One
holding Jack's foot tight in her pussy, and the other rubbing her
clitoris savagely.  Her head was moving left and right and I knew
she was coming on my uncle's foot.

My own juices were flowing over my stabbing fingers as a huge
orgasmic wave washed over me.  I closed my eyes as I peaked and
slumped into my chair.  My whole body was tingling and I felt I
was going to pass out.  I think I'd stopped breathing ten minutes
ago!

As if in a dream, I brought my hand up to my face a licked my
juices from my fingers.  The taste and the smell made me think of
Jeannie and I opened my eyes to see what was happening
"poolside".

Jack's cock, although shrinking was still a formidable sight as
he continued to slowly fuck it in and out of Jeannie's feet.
He'd dropped his foot from her bush, and Jeannie had replaced it
with her fingers, slowly sliding two of them in and out.

Her eyes were closed and she wore a dreamy, satisfied smile on
her lips.

She began to stir, and as she roused herself, her eyes opened and
focused directly on me!

She jumped, and I heard her startled scream even through the
closed window!  I was too surprised to move and could do nothing
but stand there, my come slick fingers in my mouth, and my face
pressed against the glass!

Jeannie started to laugh and I saw her draw herself up in her
chair, obviously trying to explain what had just happened to my
uncle.

They both laughed then, and I knew that she had covered for me.
Jack would die if he knew I'd watched Jeannie jerk him off with
her feet!

As it was, her scream had broken the trance-like mood they'd been
in, and they both were nervously trying to straighten up.

My uncle was trying in vain to stuff his cock back into his
shorts, but I think the thought of what had just happened was
feeding into his brain.  What he was attempting to stuff into his
shorts was a full blown, delicious looking hard-on!  My mouth
watered with the thought that he was ready for more as quickly as
that. He'd just come only five minutes ago!  Hey! My uncle was a
stud!

The thought entered my mind that I'd absolutely love to help him
"put it away".  Then I immediately got flushed when I remembered
it was my uncle I was thinking about.  Geez, I was losing it
here!

Jeannie was having an easier time of it, buttoning her shirt and
adjusting her posture.

I grinned as I closed the curtain.


           ******************************************
                                
            The Early Adventures Of Tracy And Jeannie
                                
                          CHAPTER EIGHT
                                
           *******************************************
                                


I knew that Jeannie would head straight for my room and the
shower after her tryst with my uncle.  I hurried to beat her
there, and quickly jumped into the shower myself.

Over the noise of the rushing water, I heard her enter my room
and call for me.  She must have heard the water running and came
into the bathroom.
I leaned against the back wall and faced the glass door as
Jeannie slid it open a crack.  Her smiling face peered in through
the steam.

"So, did you get a good view?" she asked with a grin.

"The best..." I replied.  I brought my hands up to my breasts and
squeezed them together.  "You guys were too hot!" I moaned.

"Mind if I join you?" Jeannie asked, her eyes on my roving hands.
"My legs are covered with come if you can believe that."

She laughed as she dropped her nightshirt, and I moved back under
the spray, giving her room to get into the shower.

"I hope you're not upset" she whispered.  "It just kind of
happened, you know?"  Jeannie looked at me with genuine concern
in her eyes.

I smiled and stepped closer.  Putting my arms around her, we
swayed back and forth under the spray together as I told her
exactly how I felt about the whole thing.  I explained that she
had awakened some feeling inside me that I didn't even know I
had, mainly for my uncle.  I finished my story with a graphic
description of the wonderful come I'd  had!

The process of my story telling obviously turned Jeannie on as
she began to move her body in the opposite direction of mine,
rubbing her soap lubricated tits against mine.

The whole thing was incredibly sexy and I felt the familiar
tingling begin again in my pussy.  I moved my thigh slightly
between Jeannie's legs until my hip impacted with her blond bush.

She moaned and shifted her weight, returning my advance by
rubbing her pussy against my leg.

I looked into my friend's beautiful blue eyes and smiled.

"We'd better cool it" I said reluctantly.  "Wouldn't do to have
my uncle walk in on us would it?"  I continued to move against
her pussy with my leg.

"I think if he did walk in, we might all enjoy it" Jeannie
moaned.  She pressed her tits hard into mine as she hugged me.

"But I understand what you're saying to" she agreed.  "We can
continue our discussion later, maybe."

I kissed her lips lightly as I pulled away, and let the tip of my
tongue linger a bit on her lips.

I rinsed off, and opened the sliding door as Jeannie moved under
the spray.

"See you by the pool, beautiful." I said huskily.  Jeannie smiled
and stuck her head under the hot spray.  I took one long look at
the water cascading over her tits, and slid the door closed.

Her comment about us having fun with my uncle had my mind going a
mile a minute!

I put on my skimpiest bikini, a G-string affair that showed my
entire ass, with a top that hardly covered my 32 inch breasts,
and sauntered slowly towards the pool.  I'd left a little red
number, similar to the suit I had on, on the bed, hoping that
Jeannie would choose it over her own.

The top was big for me, but I knew that it would be snug on her
and would show her tits off wonderfully.
I also knew that red was my uncle's favorite color on a woman.

Maybe that's why I bought it, I thought with a smile.

I paused at the phone long enough to call Ted and tell him to
come over and catch some rays with us.  I was in the teasing mood
myself, and wanted some preliminaries to take place before our
date tonight.  I also suggested he call Al, since Jeannie was
here.

I hung up from Ted and moved out to the pool area.  I lay back
into one of the large chaise loungeers and reveled in the warmth
of the noon sun.

As I drifted off into a sun induced trance, I though about last
night and how Ted's cock felt as it glided smoothly through my
fisted fingers.  In my "dream" I imagined him on his knees,
between my widespread thighs, whispering to me that he wanted to
fuck me now...

My fantasy lover moved slowly towards me, leaning to kiss me, and
I felt his cock head rubbing against my wet and willing pussy
lips.

I whispered "Yes..." and I groaned deeply as I felt his cock
slide steadily and effortlessly into my cunt, not stopping until
I felt his balls against my ass.

I groaned again, and thrust my hips up to meet him, loving the
feel of his huge pole fucking in and out..."Fuck me..." I
whispered.


I jumped out of my reverie when I heard a deep cough from in
front of me. My uncle's voice cut through my dream like a knife.

"I'm off to play golf, honey..." I heard him say.

My eyes shot open and I saw him standing at the end of my lounge
chair.  I had no idea how long he'd been there, but I'm certain
he'd witnessed some of my movements and heard me groaning.

His eyes seemed to reflect a new awareness as they swept over my
half naked tits, and his cock was once again at full staff,
straining against the confines of his golf slacks.

"Sorry, Jack." I said, getting up from my chair to stand in front
of him.  "I must have dosed off for a minute"  I kept my eyes
focused on his hard bulge long enough to make certain he saw me,
then slowly moved my eyes up to meet his.

He swallowed nervously, but didn't move away.

"I've got a twelve o'clock tee time.  I gotta run." Jack said
softly.  His eyes kept flicking back and forth between my eyes
and my tits.

I figured 'what the hell' and stretched my arms over my head as I
looked deeply into his eyes, stretching broadly.   I pretended to
massage the back of my neck, which caused my tits to stretch the
fabric covering them almost to the bursting point!  I held that
pose as his eyes drank in the sight.

"I guess I'm still a little sleepy" I said innocently.

"Well, Happy Birthday sweetie" he said.  "I'm sorry I've got to
run, but I'm sure you'd rather hang out with your friends today
anyway."

"Not necessarily..." I needled softly.  "But you have a good
game.  I'll see you when you get home.  We'll be going out
tonight so you won't have to worry about dinner.  Celebrating the
"Big Eighteen" you know...".

I stepped closer and moved like I was fixing his collar and
straightening his shirt.

"Okay, then have some fun.  I'll see you around five."  Jack
leaned to kiss me goodbye, and I moved closer.  I tipped my head
back and, the combination of our movements made us bump one
another.

I felt his hard cock push against my belly as I reached around
his waist and hugged him to me. I kissed him hard and let my lips
linger a bit longer than I ever had before.  I moved my hips
slightly against his hard-on.

My lips parted as I felt the delicate hint of his tongue poking
out, and I moaned softly in my throat.  Jack made no move to back
his cock away from my dancing hips and his hand began a slow
motion across my back.

We both gave a start when we heard a noise from inside the house.
Jack pulled away quickly as Jeannie came walking out from the
kitchen.

She looked magnificent!  She'd taken my hint and put on the suit
I'd left and she looked stunning with her blond hair cascading
over her barely covered tits.

Her nipples were just covered by the skimpy top and her pussy was
almost spilling out of the bikini bottom.  A few wisps of blond
hair poked out from the sides and glistened in the sun.

"Thanks for the suit" she said to me.  "And I hope you don't mind
me borrowing your shoes.  I thought they'd compliment the suit."

To top off her outfit, she'd found my red heels in my closet. The
four inch spikes made her as tall as my uncle and pushed her tits
out as well.

I heard my uncle sigh as she stood in front of him.

"Have a great time, Mr. Thompson" Jeannie purred.  "Don't lose
any balls..."  She glanced at the bulge in Jack's pants and
ambled past him.  She made quite a show of walking slowly to a
lounge chair and bending over to move it closer to mine.

She'd turned her back to us as she did this, and her ass cheeks
were totally exposed.  She held the pose longer than she had to
and both my uncle and I groaned in appreciation.


Jack muttered something unintelligible and hurriedly left through
the garage.  Jeannie and I shared a grin, then burst out laughing
when we heard the car start.

As we listened to my uncle pull out of the driveway, we heard the
blast of his car horn and the answering bleat of Ted's horn.

The guys were here for a swim.

It was shaping up to be quite a birthday!  And we still had our
date tonight to look forward to.  I was going to make sure that
Ted was good and primed by the time this afternoon was over.

I had some serious plans that involved his help!  I was eighteen!
An adult who could legally drink, gamble and vote!  But I had
other changes in mind.

Being an "adult" was fine...but I was ready to become a woman!


Both of the guys were ready for a hot date when they picked us up
at seven o'clock.  Jeannie and I had spent the afternoon
strutting and prancing around the pool and loving every moment.

When I knew that Ted couldn't stand it any more I asked him to
help me with something in the kitchen.  When we were alone, I
kissed him deeply and slid to my knees in front of him.

With a minimum of preliminaries, I pulled his suit down to his
ankles, and sucked his hard hot cock into my throat.  I didn't
need to tease him for I'd been doing that all day.  I simply
wanted to give him a quick satisfying blow job with no frills.

I hammerheaded his cock until I could feel him leaking profusely
into my mouth.  I knew he was ready.

I pulled up from his shaft, until just the head was resting on my
tongue, then proceeded to jerk him off into my mouth.

In less than ten strokes he shot an enormous amount of semen into
my mouth.  As it poured from his lance I stared into his eyes and
moaned. I was able to swallow most of it, but a small amount
leaked from the side of my mouth and over my chin.

The taste, the feel, the smell...it was all so perfectly
wonderful!


"I've missed that..." I whispered to him with a smile.


Ted was a bit surprised by my straightforward approach, but I
explained to him that I simply couldn't wait any longer to feel
his cock in my mouth.  That seemed to please him immensely, and
he showed me a huge grin as I adjusted my suit and wiped his
semen from my face.

We walked back to the pool as if nothing had happened, but I knew
that both Jeannie and Al knew we'd been up to something.

I gave Jeannie a sly grin and settled back down into my lounger.
When I noticed Al looking at me, I put my arms over my head, and
placed a foot on either side of the chair while stretching like a
cat.  His lust lidded eyes told me I was having the effect on him
that I desired.

I could smell Ted's come on my lips and I felt so sexy!  I
couldn't wait until tonight!!


After the boy's left, around five o'clock, Jeannie and I went up
to my room to relax for a bit, and decide what we were going to
wear on our date.

I knew it had to be sexy, but I also knew that tonight was going
to be different.

Tonight, I knew, my boyfriend was going to fuck his hot hard cock
into my virgin pussy.  I'd absolutely loved the feel of Al's cock
in my asshole Friday night but also knew inside me that Ted's
cock in my cunt was going to be ten times better.  I began to
sweat as I thought about it.


The thought made me feel like a star.  And made me feel
fantasticly horny.  I would have to pick something especially
sexy for my "show".

Jeannie was lying back on my bed as I rummaged through my closets
and drawers for the perfect outfit.  She'd dumped the heels, but
still had the red bikini on, and still looked magnificent.

Her eyes were half-lidded and her legs opened and closed in a
lazy rhythm as she followed my movements around the room.

"That would look great on you, Trace." she said as I held a
diaphanous almost see-through blouse up to myself in the mirror.

"Yeah sure," I replied. "Except Jack wouldn't let me out of the
house with this on."

"That's true, but not for the reasons you're thinking!" Jeannie
laughed.  "I saw the look in his eye this morning.  I think he'd
love to see you wear that.  Just not out of the house!"

"Hmmm..." I mumbled, thinking back on our "good-bye" this
morning.

Regaining my self-control though, I turned the conversation back
to this evening.

"Anyway, I couldn't wear this cause I was going to dump my bra
tonight.  It would be a bit too obvious.

"But very sexy..." Jeannie breathed.  "Al would probably drive
into a tree or something.  You're right...too obvious!  How about
your leather dress...I love the way you look in this..."

Jeannie got up, and moved to my closet as she spoke, coming back
out, holding up a black leather dress with silver buttons all the
way up the front.

My father had given it to me about six months ago, when he got
back from a business trip to Spain.  The leather was amazingly
soft and supple and so thin that I felt almost naked when I was
wearing it.

The top was loose and full, but the bottom was snug, tightly
forming around my ass and hips and ending just about mid-thigh.

I'd never worn the thing because the thinness of the leather
allowed my underwear lines to show through.

Tonight, though, that was not going to be a problem.  It was
perfect!

"You are amazing ,girl!" I yelled at Jeannie.  "That is exactly
the dress I need for tonight!"  I hugged her and took the dress,
holding it up as I stood in front of the mirror.

"Perfect," Jeannie agreed, standing close behind me.  "Now why
don't you pick out something for me while I jump into the shower.
They'll be here in about half an hour!"

I moved behind Jeannie and helped her untie the top of her suit.
Looking over her shoulder, into the mirror, I was rewarded with
the sight of her tits spilling out of there too small prison.

I sighed as she brought her hands up to caress them.  Not being
able to hold myself back, I leaned into her and brought my own
hands up to cover hers.

"Why, Tracy Thompson!" Jeannie whispered in mock horror.  "What
ARE you doing?"  Her actions contradicted her words though as she
moved her hands out and away, allowing me direct contact with her
tits.

We both moaned as I squeezed and massaged them.  We were both
staring into the mirror.  Jeannie's newly freed hands made there
way to the sides of her bikini bottom and deftly pulled both
strings outward.

I fondled her firm tits, rolling her hardening nipples between
finger and thumb as she spread her legs slightly and let her suit
drop to the floor.

We were panting heavily now, basking in a warm sexual glow that
was rapidly becoming a flame.  My eyes followed her hands in the
mirror.  She brought them back to her crotch and cupped her pussy
mound with her right hand.  Jeannie's legs bent slightly and I
saw her slip one finger into her wet opening.  Her eyes closed as
her finger sank out of sight and then re-appeared, over and over,
picking up speed.

"God, Jeannie...If I had a cock I'd fuck you right here and
now...!" I panted into her ear.

"Honey, if you had a cock, I'd let you!" she replied with a
giggle.

I jumped when I felt her other hand reach behind her and cup my
pussy through my suit.  Then I relaxed and moved into her touch,
allowing her hand to feel my own wetness, even through the
cotton.

Jeannie's eyes opened and looked into mine as I released one of
her tits and brought my hand down to undo my suit bottom.  I
pulled the bikini out of the way and then covered her hand with
mine, as I'd done earlier.

My knees were starting to weaken and shake as I urged her finger
into my cunt.  My eyes were fixed on her other hand which was now
fucking a finger swiftly in and out of her pussy.

As her finger slid all the way into my channel, I followed it
with one of my own, so I had two fingers fucking me!  I could
feel my orgasm begin to wash over me.

Our legs gave out, and we sank in slow motion to the carpet,
neither of us missing a beat as we masturbated ourselves into
sexual heaven in front of the mirror.

I dropped my hand from her breast, and joined her pumping digit
at her crotch, fucking mine alongside hers so we were finger
fucking ourselves and each other at the same time!  The feeling
was indescribable!

I could feel her coming on my finger as I released myself to my
own orgasm.  We came as one, lying on the floor of my closet, the
sweat streaming out of our pores and the come pouring into our
hands.

"Damn, that was good..." Jeannie rubbed my clit gently, knowing
how sensitive it was.  "You took advantage of me, girl..."

"Yeah?  Well then what's this?" I replied.  Pulling her juice
covered hand from between my legs.  I licked her hand from palm
to fingertip, and then returned it to it's warm spot.

We laughed and hugged each other tightly.  Jeannie finally ran
into the shower and I looked for something she could wear.  It
had to be just right...

*****************
*****************

When I got out of the shower, Jeannie already had on the outfit
I'd picked for her.  It was a dress, similar to my leather one,
only made of soft, acid washed denim.  Pearl snaps, in lieu of
buttons ran the entire length of the front, and accented the
pockets and sleeves.  She was stunning with her blond hair
washing over the blue fabric.

She'd left the top four pearl snaps undone, and I could tell she
was following my lead, at least with the bra...I still had a
surprise for her.

Her eyes strayed over my nakedness as I dried my hair.  Her grin
reflected her approval.  I felt relaxed and wonderful as I
thought about tonight.  There was gonna be some magic happening
soon!

Jeannie laughed as I turned the dryer downwards and dried my
pussy hair.  A small shiver ran through me.

I turned and walked into my closet. Grabbing a small lingerie
box, I moved hurriedly back to the bed.  Opening it up, I pulled
a lacy black garter belt and black fishnet stockings from the
box, and held them up for Jeannie to see.

"Oooohhh, not fair!" she yelled.  "That's cheating!"

"Hey, Jeannie" I laughed, "with someone who looks as good as you
do, I need to cheat!"

I smiled at her feigned jealousy and slinked into the garter
belt.  I bent first one leg and then the other onto the bed
beside her as I sensuously slipped the stocking on, giving her a
tantalizing glance of my open pussy.

I attached the hose to the belt and stepped back, admiring my
handiwork in the mirror.  I had to admit I looked pretty fucking
hot!

Jeannie gasped as I reached for the leather dress and slipped it
on.
"You're not wearing panties!" Jeannie whispered in disbelief.

"I'm not wearin' nothin'!" I giggled nervously.  "I feel like
such a slut tonight..."

Jeannie moved close to me and licked my cheek with the tip of her
tongue.  "You are a slut, sweetie...and I love it."

She hiked her dress up to her hips and fell back onto the bed.
She rubbed her pussy through her jet black panties, and then
teasingly slid them down her legs.  She propped herself up on a
pillow and spread her legs wide, gently rubbing her lips with her
finger.

"Takes one to know one, sugar..." I whispered.

Just then the doorbell rang, and I heard Jack yell that Ted and
Al were there to pick us up.

I felt naked as I walked down the hall towards the steps, and so
sexy.  My breasts swayed against the cool leather as I walked,
making my nipples harden and tingle.  They were quite obvious
through the thin leather as I descended the stairs.

My heart started racing in anticipation of the night to come.

I hoped that Al would be driving his father's van and not his
mom's car.  I needed room tonight, and a Toyota simply wouldn't
do!


             ***************************************
                                
            The Early Adventures Of Tracy And Jeannie
                                
                          CHAPTER NINE
                                
            ****************************************
                                



Jack had gotten Ted and Al each a beer, and they were standing in
the living room when I walked in.

The expressions on all of their faces told me that Jeannie and I
had been right with our choice of dresses.

Three pairs of eyes went directly to my protruding nipples, which
were even more obvious in the bright light of the living room,
and then each pair went off in their own direction, all of them
washing over me with lustful appreciation.

My uncle came over to me and kissed me on the cheek, putting his
arm around my waist.

"You look absolutely gorgeous tonight, Tracy.  That dress looks
as good as I knew it would when I bought it.  Eighteen must agree
with you...I've never seen you look lovelier."

His hand paused at my waist, but I could sense that he wanted
nothing more than to continue down and cup my asscheeks with both
his hands.  The look in his eyes was one of confused lust.

I kissed his cheek and smiled back at him.

"Eighteen does agree with me, Jack, I'm an adult at last!"  I
hugged him to me and walked over to Ted and Al.

Both of them locked their gaze on my tits as I approached.

"Hi guys" I said innocently.  "Ready for some birthday fun?"

I kissed Ted and slid my tongue into his mouth.  I knew Jack was
watching me as I ground my hips into Ted's growing bulge.  I
sucked hard on Ted's tongue as I kissed him.

"I know I am..." I breathed into his open mouth.  I pulled away
as Ted started to breathe harder, and turned to Al, who was
watching us intently.

"Hi Al..." I vamped. "Jeannie will be down in a minute...and she
is lookin' HOT!"  I kissed him lightly and politely but slid my
hand over his ass as I did.

"Can't wait to see her..." mumbled Al, his eyes  sweeping over my
legs.  I grinned at the effect I was having.

I turned to speak to Jack, but he was nowhere in sight.

"I guess I'll get my own beer, then." I teased.  "Geez, things
are getting pretty bad when a birthday girl has to get her own
drink!"

I laughed as both guys scrambled to run and get my beer.  Ted
"won" and Al and I sat on the sofa.  When Ted returned, I thanked
him graciously as he sat in the chair across from us.

Both guys looked terrific.  Ted wore black straight leg jeans and
a grey sports coat.  Under the coat he had on a black shirt
complimented by a silver bola tie.  Our outfits matched so well,
you'd have thought we'd planned it!

I was getting hot looking at him.  I couldn't wait to get the
show on the road! I could see the outline of his soft cock along
the inside of his pants leg.

"Hey Jeannie!!" I yelled at the top of my lungs.  "Get the lead
out! We got a party to go to!"

"Or to make..." I whispered to Al.

"What party?" Ted asked with a puzzled look.  He hadn't heard my
comment to Al, and didn't realize I'd told my dad we were going
to a party and was keeping up the front.

"I'm having a party in my mouth..." I said sexily.  "Do you want
to come?"  I licked my lips sensuously and sat up straight,
pushing my tits toward his bugging eyes.

Al sat with an open mouthed expression, having no idea what to
say, as Ted's grin spread broadly across his face.

"Can I bring a friend?" he teased, catching on to my game.  His
gaze moved over to Al, sitting beside me.

"I was hoping to keep the party small..." I whispered, turning in
my seat and glancing obviously at Al's hardening cock in his
pants.
"You boy's might fill up the room."

"Jesus..." mumbled Al.  The bantering was driving him nuts!  I
gave him a "Groucho Marx" eyebrow bounce and that broke the
spell.  He grinned and laughed nervously.  I glanced back to Ted
and saw him grinning also.

I started to yell again for Jeannie, when she walked into the
room.

Al did a double take and the two of them did a repeat performance
of their response to my entrance.

"Let me say goodbye to Jack and let's get out of here." I said,
moving out of the room.  I figured I'd give Jeannie a chance to
prance as it were.  I winked at her as I left the room.

I found my uncle in the den. He was seated at his desk, but got
up when I walked in.

When I saw the bulge in his pants, I knew at once why Jeannie had
been late in joining us.  She'd wanted to show Jack her outfit...
or something like that.

I hugged Jack close, and told him we were leaving.

"Jeannie looks pretty hot tonight doesn't she?" I said goading
him a little.

I felt his cock stir against my leg at the thought.

"Not nearly as hot as you, sweetie" he replied.  "I can't believe
how you've grown up!  You're gorgeous!  You look like a model!"

I stepped back and soaked up his compliments.

"Maybe a Penthouse model..." I struck a sexy pose and dipped my
shoulders, allowing him a view of my naked tits.  I slid one hand
up my leg until it was just below my pussy.  The movement exposed
my entire leg to his view.

The cock in his pants was fully hard now and quite visible as I
stared at it and licked my lips.

Jack moved behind his desk in an attempt to hide the bulge, but
it was too late.  I'd already seen what kind of effect I was
having on him.  I think we were both starting to enjoy it!

"Well, kiss me goodbye then...I don't know what time we'll be
home so don't bother waiting up."

Jack came around once more from the relative "safety" of his
desk, and once more I drank in the sight of his boner.

As he kissed me, I moved closer.  In the same fluid motion, I
parted his lips with my tongue and moved past his teeth.  Feeling
no hesitation and feeling his tongue start to duel with mine, I
reached out and boldly wrapped my hand around his hard cock.

I was panting wildly as I stroked his cock up and down and felt
his hands slip around and grasp my ass cheeks.

I sucked his tongue as if it were his cock and nibbled gently on
the end.

"You girls are gonna kill me with your teasing..." Jack wheezed.
"I can't take much more of this...!"  I looked at him and was
relieved to see a wide grin on his face.  I squeezed his cock
harder.

"I want you right now!" Jack panted in my ear.  His cock was
fucking into my hand as I pumped him.

I pulled back but kept my hand on his cock.  Stroking slowly, I
smiled into his face.

"Me too, Jack..." I whispered.  "The last couple of days I've
been thinking quite a bit about this..." I squeezed his pole for
emphasis, and he groaned deeply.

I decided I really didn't care about Ted or Al walking in.  And I
knew that if Jeannie walked in, she'd join me!

"No more waiting, Jack....I need this right now!"

 I found the tab of his zipper and pulled down.

"I just need to taste you."

I dropped to my knees in front of my uncle.  With trembling hands
I pulled his briefs out and reached inside for his pole. When his
cock came into view I moaned.

Up close, I realized it was at least two inches longer than Ted's
and every bit as fat as Al's huge shaft!

"God..." I whispered.  "You're cock is huge, Jack"  I looked
upinto his burning eyes and leaned forward, taking just an inch
or two into my mouth.  I swirled my tongue around the head,
reveling in the heady aroma.

He immediately released a gush of pre-come juice onto my tongue
which made me groan.

I wanted so badly to suck the come out of his prick, and knew
that it would only take a minute.  Jeannie had primed the man
before I got there and he was just this side of shooting.

I leaned forward until I felt Jack's cockhead hit the entereance
to my throat.

It hit the back of my throat and bent a little but didn't slide
down as easily as Ted's does.  I marked my position on his cock
with my fingers and saw when I pulled up that I'd only taken
about two thirds of his meat into my mouth.

I stroked him slowly while looking at his prick, and then stood
up.

I looked into Jack's eyes as I began to unbutton my dress.  They
were like saucers as I reached the last button and spread the
leather wide.

Jack groaned as his eyes drank in the sight of my naked pusy and
my gartered thighs.

"I want you to fuck my mouth, Uncle Jack...I want to feel you
come in my mouth while I suck you..."  I slowly dropped to my
knees again as I spoke, and reached up to grasp his pole.

"Fuck my mouth with your cock...Uncle Jack"  I emphisized the
"uncle" and it seemed to excite him.

What definately excited him was when I opened my mouth and slid
his hard shaft in!

I bobbed my face up and down rapidly while I fondled his swaying
balls.  I didn't have a lot of time and wanted desperately to
taste my uncle's come.

Jack wasn't able to wait long anyway, though.  His hips began to
pump and he started to fuck his cock in and out of my mouth with
ever increasing strokes.  I knew he was ready.

I slid my mouth down until he was once again at the enterance to
my throat, then just pushed forward forcifully.

Jack moaned loudly and jumped as his cockhead forced it's way
past my tonsils and into my throat!

I groaned also as he began to fuck his cock deeper and deeper.

His pubic hair was just beginning to tickle my nose when I felt
his cock buck, then release a torrent of semen into my throat!

God!  It felt like a dam had burst!  His cock was pulsing as I
held him deep in my throat and was releasing wave after wave of
come with each spasm!

I had to pull back to allow my throat to swallow, and as I did,
Jack sent another bolt of pure semen into my mouth.

I think he was releasing years of pent up, frustrated orgasms
into my mouth that night, and I was loving each come-drinking
second of it!

I took him one last time into the depths of my throat as his
orgasm waned, then let him slip from my mouth.  I smiled up at
him as I licked his spilled come from my lips.

"Wow..." I panted. "That was awesome!   God, Jack...I love
drinking your come!  Wow!!"  I kissed him wetly, thrusting my
come covered tongue into his mouth and moaned as he began to suck
it gently.

I hugged him to me, then stepped back and began to button my
dress.  Jack followed each movement...sorry to see my body
covered after waiting so long to see it.

I saw his cock jump again as he made a hopeless attempt to stuff
it back into his pants.  He was still as hard as a chair leg.

  He sat down in his chair when we heard Jeannie calling me.
Moments later she barged into the room.

"Let's git girl!" she drawled.  "Hey what's that smell?" she
cocked her head and sniffed the air.

"Must be that new Musk Cologne...smells great Mr. Thompson!  See
you later...!"  She winked at my uncle and then at me and scooted
out of the room.

I grinned at Jack, who sat waving goodbye with mock rejection on
his face.

"See you later, Jack...." I said as I turned to go.  "Maybe
Jeannie will spend the night...we can continue our discussion..."

"I'll be waiting..."Jack panted as I skipped through the door.  I
ran down the hall and out the front door, pulling it shut behind
me.

Outside, Jeannie and the guys were already to go.

I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw that Al had gotten the van
after all.

So far so good, I thought.  And then some!!


                                
             ***************************************
                                
            The Early Adventures Of Tracy And Jeannie
                                
                           CHAPTER TEN
                                
             ***************************************
                                
                                

The minivan Al's dad loaned him had a wonderful stereo and all
the options.  The Doors were singing "L.A. WOMAN" as I followed
Ted into the back seat.

"Comfy back there?" Al asked with a smile.

"You bet..." I replied as I leaned into Ted's strong arms.  "Real
Comfy..."

"Then we're off!" Al yelled as he put the van in gear and hit the
gas.

The night air felt wonderful as we tooled down the highway.  The
smell of ocean breezes made my brain dance with visions of
tropical islands and swaying palms.  I grinned a giant grin and
hugged Ted hard.  I felt wonderful!!

The inside of the minivan was done in a kind of smoky grey velour
material.  Not what I'd choose for my own car, but it made the
van soft and cozy feeling.

Al's father had bought it for his car pool and it had two rows of
bench seats as opposed to the typical bucket seats or captain's
chairs.

All in all, it was perfect.

I asked Al to stop at a liquor store and pick up some tequila. He
was only too happy to oblige and came back with a chilled liter
of Jose Cuervo and a twelve pack of Foster's beer.  He also had
three bottles of Mumm's Cordon Rouge Champagne.

"You trying to get us drunk?" I asked "There's enough alcohol
here to stone an army!  Thanks!!"

Little did he know that they had no need whatsoever to get me
drunk that night.  I was planning on fucking someone...drunk or
sober!!

I grabbed the tequila and Ted put the beer in the cooler in the
back.  I took a long pull off the bottle and handed it to
Jeannie.

"Here's to it!" I yelled.

"Here's to it!!" everyone chimed back.  The music blared as we
headed down the road towards the middle of the city.  Dinner was
first, and I wanted to get it over with so we could have some
fun!

*****************
*****************




At the restaurant, which, by the way, was much nicer than
anything I expected, we had some wonderful Vietnamese food which
we washed down with some kind of Vietnamese home-brew liquor. The
stuff tasted like kerosene at first, but after a round or two, I
started to like it.  The buzz was marvelous, more like being high
than being drunk.  Not at all like an alcohol buzz.

We were all feeling "mah-vel-ous" when we left.

I thanked Ted and Al for the treat as we pulled out of the
parking lot.

It was about eleven o'clock when Al pulled the van into a
secluded area that overlooked the city.  A gloriously full moon
washed the city with silver light and the combination of nature
and technology was awe inspiring.  I turned slightly, and lay
back into Ted's arms as we drank in the sight.

I guess the front seat had different "views" in mind, because not
more than two minutes after Al parked the van, his head, and
Jeannie's sank out of our sight.

I smiled when I felt Ted's strong muscles tighten.  He had no
idea what I was planning for us tonight, but he knew it was gonna
be good and hot!  My hints had been heated and graphic all day
long and the teasing had elevated to new heights.

I was anxious too, but wanted to enjoy the view alittle while
longer and let the feeling build.  The mind was a wonderful
thing...

Plus, my "radar" was tuning in to the front seat.  I was
straining to hear what was going on up there.  My voyeurism would
have to be happy with fantasized images to go along with the
sounds I was picking up.

It was mostly breathing that we were hearing, but that was
getting louder and heavier as the seconds ticked by.  Soon that
sound was joined with one of soft, muffled moans and groans.
Things were starting to pick up!

Ted was enjoying the sounds also, and I felt his cock start to
stiffen under my back as I lay in his arms.  I moved my body
against it and was rewarded with a soft groan.  I took his hand
in mine and placed it on my belly as I turned my attention back
to the sounds of lovemaking emanating from the front seat.

Ted's hands made lazy circles on my belly, rubbing the leather
against my bare skin.  As we listened to Al and Jeannie, the
circles grew in size and intensity until his thumb was grazing my
tits with each pass.  He was no stranger to teasing and was
getting my blood hot with his slow caresses.

I scooted down a bit further into the seat and tilted my head
back, offering my lips to my lover.  Ted leaned over and gently
kissed me, his tongue poking out and just barely parting my lips.
I kissed him back hungrily, first dueling with his tongue and
then sucking it into my mouth, biting gently, chewing on him.

His cock was against my neck now that I'd scooted down, and I
moved my head against it.  He moaned and cupped my breast,
sliding one finger between the buttons of my dress and working it
back and forth on my naked tit.  It was my turn to moan as he
found my nipple and flicked his finger against it.

 I looked up at him and saw a knowing smile on his lips.  I gave
him a smile of my own and reached behind my head to feel his
shaft.  He was fully hard and made a wonderful pillow.  I covered
his pole with my hand and returned my head to his lap.

Things were starting to heat up in the front.  Every breath we
could here now was closer to a moan than a simple intake of air.
I wished that I could see through the seat.  I saw the back of
Jeannie's blond head come into view for a couple short seconds as
they adjusted positions and then she disappeared again.

The jingling of a belt buckle made Ted and I perk up, listening
intently for each new sound.  The jingling stopped, and was
followed immediately by the sound of a zipper being moved, and
that was followed by Al's low and lustful groan of pleasure.

I pictured Jeannie lying next to Al with his hard pole in her
hand.
The sounds of their loving was wet and noisy and was turning me
on immensely.

I heard muted conversation, and saw the back of Al's head as he
sat up and leaned it against the headrest.  Next came loud, wet
smacking noises and Al let loose with a long pronounced sob,
rocking his head from side to side against the headrest.

I smiled, knowing Jeannie had made the "Smacking" noises for the
benefit of Ted and myself.

She wanted us to know without a doubt that she'd just taken Al's
cock into her mouth, and probably by now, into her throat.  Ted
and I both moaned our appreciation and I heard Jeannie giggle
over Al's cock.

I still wished I could see something though, and luckily, Ted
gave me the opportunity.

"Could you lean up?" he asked in a whisper.  "I need to get this
sports coat off before I sweat to death!"

"You bet!" I said, my voice betraying my excitement.  "Here, I'll
just move over here..."

I leaned forward and moved to the right, towards the sliding
door, and got into a crouching position.  It allowed Ted all the
room he needed and more importantly allowed me to see over the
top of the front seat!

I couldn't see a thing at first except for Jeannie's blond hair
slowly bobbing up and down in Al's lap.  That in itself turned me
on...knowing that my friend was taking Al's big cock into her
mouth with each sucking downstroke.  I stretched to try and see
something, but my efforts were in vain.

I frowned slightly, and turned my eyes to Ted, who was struggling
with his coat in the cramped confines of the minivan.

When I returned my attention to the front seat, Jeannie had re-
positioned herself closer to the dash and had turned her head to
the side.

The new position offered me a wonderful view of Al's cock gliding
wetly in and out of Jeannie's mouth.  As I looked on, she slid
her mouth off of Al's pole and, turning to look at me, smiled and
licked her tongue from his balls to his cockhead, all the while
staring into my eyes.  Al and I did a groan duet...

She had obviously heard Ted's request for me to move, and knowing
me like she did, she knew I'd be watching.  I smiled back at her,
thanking her for the treat.

Jeannie responded by delving back into her task.  She took Al's
cock into her throat without hesitation, and began to suck him
off in earnest, bobbing her head up and down with wild abandon.

I saw that her dress was still on and was still buttoned.  Al
probably hadn't discovered his girlfriends total lack of
underthings yet.

Even if she did bring him off, once he saw her panty-less pussy
and thought about how she'd been just about naked all evening, I
knew his cock would grow back quickly...if it went down at all!

I was turning my head back to check Ted's progress, when my gaze
was stopped short by Al's half-lidded and lust filled eyes.  He
was staring at me as he fucked his cock in and out of Jeannie's
wetly sucking mouth.

I smiled and returned his stare, letting my mouth open slowly and
running my wet tongue around my lips.  My breath was escaping in
short agonized bursts.  I noticed Jeannie's head turn slightly
and look up at me also, keeping her mouth open and accepting Al's
long hard thrusts.

I heard Ted call my name and turned to find him jacketless,
leaning back into his seat, and holding his open arms out to me.

He had also removed his tie and his shirt was unbuttoned to his
waist. his muscular chest beckoned me to come closer.  He had one
leg up on the seat and the other was on the floor, and he was
leaning back against the wall of the van.

I moaned softly and moved back to my seat.  But before moving
back into my boyfriends arms, I reached down and grabbed hold of
his belt.  Smilingly looking into his face, I undid the buckle,
making certain there was a lot of jingling, and pulled Ted's belt
through his pants loops.  With a magician's flourish, I through
the leather into the back of the van.

Then I returned my hands to his lap and reached for the button at
the top of his Dockers.  Not losing a beat of rhythm, I undid the
button, found the zipper tab and pulled...

Ted was beside himself as I opened his pants and reached inside.

To my surprise and delight, a hard NAKED cock greeted me at the
entrance.

"Naughty boy!" I whispered, loud enough so that Jeannie could
hear.
"Did someone forget their underwear tonight?"

"You are such a slut..." I said to Ted as I wrapped my hand
around his pulsating shaft.  I kissed him hotly as I stroked his
cock, then turned and resumed my former position, laying back
into his arms.

The heat from his hard-on burned into my back as I put my finger
to his lips, signalling him to be quiet.  I motioned for him to
listen and pulled his head close to mine.

Whispering softly, but still loud enough for Jeannie and Al to
hear, I explained my thoughts to Ted.

"I was watching them while you got your coat off." I said.
"they're getting pretty hot and heavy up there..."

"Jeannie is sucking Al's cock right now" I whispered sensuously.
I pulled Ted's finger to my lips, sucking one in to demonstrate
my words.

"Her head is in his lap and he's fucking his cock in and out of
her mouth.  I could see it slide all the way in...I know she was
taking him into her throat.."

Ted's hips were pumping into my back as I described each movement
I'd seen.  His hand started to play with the silver buttons on my
leather dress.

"He's going to come in her mouth, Ted...I know it!  I know that
she loves that as much as I do...I saw the look in Jeannie's eyes
as he fucked her mouth...she wants to taste his come on her
tongue...she's gonna suck him off...I want to lie here and listen
to that Ted.  Is that okay?"

I pleadingly looked into his eyes and saw that he was as excited
as I was.

"I want to hear Al come in her mouth, Ted.  It's gonna be soon,
just listen..."

We could plainly hear the sound of Jeannie's sucking in the front
seat.  She'd heard every word, naturally, and was giving us a
sound show to remember.  The noise of her sucking was almost
deafening in the quiet of the car.

Ted's fingers worked at the buttons of my dress as we listened to
the sounds of sucking.  His cock was jumping like a snake behind
my back.

The first two buttons were already undone so after undoing three
more, Ted had full access to my naked tits.  I moaned in my
throat as his warm hands encircled first one, and then the other.
Each hand had a tit to enjoy as he spread the lapels of my dress
wide.

I looked down to watch his fingers play with my nipples.  I
brought my hands up to join his and squeezed each of his hands
harder, forcing my nipples into his hands.  He pinched each one
and rolled them between his fingers.  The feeling was magical.

Knowing he was watching my hands and my tits, I reached one hand
lower.  With exaggerated movements, making certain he saw me, I
started to unbutton the next few buttons of my dress.

The new opening made me naked from neck to belly as I lay back
into Ted's lap.  His hands found a new freedom as they danced
over my body.  I stopped him from reaching lower than my belly,
cause that treat I wanted to save for later.  Besides, I wanted
to concentrate on the activity in the front seat.

I knew Al was close to coming.  Jeannie had gotten up onto her
knees in the front seat and the gleam of her blond tresses
bouncing in the moonlight made it clear that she was on a
mission.

Al was making no attempt to cover his moans.  After seeing me
watching his girlfriend suck his cock, pretending otherwise would
have been silly.  Ted looked down at me and grinned wildly.  I
felt his cock pumping into my back as we waited anticipated a big
finish from the front.

We weren't disappointed.  Al was breathing hard and fast.
Jeannie's head was a blond blur as she maniacly bobbed up and
down on Al's pole.  Once in a while, she'd slow down and we'd see
her head slowly sink from view.  Al would groan deeply and we
both knew she was taking his long cock deep into her throat. Then
she'd move back up and resume her rapid sucking.

Al was really close now.  We saw his shoulders start to shake and
I knew he was fucking his cock in and out of Jeannie's mouth. The
wet sounds of her sucking rang through the van.

Finally, Al's head and shoulders tensed and Jeannie's head
stopped bobbing.  Al groaned loudly and I knew he was filling
Jeannie's mouth with his hot semen.  I heard Jeannie moan her
appreciation and her head started to bob up and down again.

Ted was going crazy as we sat and listened to the sounds of
Jeannie drinking Al's come.  The whole thing was incredibly sexy.
Ted was keeping a steady rhythm on my tits and his cock kept time
against my back.

Jeannie made a choking sound and I could hear her pull Al's cock
from her mouth and make loud swallowing noises.  I smiled...

I couldn't wait to suck Ted's cock to show how much I appreciated
him playing along with my fantasy.  That was one reason.  The
other  reason I wanted to suck him off was because I desperately
wanted to feel his cock in my pussy tonight.

I knew that after the day we'd had, combined with the last
fifteen minutes of sex, Ted wouldn't last more than two minutes
inside my cunt.  I wanted much more than that.

I paused in my thoughts when I heard Jeannie changing her
position.  She whispered something unintelligible to Al and they
both laughed.

Still laughing, Jeannie sat up and leaned against the passenger
side door.  From her position, she was just able to peek over the
top of the seat.  Her eyes met mine as she slowly stopped
laughing.  In the bright moonlight I saw that her chin was
covered with Al's come.  Her lips glistened from his semen and
she made no attempt to wipe it off as she looked back at Ted and
me.  Her tongue made idle circles around her lips.  Her eyes were
heavily lidded with lust.

I figured Al was taking a breather.  He deserved it!

I moved away from Ted and positioned myself at the end of our
seat, facing him.  My change of position left Ted sitting with
his legs spread and his cock exposed to view.

I looked into Ted's eyes and felt a warm rush wash over me.  His
cock was so hard and big and he looked so handsome sitting there
with it sticking out of his pants.  I leaned back into the arm of
the seat and grasped the lapels of my leather dress.  It was
unbuttoned to the waist and I spread the sides apart exposing my
tits to Ted's drooling gaze.  He sighed as I brought my hands up
to my tits and fondled them, pushing them towards him.

My eyes dropped to his jutting cock as I dropped one hand into my
lap.  He couldn't see under my skirt for the light was too low at
that level, but he had a clear idea of what was on my mind.

I slid my hand up my thigh until I came into contact with the
lower hairs of my pussy.  I sighed at the contact and continued
upwards.

"Let me watch you..." I whispered to Ted.  "Let me see you jerk
off..."  I slid a finger between my pussy lips and felt the
moisture beginning to leak out.

Ted dropped a hand into his lap and wrapped his fingers around
his ten inch cock.  He grinned as he pointed the head towards my
face and stroked it long and slow.  A huge droplet of pre-come
appeared at the top and dribbled over his fingers.

I looked up as I heard Jeannie groan.  Her head was peering over
the top of the seat and her eyes were fixed upon Ted's pumping
hand.

Ted noticed her attention and continued his stroking.  I slid my
middle finger deep into my pussy and started to fuck myself as I
watched Ted masturbate.

The feeling that washed over me was purely erotic and I knew I
was going to come soon.

I saw Ted shifting, and watched as if in a dream as he moved to
his knees on the seat in front of me.  He continued to pump his
cock and pointed the tip towards my face.  The sight was so
fucking sexy I had a hard time stopping myself from leaning
forward and swallowing his whole shaft into my throat.

I looked at his face and noticed that while his cock was focused
on my face, his eyes were focused on Jeannie's.

She had leaned over the seat and was intently watching Ted jerk
off in my face.  Her eyes flicked back and forth from Ted's eyes
to his cock, to my face.

I know she wanted to see Ted come all over my face, and if the
surrounding were different, I would have been happy to comply,
but my plans precluded a come bath this evening.

For the time being, I wanted to remain relatively clean.  Also, I
was looking forward to the taste of Ted's come float over my
tongue and into my stomach.  I knew that time was approaching
fast.

Ted had moved to within an inch of my lips and was jerking his
cock with a passion!  Jeannie was panting, not knowing whether I
was going to take Ted's load in my face or in my mouth.  She was
almost climbing into the back seat she was so engrossed!

I decided to give her a treat like she'd given me.  I sat up in
my seat, regretfully pulling my fingers out of my cunt, but
excitedly anticipating my next move.  I felt  like I was floating
through a porno movie and wanted to act the whole thing out.

I leaned forward and took the head of Ted's cock into my mouth. I
sucked him deep as he continued to pump it.

I turned my head towards Jeannie and grinned around Ted's cock
when I saw the look of desperate lust on her face.  I continued
leaning forward, drawing Ted with me, until he was almost
standing and fucking his cock into my mouth.  My movements were
bringing me closer and closer to Jeannie's pleading face, and
when My shoulder hit the back of the front seat, my face was only
an inch from hers.

She had an extreme close up view of Ted's cock fucking my mouth!

I knew Ted was following all of this and looked up at his face.
He was lost in lust as he fucked my mouth, watching Jeannie and I
stare at his cock disappear and reappear in and out of my lips.

Knowing I had his undivided attention, I pulled his cock from my
mouth and started to jerk him off only inches from my mouth.  He
groaned when I bent his pole and aimed it towards Jeannie's face.

Jeannie moaned too, and stuck out her tongue, making licking
motions and trying to get closer.  Ted obliged by crouching
closer and her tongue made contact with Ted's ten inch monster.

It was my turn to moan as I watched her lick Ted's shaft.  I
leaned to my right and joined her in licking his head.  Ted
started fucking the air wildly and I knew he was going to shoot.

Quickly I signaled to Jeannie that her "treat" was over and
pulled Ted back to me.  Staying in a position that allowed
Jeannie to see all of the action, I started to suck hard on Ted's
pistoning prick.

I held my head still and allowed Ted to fuck my mouth as deeply
as he pleased.  My mouth was watering so profusely from just the
thought of his come, that he had no trouble passing my tonsils
and fucking his cock deep into my throat.

I watched Jeannie's face as I felt Ted tense up.  Wanting to
continue the show, I pulled my head back and looked up into Ted's
eyes.

"Jerk off into my mouth, lover..." I panted to Ted.  "Pump your
come into my mouth...I want to see it...I want to taste it..."

Jeannie was moaning and had both arms on the back of the seat
making no attempt to hide her watching from Al.

Ted groaned and his first load hit my bottom lip and dripped
down, over my chin and onto my naked tits.  I tried to catch some
with my tongue but was immediately hit with his second burst.
This one landed squarely in my mouth and I moaned my thanks.  I
swallowed noisily and then leaned forward encasing The head of
Ted's cock with my lips.

Ted's last shot was two quick, full loads and I held his semen in
my mouth as I felt him soften slightly.

Looking at Jeannie out of the corner of my eye, I smiled around
Ted's cock and pulled away, leaving my lips sealed and my mouth
full of his come.

I leaned over to Jeannie and, with Ted and Al both looking on, I
kissed her full on the lips.  I slipped my tongue between her
lips and her mouth opened willingly and fully.

Ted's thick semen poured over my tongue and into my girlfriends
mouth.  An incredible aroma tore through my senses as Jeannie and
I shared Ted's come, rolling it over our tongues and pushing it
in and out of each others mouths.

We both started giggling and laughing at the thought of how
slutty we were acting and I felt come and saliva run from the
corners of my mouth and over my chin.


I pulled away from Jeannie and faced Ted.  He was staring wide
eyed at the two of us.  His come dripped from my chin and I made
an attempt to scoop it up with my fingers.  Jeannie did the same
and we licked the remainder of his come from each others fingers.

It was so fucking hot!!

But now it was MY turn!  I was primed and I was ready!



***************************************

***************************************


Ted had dropped exhausted back into his seat and I did the same,
taking my original position at the opposite end of the bench
seat.

I smiled at Ted as I watched him stroke his half hard cock.  He
looked at me with tired eyes but I knew I could perk him up
again.

I brought my hands back to my breasts, and we were back where we
started twenty minutes ago...watching each other play with
ourselves!

This time though, I took it one step further.  It was time to get
this show moving!  I again dropped a hand to my lap, but this
time I went for the remaining buttons on my dress.

I slowly and sensuously undid them one at a time until only one,
at my waist was left.  I smiled again at Ted and brought one leg
up onto the seat, leaving the other on the floor of the van.

The motion hiked my dress up my thighs and exposed my garter belt
and stocking to Ted's gaze for the first time this evening.  His
sharp intake of breath told me that he approved.

And he ain't seen nothin' yet!

I kept one hand on my breast and the other on the last button of
my dress.  Ted's hand was moving rapidly on his shaft and I
noticed that he was back to full size with another raging hard-on
in his hands.

I waited for just the right moment and released the final silver
button.

My dress flew open and I lay there in front of Ted, totally naked
except for my garter belt and stockings!

Ted sat bolt upright like he couldn't believe his eyes!  I
grinned at my success and spread my legs wide, making sure he
could see I was naked.

Ted saw alright and fell back into his seat like he'd been hit
with a bat.  I focused on his cock and reached for my pussy once
more.

This time though, there was nothing in the way of Ted's view.  I
quickly slid two fingers into my cunt and started to fuck them in
and out slowly, relishing the effect I was having on Ted's cock.

His juice was pouring out of his cock and over his stroking hand.

I was really turned on now.  I motioned for him to come closer
and Ted sat up and leaned over to me.  I kissed him and reached
for his cock, stroking it from tip to balls, loving the slippery
feel of his wetness.

Ted leaned closer and dipped his head down taking my left nipple
into his mouth, laving it with his tongue.  I shivered with
delight and worked his cock in my hand.

I pulled my other leg up onto the seat and spread my legs as wide
as I could.  Ted leaned back to look into my cunt, then sighed
and dove down, sliding his tongue deep into my pussy.

No preliminaries here!  We were both seething with lust and
desire.
Ted knew, as soon as I showed him my naked pussy that he was
going to fuck me tonight.  The thought of it was driving us both
crazy with passion.  My lewdness only fanned the flames.

Ted's tongue in my pussy was pushing me over the edge.  His
tongue would fuck in deep, then he'd suck me as hard as he could.
I could feel my juice pouring into his mouth.  My hips started to
pump against his face as I started to come.

Suddenly Ted reached down with both hands and pulled my legs up
and apart with one fluid motion.  He dipped his head further down
until his tongue flicked against my tight asshole!

I screamed at the touch and fucked my hips up to meet him.  I'd
never felt anything so hot before.  I tried to relax my muscles
and felt his tongue slip past my tight asshole and into my ass.
At the same time his nose was buried in my cunt and the bridge of
his nose rubbed against my clitoris.

The combination sent me over the edge.  An orgasm like I'd never
had overtook me.  I came and came, screaming for Ted to fuck my
ass with his tongue.

I screamed again as I felt Ted slip a finger past my sphincter
and into my asshole.  I'd never imagined my asshole could give me
so much pleasure!

Ted turned and knelt on the floor of the van, his lips searching
my tit for a nipple and his hands busily heating up my crotch.

The finger he was using in my asshole was getting well lubricated
by my continuing come flow which washed over his hand.  As he
fucked my ass with his finger he steadily moved deeper and deeper
until his entire middle finger was buried in my hole.

I gasped as I felt his hand cup my mound as his finger fucked
into my ass.  Ted was grinning wildly at my reaction to his
manipulations.  He loved  to watch me come every bit as much as I
loved to see him come. He watched my face, and I felt his finger
slide out of my ass and pause.  I waited patiently though and was
soon compensated for my "tolerance" with the feeling of Ted's
thumb rubbing my clit.  Gently at first, and then with more and
more force, he brought me close to another huge orgasm with his
motion.

I reached for his cock and found it easily.  I wrapped my hand
around it and started the pumping motion I knew Ted loved.  Slow
but firm and with a squeeze when I reached the head.  I rolled my
thumb over his cockhead and spread his pre-come around.

Ted moaned and continued working on my orgasm.  His thumb on my
clit felt wonderful and I fucked my hips up to meet each action.

I was close and Ted knew it.  Suddenly his thumb moved away from
my clit and spread my dripping pussy lips.  With a single motion,
Ted inserted his thumb into my cunt and his finger into my
asshole and drove them both in to the hilt!

I screamed again and almost passed out from the ecstasy.  He
moved his finger towards his thumb and felt the thin membrane
separating my two holes.  It was like a fuck massage and I loved
the feeling.

Then he bent to the task of making me come.  Not that it was much
of a task, mind you, for I'd been having one prolonged orgasm for
about five minutes, ever since his tongue hit my pussy!

Regardless, Ted started to fuck his fingers in and out of me. His
palm was covered with my juice and made a loud smacking noise
each time he hit my skin.  His finger fucked my asshole and his
thumb was fucking my cunt.

I knew that Jeannie and Al were enjoying the sound from the front
seat, and that made me smile.

I was jerking faster on Ted's cock as he finger fucked me into
oblivion.

I felt his hips start to fuck my fist and knew he was close to
coming.  Ans as much as I loved to make that happen, I had
different plans tonight!

"I pulled Ted's face close to mine.


I sat up in my seat, releasing Ted's dick from my stroking palm,
and looked him in the eye.

"I want you to do me a favor..." I smiled sensuously at Ted.

"Anything...!" Ted panted.

I smiled and leaned forward.  I took his face between my palms
and kissed him deeply, letting my tongue slide deeply into his
mouth.

Silently I then reached up and proceeded to remove my leather
dress from my shoulders.  It slid smoothly to my hips and lay
there in a soft heap.  I raised my hips and slid the soft black
hide from under me, curling it into a semi-neat bundle and
setting it on the carpet beside me.

I turned back to Ted, totally naked except for my black garter
belt and stockings.  I cupped both of my breasts with my hands as
he stared at me.

"Should I leave these...?" I teased as I slid my hands up one
thigh and then the other, straightening my stockings.

"Yeah...leave 'em..." Ted panted.  His hand reached down to his
crotch and he began to stroke his cock.  His eyes focused on my
hands as I slid them up my thighs, stopping only when they came
into contact with my dripping pussy.

We both moaned when I made contact.  I watched him pump his dick
as I slid two fingers into my pussy.  The feeling was incredible
as I began to masturbate in front of Ted.  He moved closer to me
as he continued to stroke his hard pole.

I spread my legs wantonly and brought my other hand into the
scene. Making sure that he had a clear, unobstructed view, I
fucked both of my middle fingers into my pussy, one from above
and one from below.  Then continuing my show, I removed one
finger and moved it south, teasing the ring of my asshole as I
shifted my gaze to Ted's face.

He was totally engrossed as I pressed the tip of my finger into
my asshole and then effortlessly slid my finger in to the last
knuckle.

We both groaned again as I "hit bottom".  The look on Ted's face
was one of pure lust and total disbelief.  I fucked both of my
holes for a couple of minutes and wallowed in Ted's radiating
lust.
His hand was a blur on his cock, and I could see his pre-come
glistening on his fingers as it dripped from his shaft.

I licked my lips as my mouth watered with the thought of his wet
cock and how it would feel in my mouth.

I had to kick myself from my reverie though, for as much as I
wanted to suck Ted's cock and taste his sweet maleness, I had
other plans.

I pulled my finger from my pussy and held it glisteningly towards
Ted's face.  He smiled and eagerly leaned forward, sucking it
deeply into his mouth and sucking my juices from it.

Then I gave him the "silent challenge".  I slowly removed my
finger from my asshole and held it in front of me.  I was curious
as to how Ted would react.  I was not disappointed.

Without missing a sucking beat, Ted removed his lips from the
finger in his mouth and ducked his head down, taking my new
offering deeply into his mouth and sucking hard.

At the same time, he looked into my eyes with a love and passion
that was new to us both.  He was saying with his mouth that he
loved every part of me...my mouth, my hands, my pussy, and yes,
my ass!

I knew then that my decision was the right one.  I sat up and
replaced my finger with my tongue in Ted's mouth.  I was moaning
deeply as I grasped his hard cock in my hand and started to jerk
him off with a passion!

"Fuck me...!" I moaned into his mouth.  "Fuck me right now!"

I continued to pump his cock as I leaned back against the
armrest. I spread my legs wide as I pulled him closer.  "Fuck
me..." I repeated.

Ted needed little urging and moved his hips closer to my waiting
cunt.  I groaned as I felt the head of his cock come into contact
with my pussy lips.  Then it was Ted's turn to groan as I rubbed
his cock head against my pussy lips.  Instinctively I knew that
this was the first time for him also.  It was all so right!

I was reveling in the feel of Ted's cockhead against my outer
pussy lips, but Ted was getting more animated with his movements.
I was rubbing his head up and down but he was starting to thrust
his hips back and forth, unconciously following the instinctual
rhythm of the ages as his cock took on a mind of it's own.

I had no arguement at all and relaxed my body, slowly allowing
his cock access to the ultimate goal.  I closed my eyes as I felt
his thich head slip past my pussy lips and glide into my wetness.

Jeannie and I had both lost our "cherries" on the same night
about a year ago.  We'd spent the night at her house and were
experimenting with her mother's "little helper", a vibrating
dildo that looked like a cock, felt like a cock, and, as it
turned out, worked every bit as well as a cock in that regard.

I lost mine first, kind of by accident, and Jeannie felt that she
had to "rise to the challenge".  She purposefully and proudly got
her hymen out of the way minutes later.

We were a bit sore later, and had a few regrets about "jumping
the gun", but soon after, our regrets were replaced with the warm
feelings of full blown orgasms gotten from the full stroke
pleasure of her mom's vibrator.

Anyway, the reason I mention that is that I expected the feeling
of Ted's cock to be about the same as that vibrator as it slid
into my wet pussy.  I couldn't have been further from the truth!

The first two inches of Ted's cock felt as if they were going to
split me wide open.  I'd never ever felt anything so totally
FILLING!

I could feel his cock pulsating inside my cunt.  The feeling of
having something alive inside of me....to have a real COCK inside
my pussy


The feeling was wonderful and indescribably exciting but, at the
same time, I neened room to breathe!

"Go slow,baby....go slow..." I panted into Ted's neck.  I pushed
back on his hips with my hands, then pulled him slightly forward,
causing a fucking motion that allowed only a couple of inches
into my cunt.  Soon I relaxed enough to accomodate him and made a
motion for him to come closer.

Immediately, another four inches of cock slid into my pussy.  Ted
stopped while I caught my breath and then took up a slow sensuous
movement with his hips, leaving about six inches inside me, but
only moving in and out a slight amount.  The feeling was
deliscious.  I could feel my pussy leaking lubricating juice
around Ted's intruder and I fucked my hips to meet his short
thrusts.

We both enjoyed the smooth motion of our shallow fucking, but
soon I wanted more.  I sensed that Ted also wanted more and,
looking up into his sweat covered face, I smiled as I rocked my
hips to meet his.

"Do it..." I teased.  "I want to feel it all....fuck
me...Unghhh!"

I cried out as Ted's hips moved slowly back until just the head
of his cock was encased in my pussy lips.  Then, looking into my
eyes, he slowly and forcefully moved his hips forward.  I
screamed into his shoulder as his cock slid deeply into my cunt.
He didn't stop pushing until his entire shaft was buried in my
pussy.

I started to hyperventilate around his tongue as Ted kissed me
deeply.  I couldn't believe that I was finally getting fucked!!

It was absolutely everything that I'd imagined it to be.  Ted's
hips started a long slow fucking motion that ended first with his
cockhead being sucked by my pussy lips and then with his full
length buried in my tunnel, and his heavy, come-laden balls
swinging into my ass.

I could feel each of his nine inches pass the barrier of my lips
and moaned with the thought of how his cock looked as it fucked
into me.

Ted's long strokes began to pick up speed and ferocity as he
continued to pump into me.

I closed my eyes and spread my legs wide, drawing my knees to my
chest as I opened my pussy to his thrusts.  Wrapping an arm
around each knee, I brought my hands together in the middle and
caressed Ted's straining face, pulling him closer to kiss him
deeply.

The feeling of his hard cock fucking deeply into my cunt with
each stroke was bringing a monster orgasm closer and closer to
the surface of my conciousness.  I could sense it's power and
grroaned in anticipation.

In the dim light of the full moon, I could watch Ted's cock as it
fucked in and out of my pussy.  With my legs drawn up to my chest
I had an unobstructed view of his slippery pole ramming in and
out of my hole.
It was like watching a porno movie, only with the wonderful
sensations of reality attatched.  The combination was
indescribable!

I started to think that this was one of those moments that I'd
love to have on video tape...every wet, slutty, pornographic
detail to live over and over again each time I watched it.

Fuck the senior prom and the graduation ceremonies, this was
history!

I made a quick mental note to bring my dad's camcorder the next
time Ted and I (and Al and Jeannie...) went out...

Those thoughts took about a nanosecond to fly in and then out of
my head.  My true focus of attention was directed to my crotch.

Ted was fucking his cock in and out of my cunt like a jackhammer!
His whole length would be exposed to view for a half a second and
then he'd slam his hips forward, burying his entire length within
my body.

On each anticipated downstroke I'd grasp my knees tighter and
pull, pushing my pussy up to meet his thrust with the same energy
he was exerting.

The result of that movement was to push his long hard cock
another half an inch into my wide spread pussy.

The result of THAT was the beginning of the end for both of us!

Ted's cock pushed me to the very brink of the most powerful, most
stupendous orgasm I had ever felt.  I just knew it from the build
up!  I was determined to stay concious for this one!

"Fuck me baby..." I panted up to him.  "Fuck me hard...make me
come on your cock...Oh, yeah...oh YEAH!....!"  I was screaming
now, totally unconcerned if the whole world could hear me come.

I could hear Ted's grunts of passion as he pummeled my cunt with
lightning strokes from his cock, and I let out a long low moaning
scream as my orgasm washed over me.  I grabbed Ted's ass cheeks
and pulled him as deep as possible and held him there as I came
around his cock.  His whole body was trembling under my hands as
he did his best to remain still for me.

I held his hips tight as I slowly regained control, pumping my
hips into his cock and renewing the fucking motion.

My anticipation had been well founded.  The orgasm that I was
still experiencing was one that went far beyond any mere "come".

I felt that I had met with God.  I felt that I had trancended the
physical plane and was floating in space.
I certainly felt a connection with the physical, and still
reveled in the feel of Ted's cock in me, and the heady smell of
our sex, but I felt that I'd achieved a spiritual bliss that I'd
never felt before.

I opened my eyes slowly, drinking in the sight of Ted so very
near, as near as he'd ever been to me.  The feeling of pure love
that passed between us as our eyes met stays with me even to this
day. It was absolutely wonderful!

Soon, though, the feelings of shared love were replaced by a
sense of lustful desperation.  Ted had been patient, allowing me
to enjoy my orgasm and to center my attention on my come.  But
now he was ready to burst wide open!

The expresion of consternation on his face was almost comical,
and would have been great for the video, but the reality was that
I had a "favor" to return.

I began to fuck my hips into his cock more forcefully and at the
same time I squeezed my cunt muscles as hard as I could, doing my
best to jerk him off with my pussy.

His reaction told me that I was at least having some effect on
him!

He groaned deeply in his throat and pushed to meet my hips with
his own thrusts.  I knew he was going to come and I hoped that it
was every bit as powerful and exciting as my own, continuing
orgasm was.

"Come in my pussy, Ted..." I whispered to him.  "My mouth can
wait...my tits can wait...I want this one inside of me!  Come for
me, Ted!"

I squeezed my cunt muscles hard again and spread my legs as wide
as I could, offering him my entire being as his fuck toy.

Ted fucked into me deeply three or four strokes and then held
stock still.  I knew the motion from when he'd fucked my mouth.
He was a split second away from coming!

I knew I was right when I felt Ted's cock jerking within my tight
pussy.  Suddenly I felt the come shoot from the end of his cock
and hit the inner walls of my cunt.

It was like being injected with hot lava! He was coming like a
race horse inside my cunt and I felt myself fill up with semen
and then I felt his come begin to overflow my pussy.

My own orgasm kicked again into high gear as I felt Ted's hot
come pour out of my cunt and over my asshole.

His increasing pumping motion was rekindling the fire of the
longest orgasm I'd ever felt, and I felt myself gushing come all
over his fucking pole.

I was in heaven once again!

Soon though, Ted's pumping began to slow and I could feel his
cock getting softer inside of me.  I wallowed in the warm feeling
of my orgasm and pulled him closer, until he was lying fully on
top of me, his face buried in my neck.

"That was wonderful, Ted..." I whispered in his ear.  "Your cock
feels so wonderful inside of me..."

Ted's only response was to groan low and long into my neck,
fucking his hips weakly into mine.  I smiled, thinking that I was
able to fuck him to near exhaustion on our first time!

I closed my eyes and sank into a semi-exhausted state myself,
feeling the marvelous sensation of Ted's dwindling prick inside
me, and turning my attention to the noises coming out of the
front seat.

Seemed like Jeannie and Al were engaged in a similar activity on
the other side of the cushion.  I couldn't see a thing, but it
sure sounded as if Jeannie was getting fucked by her first real
cock.

I drifted off with a picture of Al's hot prick sliding in and out
of Jeannie's pussy.  I wondered if she would let Al come inside
her or if she'd make him pull out.

I imagined myself with my head on Jeannie's belly as Al fucked
her cunt.  My fantasy showed Al pulling his spurting cock from
Jeannie's pussy and burying it in my mouth, flooding me with his
come.

I loved the sensation of a cock inside my pussy....Mmmmmm,yeah..I
really did!  But I think I realized at that point in my youth
that my favorite thing in the world was a hard cock spewing it's
wonderful load of semen into my mouth.

I realized at that point that I was a born cock-sucker.  I began
to feel a kind of pride at being a cum slut.  I was at a point
where I'd tried just about everything now...Sucking a hot cock
until it shot it's load was definately my favorite thing to do!

I guess it was the fact that I loved to watch a cock ejaculate.
It was such a turn on to see the thing pulsate and grow and then
shower it's wet load like a fountain.  And to feel that semen hit
my face or tits was second only to feeling my mouth fill with
cum.

I was a slut alright.  A Cum Slut and proud of it!  I couldn't
wait until Ted was hard again so he could fuck my mouth and fill
it up again.

I felt my pussy start to tingle and flow again as I put my
fantasy together with the sightless sounds I was experiencing
from the front seat.

I smiled when I remembered my previous thoughts about the video
camera.  I definately had a surprise for the guys on our next
outing.

I drifted into a sexually satisfied oblivion with a plan forming
in my brain...

                                   (continued in TRACY-11.WRD)


           If you're enjoying "The Early Adventures",
                         drop me a note at  Nix*Pix Denver
                                   ....Tracy


--
