                        Chapter Seven

     Junior Moreland, the Youth Pastor, was still sucking Christina
off once a week.  He was keeping his part of the bargain by pimping
for her, too, sending us some of his counselees.  They ranged in age
from eighteen to thirty-two. The older they were, the more fucked up
they were.  Almost every one of them, though, wanted simple stuff,
very few asking for anything perverted.  Like Junior himself, they
had built little acts ordinary people take for granted into
something big.  Junior, taking his referral to professionals
seriously, made the appointments for them and reviewed their silly
little cases for us over the phone.
     One young man -- I say young, but he was eight years older than
I was -- is a good example.  Delbert Atkins.  I had known his family
for many years.  We used to go on picnics with them before the
Atkins kids grew up and moved away.  Decent, upright citizens all.
     Anyway, Delbert had let this little fantasy about being a
girl's slave become an obsession he was sure he'd go to hell for.
So heinous was the ideation that he didn't dare ask his wife to role
play it with him.  Nothing unusual about that. Wives don't role play
anything.  That's why men need whores. So do some women.
     We took his innocent little fantasy and turned it into
something worth going to hell for.  It's easier to recover from
something obvious that has significant consequences than it is from
vague and secret thoughts that might be a sin but you're not sure.
     Delbert's little problem gave me an idea for how I could get in
on the action.  "I'll take this one myself," I told Darlene and
Christina.  "Take him into your room, Darlene, and just leave him
there."
     "Don't hurt him, Trinity.  Remember it isn't pain that's
important to these types.  In the mood you've been in since you saw
your Daddy fucking your sister, you'll kill him."

     Delbert showed up, on time of course.  Christina and I watched
Darlene through the mirror as she prepared him for me. "You the
little wimp needing a goddess?" she asked him.
     "Yes, ma'am."
     She gave him a contemptuous look.  "Strip, swine."
     She watched him take his clothes off, the effect on him
obviously what he wanted.  From the top drawer of her chest of
drawers, she removed a riding crop.  His eyes widened as she came
toward him.  She used the crop to knock his clothes off the bed to
the floor, then kicked them across the room.
     "Open your mouth, boy."
     He did.  She made him hold the crop in his mouth.  "Sit here
and wait.  The Goddess will be in when it pleases her.  And you'd
better have that crop still in your mouth when she comes in, too.
Understand, creep?"
     He nodded compliantly.  Darlene looked down at him in total
disgust.  She spit right in his face, then slowly turned and walked
out.  In a few seconds, she entered the mirror room where Christina
and I had been giggling at the performance.
     "Are you sure you want to do this?" she asked me.  "To someone
you know so well, I mean."
     "I had that figured out from the start.  Watch this."  I was
out of my clothes in an instant, enjoying their appreciative eyes on
my nakedness.  I opened a small suitcase and took out a bejewelled
red robe I had worn when I played Bathsheba in a church play.  It
reached only to my upper thighs and had made a lot of people in the
audience terribly nervous.  Delbert's old man, for example, couldn't
take his eyes off me, as I recalled.
     From the pocket, I removed a red mask and black velvet bikini
bottoms and put them on.  The mask covered only my eyebrows down to
just under my high cheek bones, but Delbert would never think to
recognize me.
     Darlene knelt in front of me and slipped a pair of red, open
high heels on my bare feet.  They were more like high-heeled
sandals with straps.  She looked up at me and said, "Goddess."
     "Later, slave.  I have a paying customer."  I tossed my blonde
tresses haughtily as Christina helped me on with my robe.
     "How do I look?"
     "He'll shoot all over Darlene's carpet when you walk in.
Goddess Trinity."
     I assumed the attitude and posture befitting my role as
imperial queen and goddess, and exited my exalted self from the
mirror room.
     When I made my entrance into Darlene's room, Delbert was
obviously gratified by what he saw.  He whined and almost lost the
crop he had obediently held in his mouth.  He slid slowly to the
floor, his legs bent backwards under him.
     I walked over in front of him and stood majestically above him.
"Put your hands behind you," I commanded without expression.  I took
a length of cord from my pocket and, bending over him, I tied his
wrists together securely.  When I stood erect, I saw that Delbert's
member was also standing erect, saluting me.
     I kicked his dick a little harder than I meant to, but it did
no real damage.  He doubled forward and lost the riding crop from
his mouth.  I let him bow before me and recover from the kick.  I
put my foot on the back of his head as he did obeisance to me.
     Tiring of this, I removed my foot and nudged his face with it,
raising him up with my beautifully shod foot, admiring my own
shapely leg and my pretty shoes as I did.  I snapped my fingers and
pointed to the riding crop.  He bowed down and retrieved it for me.
I took it out of his mouth and hit him carefully but solidly in the
face with it.  He winced in pain and bowed his head.
     "Pray to me."
     He began to pray.  Not bad for an impromptu prayer to a pagan
goddess from a Christian boy.  "Beautiful Blonde Goddess, I beseech
thee for thy bountiful discipline.  I pray that thou wilt teach me
how to worship thee and praise thee.  I beg thee my Goddess to
accept the loving worship of this unworthy worm of humanity.  In
thine own wonderful name I pray.  Amen."
     I loosened my robe and stood with my legs apart and my hands on
my hips with my robe open.  His eyes glazed as he beheld his
venerated pagan Blonde Goddess.  He was aswoon with lust as his eyes
roamed over my flat belly and my lovely stomach and my perfect
breasts.  I looked down on him with no expression, showing neither
pleasure nor disgust, taking his worship for granted.
     "You are unworthy, Delbert," I said in a normal voice. "You're
stupid, ugly, and short.  You unmanly, ridiculous little creep.  You
disgust me, you useless little shit.  You're not worth my time,
Delbert.  Open your mouth so I can spit."
     I made him wait with his mouth open until tears formed in his
eyes.  I worked up a mouthful of saliva and leaned over slightly and
pushed it slowly out of mouth with my tongue.  He received my
copious rope of spit gratefully and treasured it in his mouth before
swallowing it.  It gave me a viciously marvelous idea for an ending
when we got to that point.  My pussy blew the ending as you will
see.
     "You're disgusting to me.  You're disgusting to all beautiful
women.  We laugh at ugly little worms like you, Delbert.  You're
nothing to us.  We walk on you, we spit on you."  Here I spit in his
face.  "Pretty women are superior to you.  Call yourself names,
Delbert."
     "I'm an inferior little weakling.  I'm ugly, stupid,
disgusting, ridiculous, and worthless."
     "And short."
     "I'm short.  Pretty women make fun of me and take me for
granted.  Oh, Goddess, I love you."
     He meant it.  I was the woman he had dreamed of, strong,
superior, dominant, cruel, beautiful, and totally out of his reach.
     "You will pray to me every night."
     "Yes, Beautiful Goddess.  I love you my Goddess, my Blonde
Perfect Goddess."
     "You will bring me money.  I don't care what you have to do to
get it for me.  Just get it.  No beautiful woman would have anything
to do with you unless you paid her.  And you will pay, Delbert.
I'll make you pay me even if I just take your money and dismiss you
from my presence.  You belong to me."


     He loved it.  "Yes, Beautiful Blonde Goddess.  I belong to
you."
     "I will humiliate you in front of other women next time. You
will be our footstool, our rug, our toilet if we choose. And now,
Delbert, I will mark you with the mark of beautiful women as a
symbol of what you are to us."
     I slapped him across the face hard and he fell sideways to the
floor.  It had to have scrambled his brains a bit.  He shook his
head trying to restore his vision and knowledge of where he was and
what he was doing.  I pressed my foot firmly on his erect prick and
dug my heel into his testicles between his balls as he sought to get
his senses back.  He writhed beneath me, moaning in an ecstacy known
only to masochists.
     I pressed until his eyes once again filled with tears. Then I
giant stepped over him and placed my other foot on his face.
     "The mark of beautiful women," I announced, and I pressed my
heel into the soft place under his cheek bone.  I watched my
helpless victim take what I was doing to him.  I raised my foot to
check my work.  One side of his face was bright red from my slap,
his forehead bore the dirty smudge of my shoe, and my heel had left
a wound that would be there for several days.
     I stood astride his face letting him peer through tearful eyes
at the magnificence of my towering beauty, raising his futile hopes.
     "You will be here at this same time Friday, pissant."
     I left him there on the floor, his hands still tied behind him.
     My queenly dignity vanished as soon as I shut the door behind
me.  I dashed toward the mirror room and practically crashed through
the door.
     My performance had done Darlene and Christina the same way it
had done me.  Christina was fucking her kneeling mother in the mouth
hard, and Darlene was ramming herself with a dildo in a frenzy of
woman lust.
     There was no consideration in my loins for their needs. "Give
me that goddamned dildo, Darlene, or I'll kill you."  I literally
pushed her on her ass and jerked the dildo out of her in my frenzy.
She got up and took off running, stark naked, on her way to the
unsuspecting victim I had left on the other side of the mirror.
     Christina was as pussy greedy as Darlene and I were, and she
was not to be denied.  As I rammed the big dildo into my juicy cunt,
she grabbed me roughly by the face and mercilessly used me as
vigorously as I was using myself.  She could see what Darlene was
doing to poor Delbert.  I had to wait to see it on tape.
     Three women cum almost at the same time from three sources of
stimulation.  Christina cum in my mouth and almost broke my jaw.  I
cum all over the dildo and my hand.  Darlene and Delbert cum all
over each other.

     We played back the tape later that night and wished we had had
another camera in the mirror room pointed at Darlene and Christina
and then at Christina and me.  I was magnificent and turned myself
on all over again.
    We laughed ourselves silly at the end of the tape.  Delbert was
lying there with his hands tied behind him trying to masturbate
himself with his legs.  There was dead silence.  Then Darlene burst
through the door like a naked wild woman and scared the shit out of
him and us too.  She bounded across the room in three leaps and
jumped like a goosed cat into the air, landing on her feet in
perfect position and squatting onto that pole so fast it looked like
she landed on him from the air.  She fucked him harder than I have
ever seen anybody fuck an animate object. A wild woman she was, and
both of them were already so overheated they exploded together in a
cum festival that had everything but rockets going off and a brass
band playing a triple-time march.
     We laughed until we cried, falling all over each other's naked
bodies on Christina's bed and ending up in a daisy chain that
must've looked like a giant, obscene alien organism with its face
stuck in its own cunt squirming to get out.  How about a ring of
melting white fudge given arms and legs and brought to life by a
weird magician?  Would you believe a Siamese triplets roll?

     Delbert was back Friday as I had ordered.  He was getting over
a black eye I hadn't realized I had given him when I hit him.
     In prayer to me, he confessed stealing money from the
collection plates after the Wednesday night services at Calvary
Tabernacle.  I took the money coldly.
     "Very good, Delbert.  I am pleased with you.  Steal some more
to give to me.  See if you can figure out a way to steal from the
special fund for the poor.  You may suck my toes as your reward."  I
sat in an armchair with my legs crossed and let him grovel on the
floor with half my foot in his mouth.
     Christina joined us this time to intensify his humiliation.  A
pretty girl watching him being unmanly.  Not that she needed to hide
her identity, but she wore a black cat mask and a black bikini.
Bare feet.  She did not participate except to show her disdain for
his type.  I offered him to her for a foot stool, and she rejected
him.  "Yech," she said, jabbing two fingers at her mouth in the
well-known gesture of gagging at the thought of having anything to
do with him.  He got a hard-on.  She smoked a cigarette and watched.
     I did the ending I had wanted to do the first time before I was
so rudely interrupted by my need to cum.  It was the idea I had
gotten while spitting in his mouth.  I sat on his face backwards and
pinched his titties while he sucked ass. Then I made him put his
legs up and held his ankles in my armpits and masturbated him as I
bounced lightly on his face.
     I timed it perfectly.  When he stiffened to cum, I slid
backwards off his face and aimed his steaming prick carefully.
     "Open your mouth wide, cumsucker," I ordered, and he took his
stream of spurting cum right in the mouth.
     "Bulls eye!" the ingenious Christina laughed.
     He cum in his own mouth, he cum in his own face, he shot a load
across his stomach when I jerked his dick at the wrong time, and he
drank his own dick cum.
     "Does it taste good, wimp?" the cruel Christina taunted. "You
ought to make that your prayer position, you nerd wimp of a pussy
fart."
     When his well finally ran dry, Christina and I dragged him off
the bed and across the room and all the way into the bathtub.  We
considered pissing on him, but once a man cums, he's done.  Why
waste a good idea?  Besides, we knew he'd think about it and jack
off and probably beg us for it next time.  We just turned the shower
on him and left him there, laughing and joking about him as we went
out.

     The next time he came, I took his money and sent him away.
"You're a nice little diversion, boy," I told him, "but I'm tired of
you.  Don't come back anymore.  Just bring some money around, and
one of us might let you look up our dress or something.  Go away."
I shut the door in his face.
     Can you believe it?  The poor little masochistic slob actually
did bring money to us for nothing!  One of us would open the front
door to the annex, take his money, and shut the door like he wasn't
even there.  Sometimes Darlene felt sorry for him and brought him in
and let him look up her dress.  Christina spit in his face a few
times.  I let him come in and pray to me.  Every now and then, we'd
bring him in and punch him in the stomach or slap him and make him
cry for us.
     But mostly we just took his money and gave him nothing.
     Then he stopped coming.  He was arrested for stealing money out
of women's purses at church.  You want to hear something ironic?  He
stole money out of my purse once when I left it in the choir room.
And I sang a solo that day, too.  He showed up at the annex the
following afternoon.  That was one of the days I brought him and
punched him.
     "What goes around comes around," Christina laughed.
     When he got out of jail, he came before the church and asked
forgiveness for stealing from us.  We forgave him.
     Then he came to the annex and begged me in prayer for
forgiveness.  I punished him for failing me and ordered him to keep
stealing money to give me.
     Power.  I loved it.
     And sometimes I loved submission to Christina just as much,
albeit she followed my lead except when we played that particular
scene with Delbert.  Christina was a fantastic actress.

     I was getting pretty good at it, too:  I was still fucking
Daddy regularly and enjoying it.  Still sucked him off on the couch.
Still sat on his face.  All the while building the edifice of slime
that would suck his church and school and his whole ministry
irretrievably down into a dank, dark, squalid dungeon of sticky
filth.  If God didn't destroy the Jonathan Barrett Ministries when I
was done cumming and shitting all over it, he would owe Sodom and
Gomorrah an apology.
     I was getting good at it, but I could not switch myself off
like Christina could.  Always when I fucked Daddy, I had a twinge of
conscience to deal with.  I often pretended to myself I was
Christina when he fucked me.  That helped, but I could not seem to
fall out of love with my Daddy.

--end Chapter 7--
