Archive-name: Family/triple.txt
Archive-author: Anonymous
Archive-title: Triple Sec


This is my first contribution to the digest.  I want to share with 
all of you a unique situation that I am in.  I am a 30 year old male 
living with 2 women, Margie and Sheena.  Margie is 50 years of age 
and Sheena is 30.  Margie is Sheena's mother.

They are sitting beside me, all of us almost naked, as I type this 
story.  They are helping me relate our story.  We just spent last 2 
hours indulging in the wildest fucking sessions imaginable.

I met Sheena in the 10th grade and we went steady for 2 years.  
During the last 3 years of high school, Sheena and I became the best 
of friends.  We were inseparable.  Sheena's parents were divorced and 
she lived with her mother, Margie.  Margie took a great liking to me 
and I spent most of time in their company.  I used to spend most of 
my time after school in their house and spent my entire summers with 
them.  Sheena and I fucked for the first time in the 12th grade, and 
this continued throughout that year.  Margie trusted us completely 
and knew that we were fucking regularly.  She often advised us about 
contraceptives and the need for taking great care in these matters.  
Many times I spent the night in their house and Sheena and I fucked 
on most of these occasions with full knowledge of her mother.

After high school we went to different universities and I didn't see 
Sheena until I finished grad school at the age of 24.  I kept in 
touch with both of them by phone but didn't get a chance to meet them 
during my college days.  After grad school both Sheena and I moved 
back to our home city and found jobs.  We didn't pick up our 
relationship where we left off.  Six to seven years of separation, 
meeting other people and being in different environments changed us.  
Neither  she nor I expected to jump in the sack.  I visited Margie 
and Sheena often, took Sheena out a few times, but the relationship 
seemed to be platonic.  I thought about sex with her a few times, as 
did Sheena, and we even discussed it.  But it never went beyond that. 
About six months after I moved back, Margie sold her house and bought 
another house on a lake front, about 80 miles from the city.  Shortly 
afterwards both Sheena and I visited Margie to spend a July 4th 
weekend.  We arrived about 6 pm, had dinner and talked late into the 
night.  Soon afterwards, Margie and Sheena went upstairs to bed and I 
stayed back in the living room to watch TV.  I fell asleep on the 
couch and woke up around 2:30 and decided to go to bed upstairs.

On my way to the bedroom, I saw the light on in Margie's bedroom and 
the door slightly ajar.  As I was passing by, I saw something that I 
wouldn't have imagined in my wildest dreams.  I stood frozen there, 
for what seemed hours.  In the bedroom, there were 2 women engaged in 
the most lewd fucking scene I ever saw.  There was Sheena and Margie 
in a 69 position.  Sheena was on top with her tongue lashing away at 
Margie's cunt.  Margie was tongue fucking Sheena from the back and 
drilling her asshole with her fingers.  I couldn't believe it.  I 
couldn't move.  My eyes were glued to the scene inside.  They went 
through all sorts of positions.  Sheena was sitting on Margie's face 
and saying things like "Mommy, fuck me harder. Fuck my ass, Mommy.  
Fuck me like daddy." I was shocked and turned on.  Even in the porno 
magazines that I've read, I never heard about a mother and daughter 
being sexually intimate.  Afraid of being discovered, I slowly walked 
to the adjoining bedroom.  There I lay in bed trying to make sense of 
what I saw.  Every few minutes, I'd stick my ear to the wall and 
listen to the sounds of their fucking.  I had a huge hard-on.  At the 
same time, I couldn't figure out how this situation came to be.  I 
kept wondering how long this was going on.  Whether, Sheena was 
totally turned off toward men, how her mother views her 
daughter/lover and why Margie got divorced.  From what Sheena was 
saying I imagined that her father may have been involved also.

I fell asleep at sunrise and woke up around noon.  I was scared to 
death at the prospect of seeing them.  How would I hide my discovery 
?  I stayed in bed until 2pm, when Margie walked into by bedroom and 
pulled of my bedsheet. Lunch was ready and they were waiting for me.  
I tried be very "cool" during lunch.  I was talking about all sorts 
of nonsense issues.  Sheena noticed my state of nervousness and asked 
why I was rambling.  This made me more nervous and when I glanced at 
Margie, she had the "I know you know" look.

After lunch I decided to do the dishes and Margie was standing beside 
me, drying them.  At one point, she put her arm around my waist, drew 
me close to her and told be how happy she was to see me and glad that 
Sheena and I were still close friends.  She said that such 
friendships are rare and that she felt very secure and loved when she 
was with us.  I, on the other hand, was wound up like a spring. I 
couldn't forget the scenes from the previous night nor could I bring 
myself to tell them what I knew.  I wanted to be in on their secret 
and let them know it.  I wanted desperately to bring this out into 
the open.  At the same time, I got incredibly turned on every time I 
visualized them in bed.

The rest of the afternoon passed without incident.  We played 
backgammon, went out to watch the fireworks and returned around 10pm.  
Margie and Sheena went to bed around 11pm.  I stayed downstairs in 
the living room, feeling left out, confused, depressed and horny.  I 
just sat there for hours.  Around 2 am, I heard one of the bedroom 
doors open and saw Margie come downstairs.  I pretended to be asleep.  
A few moments later, when I opened my eyes, I saw Margie standing 
over me, just watching.  She was wearing a very thin nightgown and I 
could see her pubic hair and nipples.  I didn't realize that the 
hard-on that I had was plainly visible through my pajamas, as my cock 
was hanging out of my underwear.  Margie was apparently staring at 
it.  I fumbled, trying to adjust my position.  Margie sat down beside 
me on the couch.  She sensed my mood and asked if there was anything 
wrong.  I didn't reply.  I just wanted to blurt out what I saw on the 
previous night.  She, in a very calm voice, said "I guess you know 
about Sheena and me".  Well, that broke the ice.  I told her that I 
had seen them last night and felt very confused.  I didn't understand 
it and yet I wanted to be part of it.  She  put her arm around me and 
gently held me close to her.  We stayed in that position for a while, 
until I began to ask her the history of their relationship.

She told me that she had been married twice.  Sheena was the product 
of the first marriage.  Her first husband died when Sheena was 7.  
She said that their love was for each other was total.  Both believed 
that that one cannot separate physical love and emotional love.  They 
never once had a fight.  If they had a disagreement, they would fuck 
their brains out first and then easily resolve their differences.  
Even if one of them was not in the mood, they would go through porno 
magazines, work themselves up to a frenzy of lust and then ball.  Its 
hard to be angry with someone you just made love to.  This was how 
close she and her first husband were.  After his death, Sheena (age 
7) started to sleep with her.  Often, when Sheena was depressed, 
Margie would cuddle her and on some of these occasions, almost 
naturally, Margie would let Sheena suck her breasts.  This practice 
has continued since then.  Both mother and daughter developed this 
intense loving relationship.  Margie didn't feel that anything was 
wrong by doing this, especially since, Sheena seemed well adjusted 
with her peers.  It is for this reason that Margie encouraged Sheena 
to go out with boys and when I came up on the scene, she felt that 
much more assured about their relationship.  Margie's second marriage 
ended in divorce within a year.  The reason for this was that her 
second husband felt left out.  He never came to know about them, but 
felt jealous of Sheena.  Margie also felt that Sheena was all that 
she needed.

The first time they had "sex" (other than sucking tits) was on the 
night before Sheena left for college.  Margie got uncontrollably 
turned on by Sheena sucking her tits and without a thought started to 
finger herself.  Sheena took over and both of them made love for 
hours.  That was the first homosexual experience for both of them.  
Neither felt bad about it.  They felt it to be a perfectly natural 
way of expressing their love for each other.  Their love making 
continued whenever Sheena came home or whenever they could get 
together.  Sheena had one male lover in college, but that didn't last 
very long.

After she finished telling me their story, there was dead silence in 
the room.  I, to my own surprise, understood.  I even felt slightly 
guilty for wanting to be part of it.  I extended my arms and hugged 
her.  We stayed in that position, neither of us wanting to let go.  I 
loved her and wanted to make love to her.  I still feel the intensity 
of our emotions on that evening.  My cock was rock hard and peeking 
out of my underwear.  I was no longer embarrassed.  I just let it be.  
As she felt my hardness and looked up at me, I could see tears in her 
eyes.  Very gently, she grabbed my cock and caressed it.  I kissed 
her deeply. I can never forget that kiss.  Soon, we were kissing like 
mad dogs. She slid down my body, pulled my cock out and just 
swallowed it.  She stared to suck my cock furiously.  Her head was a 
like a piston.  She just wanted my cum all over her.  In her mouth, 
on her face, everywhere.  She pumped and pumped my cock with her 
mouth until I dropped a gallon of cum into her mouth and on her face.  
She licked every drop of it and buried her face in my crouch.  
Through the opening in my pajamas, she sucked my balls and started 
flicking her tongue at my asshole.  A short while later, with my cock 
almost hard again, I pulled her up, told her I loved her and would 
never leave her.  I would be part and parcel of her life.  I would 
eat her shit and drink her piss if she asked me to.  I have never in 
my life been taken away like that by another human being.  I wasn't 
just the physical part.  I felt completely lost in her.

We took our clothes off and fucked our brains out on the floor.  We 
did everything that night.  I fucked her in her cunt.  I fucked her 
in her ass (my first time).  I fucked her in her mouth.  She had 
three of her fingers in my ass.  I sat on her face and she tongue 
fucked my asshole.  I ate her.  I stuck my tongue up her asshole and 
buried my face there.  Every position imaginable was tried.  Margie 
especially loves getting fucked in the ass while she fingers herself.  
It is really remarkable.  She has a small frame with a small, round 
and hard ass.  When I fuck her there, she likes me to ram it in and 
pump her fast.  She feels absolutely no pain.  It was 6:30 in the 
morning before we fell asleep.

When I woke up around 11:30, I noticed that both of us were covered 
with a blanket.  I got up, put my clothes on and went into the 
kitchen.  There was Sheena, drinking a cup of coffee.  No words were 
exchanged.  She held out her hand, I took it and sat down beside her.  
We just sat there for an hour.  Not a word was said.  Soon 
afterwards, Margie joined us.  We made breakfast, ate, bathed and sat 
in the living room.  All during this time, no more than ten words 
were exchanged.  There was incredible sense of peace and oneness 
among us.  I was no longer nervous.  I didn't think about what I saw 
the first night nor what happened on the previous night.  After a 
long period of just sitting in the living room, Margie said that she 
wanted to go back to bed.  She came up to me, kissed me.  She then 
kissed Sheena and went upstairs.  Almost without thinking, Sheena and 
I got up and followed her.

All of us slept until 5 that evening.  When we woke up, we just lay 
there caressing each other.  Sheena's body seemed pleasantly 
familiar.  Margie asked us to stay in bed and that she would bring up 
some food.  Sheena and I continued to fondle, kiss and cuddle.  I 
slowly fingered her and started to bite her nipples.  Sheena has a 
much bigger frame than Margie.  Her breasts are size 38 with giant 
size nipples, which she likes to be pinched.  She has a large ass and 
cunt.  Her pubic hair extends from almost half the way up to her 
navel.  While we were in the midst of foreplay, Margie brought us 
some lunch.  She put the tray aside and sat on the bed caressing both 
of us.  She said that she didn't want to join in, but would like us 
to continue while she watched and helped.  She started to tell me all 
the things that Sheena likes.  She was instructing me, step by step, 
in how to fuck Sheena.

Margie first made us get out of bed.  She then sat up against the 
headboard and asked Sheena to lie down, face up, with Sheena's head 
in her lap.  Margie grabbed Sheena's legs and pulled them back 
towards her.  This way Sheena's cunt and asshole were completely 
exposed.  She then asked me to tongue fuck Sheena and ram my finger 
up her ass.  I dove in.  My head was buried in her dripping cunt.  I 
was tongue fucking her furiously.  Margie asked me ram my finger up 
Sheena's ass.  I tried to push it in gently.  She kept saying "Ram it 
in. Just ram it in.  Shove your fingers in and out.  She loves it".  
This may sound impossible, but the fury with which I finger fucked 
Sheena's ass resulted in all 5 fingers and most of my hand in her 
ass.  Sheena poured out her juice.  I drank all her spunk.  As Sheena 
came, Margie held her close and kissed her.  When I slowly pulled out 
my hand, she moaned in exhaustion.

Margie didn't want to stop there.  She turned Sheena over, spread her 
own legs like a wish bone and let Sheena eat her.  She instructed me 
to now really fuck Sheena, doggy style.  I didn't last very long.  A 
few good thrusts and I poured my load into Sheena's gaping hole.  I 
pulled out my cock and gently lubricated her asshole.

We lay together in bed for a long time.  We ate, bathed and fucked in 
every conceivable place in the house.  Both of them love getting 
fucked in the ass.  I must have done it five or six times that day.  
When I could no longer get it up, we used other things.  A really 
nice device is a cold cucumber.  Once in the living room, Margie was 
laying face down across a love seat sucking my cock while Sheena was 
fucking her in the ass with a cucumber in her mouth.

At the end of that day, we all knew that we would never separate.  
Sheena and I went back to the city the next day and spent all our 
weekends with Margie.  All of us are completely fulfilled.  Although 
each of us has other friends, we don't have any need for love or sex 
outside.  Although, Sheena and Margie are, by definition, bisexuals, 
they are not attracted to any other women or men.  I believe that I 
am strictly a heterosexual.  Although, in every fucking session, I 
fuck both of them in their ass at least once and they tongue fuck my 
ass, I have no desire to try this with another man or another woman.

We stayed in that part of the country for about year afterwards.  
Sheena got a lucrative job in the other end of the country and moved 
out there.  Margie sold her house and I resigned from my job and both 
of us moved out to live with Sheena.  We now live together in a large 
house and just love each other.  We now try every thing that three 
people can possibly do.  We try bondage sometimes.  I've raped both 
of them.  I sometimes play the role of a woman, where they rape me by 
butt fucking me with a dildo.  We can't have enough of each other.  
When we come home from work, we relax in bed.  We fuck on almost 
every evening.

Our relationship has flowered to a point where we don't consider 
ourselves as three separate individuals, but rather one soul 
accidentally divided up into three bodies.  I think when one of us 
dies, the other two will die shortly afterwards.

By the way, to keep up appearances, Sheena and I got officially 
"married".  Margie, my mother-in law, joined us on our honeymoon.

As I stated at the beginning of this story, all three of us typed 
this.  The typing was interrupted several times, as we indulged in a 
couple of bouts.  Right now, my Margie is tongue fucking Sheena and 
wants my cock.

--
