Oh Dear, I'm afraid we made a bit of a mess of her. While I was away, 
poor little Sarah had some serious attention from my red-headed slave. 
After beating her around for a short while to knock the fight out of 
her, my jealous lover indulged herself quite freely with her rival's 
body.

When I returned and found poor Sarah impaled arse and mouth being 
roasted over the fire, I decided that my lover had probably gone a bit 
too far with her revenge. After all, I wanted her to have a toy, not a 
main course. Sarah, who was utterly terrified, kept trying to plead with 
me as the spit rotated over the fire. Her dress was black, charred and 
her stockings had partially melted. I gave the redhead a look that 
conveyed my displeasure. She gulped as she realised that the blonde 
wasn't the only one who was for a rough evening.

I hoisted Sarah's slim form down from the roasting spit and carried her 
prone and unresisting body into the bathroom. I tied her hands above her 
head to the shower nozzle and turned the cold tap full on. Cold water on 
the burns might be unpleasant but it was the best way of making sure she 
didn't need a trip to the hospital. I had other plans for her this 
evening. 

Sarah's body was wracked with huge, shivering sobs as the water surged 
over her singed flesh. She wasn't sure whether to be relieved that she 
wasn't going to be roasted and eaten or frightened that I saved her for 
some other terrible fate. Initially, the water was soothing on her 
burned skin, but soon she was shivering terribly. A slim woman's ribs 
make an excellent heat exchanger and turned blue with cold. Her teeth 
chattered as she pleaded with me to turn the water off. She really 
needed a bit longer under the shower, so I cut the remains of her soggy, 
ruined clothes off her with a pair of bathroom scissors. She stood as 
still as she could, hoping that I wouldn't stab her. I managed to avoid 
all but the lightest of nicks in her skin except where the stockings 
melted, where I had to tear off a few square inches of skin. The redhead 
watched from the door, biting her lip anxiously in case she were to be 
noticed.

I turned the shower off. "Sarah." I addressed her for the first time 
since coming home. "I know your deepest desires, perhaps even better 
than you know them yourself. I sense your needs, your burning passion. I 
am going to offer you a single chance. Do you wish to enter this 
household as a permanent slave?"

I did not offer an alternative to the bedraggled blonde girl hanging 
from the shower fixture. Somehow, she knew that the alternative was to 
go back on the spit or be left to the tender mercies of the redhead 
bitch. What choice was there? 

"Yes."

"Yes?"

"Yes!"

"'Yes, my lord', you little bitch, and don't you forget it! That is your 
first demerit. I am sure it will not be your last. Usually, demerits are 
dealt with each evening before we retire. A single demerit is worth ten 
minutes of continuous punishment. Any demerits I do not choose to 
enforce on a given day will be carried over the weekend, when you 
receive your Sunday morning fucking. Do you understand that?"

"Yes. My master!"

"Two demerits, little bitch. You will address me as 'My lord'. That's 
already twenty minutes down in the cellar for you this evening. Let me 
explain your station somewhat further." 

At this point, I unclipped Sarah from the shower and led her by the hand 
into the bedroom. The redhead scrambled to get out of the way and lurked 
next to the bedroom door. I left the door open so she could get a good 
view. 

"You are the lowest slave in the house. You will obey any order of mine 
without hesitation or you will acquire demerits. You will follow Laurielle's 
orders when I am not present or she will give you demerits. When I 
am here I expect you to act for my sexual pleasure. It will probably 
take you some time to get to know my preferences, but after a while you 
will. The demerits you get on the way will only serve to encourage the 
learning process, I'm sure. When I am not here, you will perform such 
menial tasks as are required of you and perform for Laurielle's sexual 
pleasure. Your own sexual pleasure is not a concern and will be gleaned 
only as we permit."

I towelled her down with a rough, stiff towel. The rubbing caused the 
very thin flakes of singed skin to fall off on the carpet, revealing the 
pink new flesh underneath. With gentle pressure on her shoulder I forced 
her to her knees before me. From the wardrobe I fetched a thick steel 
collar which I fastened about her neck with an allen key and a very 
heavy padlock. I wanted to make sure she was really serious about giving 
herself up the me, so a permanent collar had to wait until later. 
However, let there be no mis-apprehensions about this collar. It is not 
just a symbol of her bondage and an easy way to drag her around. No, it 
is a sophisticated piece of electronic design, something of which I am 
quite proud. 

I held the collar control box in my hand. "Sarah, this collar is the 
instrument of your servitude. If I do this " (a button pressed down, the 
blonde girl collapsed to the floor) "all your voluntary muscles are 
paralysed, leaving you utterly helpless. The nerves are still 
functioning, however, as Laurielle will now demonstrate." 

I gestured for the red-headed girl to come into the room. She crawled on 
her hand and knees to the crumpled form of Sarah. Gently, she rolled 
Sarah over slightly and parted her legs. Slipping one elegant hand under 
the stricken woman's buttocks, Laurielle lifted the crotch of the new 
arrival to her lips and planted a gentle kiss on the blonde's pussy. Her 
tongue flicked out, teasing, lascivious, licking and leaving a 
glittering wet trail around the helpless woman's labia. With harder and 
harder strokes, Laurielle's tongue worked itself between the pouting lips 
of Sarah's pussy and started to lick up and down, up and down, pushing 
into Sarah's wet velvet cunt, flicking over the bud of her throbbing 
clitoris. The paralysed blonde's breathing became heavier and heavier as 
her rival licked and squirmed her tongue inside her most private places. 

I pulled a protesting Laurielle away from Sarah's pussy and knelt next to 
her head. I turned her to face me. 

"I will not make you come while paralysed yet, my dear. It is quite a 
disturbing experience and I do not think you are quite ready for that. 
But I think you have some idea of what happens when the collar is 
activated, do you not? I think so. Be aware then that the collar 
activates itself automatically if you step outside the grounds of this 
house. If you harbour any thoughts of running away, remember that your 
collar will paralyse your naked body as soon as you step too far from my 
domain. You will collapse like a rag doll, helpless on the pavement for 
anyone to treat as they see fit. Only I have the portable unit which 
will allow you to leave here: even Laurielle does not have one of those. 
After all, if she has one she might try to escape!" The redhead 
unconsciously reached to her own and touched the cold steel at her 
throat.

I restored Sarah's body to mobility and caught her wrists as she struck 
out at Laurielle. Laurielle danced out of her reach with a catty hiss. I 
made mental note that she now had two demerits to be worked off this 
evening as well, and that perhaps she should spend a few hours helpless 
to remind her not to get too far above herself.

I wrestled briefly with Sarah, enjoying the feel of her smooth skin 
against mine, the swell of her buttocks as she fights me, her legs 
kicking. I forced her hands behind her back and snapped cold handcuffs 
around her wrists. I dragged her to her feet and motioned Laurielle to 
bring me a pair of black leather cuffs which I fastened around her slim 
ankles. A six inch chain between them made sure she wouldn't be running 
anywhere for a while.

"Sarah, this evening we are going to out on the town, but for now you 
are probably in need of some refreshment. Let us repair to the kitchen 
where you can savour your first meal in my service." 

I attached a leash to her collar led the subdued blonde into the kitchen 
for her feast. Laurielle followed us in and stood whispering in the other 
girl's ear as I prepared her meal. She watched uncomprehendingly as I 
filled a large inverted jar, like a water cooler, with a mixture of 
milk, thickening, vitamin extracts and protein supplements. The 
resulting glutinous goo is like very smooth porridge. It is very 
nutritious and contains all the elements needed to keep a girl in the 
best of health. It also tastes quite filthy and bears a striking 
resemblance to semen, possibly semen that has been bottled and left to 
"ferment" for a day or two. Even the smell is quite disgusting. I 
motioned Sarah forwards but she shook her head.

"Three demerits."

She stepped forward and waited, assuming that she was to spoon fed or 
something. I put my hand in the small of her back and shoved her over to 
the wooden cabinet next to the food jar. This cabinet, she could now 
see, is like a kitchen unit with the top removed. Mounted at its base is 
a large rubber penis with a generous hole in the end. Connected to this 
hole is a plastic hose pipe from the food jar.  

"No! Please! I can't! That stuff: I'll puke! I'll never manage to..."

I shoved her forcefully to the edge of the cabinet. The food cock is 
mounted a long way down, and I had to upend her over the padded edge so 
that she could get her lips around the cock head. Her bare feet did not 
quite touch the floor on the outside and for a moment it looked as 
though she was going to  topple into the cabinet, but she squirmed just 
enough to balance herself precariously on the edge. The split peach of 
her bottom was beautifully displayed as she wriggled herself over the 
feeder cock. 

"Suck!" I commanded.

She fixed her lips around the cock and nearly choked as a rush of foul, 
salty glop floods her mouth. She pulled away from the cock and a spray 
of goo splattered her face and her hair. I reached down and forced her 
mouth back over the cock as the siphoning action from the jar forced the 
foul concoction down her throat. I was careful to make sure I let her 
breathe every so often, squeezing to halt the flow through the feeder 
tube until she regained her breath, then forcing her down onto the 
rubber cock once more. Laurielle was giggling in the corner: she was 
occasionally allowed to eat with a knife and fork now. Today was not 
going to be one of those days. As Sarah choked down the foul brew I ran 
my fingers along the cleft of her buttocks, feeling the wetness coating 
her pussy lips. She nearly choked on the relentless glop as I inserted a 
finger into her tight little arsehole. She pulled her head off the cock 
to protest and I hit her very hard, leaving scarlet hand prints on each 
buttock, until she resumed her meal. 

The last dregs of liquid dribbled into her and I found myself unable to 
resist the picture of her wobbling bum flesh, her dangling legs, the 
soles of her soft bare feet lightly sheened with her sweat. I moved 
behind her and drew her legs slightly further apart. I inserted my cock 
into her lubricated warmth and fucked her strongly, vigorously, as she 
struggled to keep her balance. The thrusts of my hips as I drove my cock 
into her almost caused her to overbalance, forcing the feeder cock 
painfully far down her throat. I hauled her back up slightly and she bit 
hard onto the rubber cock to stop herself getting pushed any further 
into the cabinet.

Laurielle looked flushed as she watched me groan and squirt deep within 
the pretty blonde's body. Despite all her training, her fingers started 
to stray towards her pussy. I knew instinctively that she was doing it 
and she withdrew them guiltily as I turned to look at her. "Laurielle, 
Sarah is not yet very experienced at using the slave feeder and has 
created a mess. Come here and clean it up." The dismayed look on her 
face was a picture as I dragged her reluctant form over the cabinet. 
"Sarah, grab her other ankle." Between the (smiling) blonde and myself, 
we up-ended a protesting Laurielle over the Cabinet. We held her by her 
ankles until she had licked up every last drop of spilt goo from the 
feeder cabinet. 

When she had finished the revolting task, we hauled her out again. Her 
face was bright red and she wobbles as the blood rushes back to her 
feet. I kicked her legs out from under her and stood over her as she hit 
the floor. 

"You forget yourself, Laurielle. You now also have three demerits for 
this evening."

"Three! What the hell did I do to get three?"

"Four."

Her jaw snapped shut audibly. She knew I would not be easy on her, down 
in the cellar tonight.

"Now that you have eaten, you should relieve yourself. You will need 
help. Laurielle, provide that help." She led the blonde off to the 
lavatory. I watched carefully to make sure she didn't harm the new 
arrival too much. As her ankles and wrists were chained, Sarah found it 
very awkward to sit comfortably on the toilet. Her arms were behind her 
back and she had to press them into the cold porcelain of the cistern in 
order to accommodate herself on the seat. She didn't really want to go 
that badly and she had never had to piss while two people watch her 
before. She knew that another demerit would be forthcoming if she 
disobeyed. But still she could not do it. Sobbing, she pleaded with us 
that she didn't want to go, she couldn't go. Laurielle grabbed hold of 
her waist and pressed her fingernails deep into the soft flesh of the 
other girl's abdomen. She probed and felt around the crying blonde's 
belly until she found the correct spot for exerting pressure on the 
bladder. Then she dug her rigid pointed fingers into the other girl's 
stomach. Sarah was crying and howling like a baby as she was forced to 
piss by the unyielding pressure the redhead put on her bladder. When the 
trickle of urine stopped, Laurielle removed her hand. Small crescents of 
skin came away under her nails where she dug them into Sarah's flesh. 

"Sarah, ask Laurielle nicely to wipe you clean."

She was so wracked by sobs that she could not obey for several minutes. 
I am occasionally tolerant of such failures, especially when the 
degradation is a new one, so I waited until she was able to speak. I 
hauled her off the lavatory and threw her down on the carpet on all 
fours, forcing her neck down to the floor with my foot. I dragged Laurielle 
by the hair to the other girl's up-raised bum. There were tears of 
humiliation and helplessness in the eyes of both my slaves as I forced 
Laurielle to lick Sarah clean then wipe her with a tissue held between 
her teeth.

The time had come for me to take Sarah out on the town. In fact, it was 
to be a shopping trip, because I probably didn't have enough apparatus 
for the new slave and I wasn't sure how much of Laurielle's equipment 
would fit the smaller blonde. I marched Sarah back into the bedroom and 
told her to select some things to wear. As her hands were bound behind 
her, she had no way of retrieving things from the rack of clothes other 
than using her teeth to grab hold of the coat hanger. She selected a 
sluttish scarlet dress, slit up the sides and held together by laces. An 
acceptable choice, I suppose. She obviously had no shame and wanted to 
prostitute herself in front of the nightlife of Geneva. I helped her 
into the dress, undoing her bonds only long enough to get the dress on. 
I tied the strings at the side quite tight in order to make her flesh 
bulge out of the dress. Fortunately it was about the right size (it was 
quite a bit too small for Laurielle, which was why she only wore it on 
her slut days). 

Then my little slave made her first really big mistake. She asked me if 
she could have a really high heeled pair of shoes.

"You now have four demerits. You will never wear shoes unless I select 
them, and then they will be as a punishment for your feet. This is a 
very serious mistake and you will be severely tortured tonight to ensure 
you never make it again."

"But, but! She said, she said you liked high heels! She said it would 
get me off demerits..."

I turned to look at Laurielle, who didn't even have the grace to look 
guilty. She was smirking like the Cheshire cat at having got her rival 
into trouble. 

"You now have five demerits, Laurielle, and you will share the same 
torture as Sarah."

The smile disappeared from her face pretty swiftly as I walked over to 
her. For the second time that evening I kicked her feet out from under 
her and wrestled her to the floor. I slapped her hard across the face, 
then forced her face to the carpet as I tied her hand behind her back 
with a leather thong that I always carry for such a purpose. I dragged 
her over to the bed and tied her so her head was down in the dust under 
the bed. There is an eye hook screwed in just the right position in the 
footboard to tie a girl's collar to. I retrieved a cane from bedroom 
cabinet and swished it about as I ordered Sarah to kneel and hold Laurielle's
feet in her lap. I made sure she was gripping the ankles tightly 
because Laurielle was bound to kick. Swish! Crack! The cane left a red 
mark across the soles of Laurielle's bare feet. Swoosh! Crack! Swish! 
Crack! Thirty strokes later and Laurielle was crying and howling, biting 
the carpet in agony. There were dribbles of blood on the soft soles of 
her feet where the cane marks crossed. I fitted her with a pair of 
punishment shoes, 8-inch heels. The shoes were size four, and Laurielle 
takes size seven, so they were a dreadfully tight squeeze. They were not 
helped by the addition of the itching powder which burns terribly when 
applied to broken skin. Laurielle's skin was pretty broken. The addition of 
the spikes screwed about half an inch into her flesh was as much to make 
sure the shoes stayed on as to cause pain, although they certainly did 
that. 

I grabbed her by the knees are yanked, causing her to thump over onto 
her side. Another yank as she was lying on her back. Her makeup was 
smudged and her lipstick smeared all over the carpet. I fixed her ankles 
to a spreader bar which I attached to the pulley on the ceiling above 
the bed. I hoisted her until her buttocks just left the floor. 

"Laurielle, you have behaved very badly this evening. When I get back 
from my little expedition with Sarah, you will pay the full price for 
your deeds. Until that time, you will endure some preparatory 
disciplines."

I fetched another bell jar from the kitchen and filled it with a mixture 
of scalding hot water and salt. Another tube, another rubber cock. I 
circled the cock around Laurielle's exposed pussy, teasing her clit, then 
down to probe at the puckered ring of her anus. With no warning, I 
shoved the cock past her rectum. Giving her no time to expand or adapt, 
I drove the penetrating dong deep into her rectum, impaling her. Then I 
opened the valve and watched her squirm as nearly a gallon of very hot 
salty water poured into her bowels. While she was filling up I took a 
whip to her pussy and lashed her with all my strength until her labia 
were swollen and angry red and the welts disfiguring her inner thighs 
started to turn blue-black with blood escaping from the burst blood 
vessels under her skin. I sealed off the valve so she would have to hold 
the massive enema for the several hours we would be gone. I grabbed 
Sarah by the scruff of the neck and dragged her out to the car, slamming 
the door on Laurielle's screams for clemency as the first twinges of 
cramp started to twist her gut muscles. I picked up Sarah's purse as we 
went out.

Sarah was introduced to the slut cage in the back of my car. This is a 
small cage made of metal with hundreds of small wooden protuberances 
radiating into its small volume. It is so small that a girl can only 
kneel or try to curl up inside it, but this will ensure that the rounded 
wooden spikes get driven painfully into her (although never deeply 
enough to break the skin). Of course, going around corner or hitting a 
bump have unfortunate effects on the inhabitant. In order to prevent the 
police from stopping me, I gagged Sarah with a ball gag so large she 
couldn't help dribbling. I also covered the cage with a large tarpaulin. 
Then I drove into Geneva and parked in a dingy side street off 
Plainpalais, in the not-so-rich part of the city. 

When I opened the cage, Sarah's skin was a mess of dents and 
indentations left by the bumps. She had also stained the red dress with 
her spit. She was still tied wrists behind her, ankles chained. I 
hoisted her out and locked the car, then led her by the throat leash 
behind me. I walked quite briskly, and Sarah was having real difficulty 
keeping up because her ankle chain was very short. The pavement was 
rough beneath her bare feet, which were soon grimy and covered in dirt. 
She tried to walk on tiptoes as much as she could to avoid the 
occasional bits of broken glass lying around. This achieves much the 
same effect as high heels, causing the girl's leg muscles to tighten and 
improve the contour of her thighs and calves, but looks far more 
attractive.

We walked past a particularly rough cafe populated by rancid old men and 
their harridan wives. Sarah was blushing scarlet as she was led by the 
throat, chained and dribbling from the ball gag, in front of the staring 
eyes of the Genevois. Then we entered our destination: the SM boutique.

The inside is dark, the walls painted black. Row after row of bondage 
and S&M magazines line the walls. There are small booths where you can 
pay two francs to see dirty movies. I am a valued customer, and 
Philippe, the owner, is always pleased to see me. He came out from 
behind the counter and shook my hand. Philippe is one of the most 
disgusting individuals I have ever met. He shaves about once a fortnight 
so he is usually in a state of stubbly disrepair and even his stubble is 
greasy. He has appallingly bad breath which he tries, and fails, to 
cover up with garlic. He weighs about twenty stone and his belly hangs 
out over his belt. His fingernails are black and cracked and his 
fingertips tobacco stained. It is not a surprise that the only women he 
gets to fuck are masochists.

"Philippe! I have a new acquisition! We need to go into the parlour to 
select some things for her."

"Ahh, Monsieur! You are truly a connoisseur! Such a pretty girl." He 
licked his lips and surreptitiously pressed his hand into Sarah's crotch 
as he escorted us to the rear parlour. This is an altogether higher 
class proposition than the front shop. In gleaning ebony and chrome, the 
shop contains every item a Sadist could wish for.

"Sarah. Select ten items of clothing for yourself, five suitable for 
sexually molesting you in the house and five suitable for fucking you 
discreetly in public."

She blushes beet red as Philippe and I watched her shuffle around the 
shop, choosing items which will allow easy access to her cunt and arse 
at any time. A black silk teddy, a tight blue corset, a long virginal 
white gown that can easily be rucked up around her waist. and so on, to 
ten items. Of course, she had to try each on for size, Philippe and I 
holding her arms when was unchained. Philippe was devouring her with his 
eyes and frequently his hand strayed from helping her on with her 
clothes to pinch and grope her flesh.

"Next, select five item suitable for beating you. Ensure that two of 
them are severe instruments. Philippe, perhaps you would care to help 
her get some of the items down from the racks to test."

Philippe is drooling with lust now. Sarah selected a riding crop as her 
first choice. Philippe has her bend over and touch her toes as he winds 
up to strike her with it. A whistling splat an a white ridge appears on 
my slave's bared buttocks. It quickly turns an angry bruised red as 
Philippe inserts a stained finger into her anus whilst pretending to 
help her up. A flat paddle was rejected after a single test stroke as 
being too mild, and she was forced to choose a spiked one instead. 
Philippe lays it on hard and her bum is dotted with little specks of 
blood where the points bit. A bull whip is acceptable, Philippe's 
artistry curling it down her spine and flicking the tip across her mons. 

"Two severe ones," I reminded her. She looked at me in shock, trying to 
protest that the ones she has chosen are pretty severe. The ball gag 
stopped her, of course. Philippe opened the draw of special instruments 
and selected one for her. It was a five-pronged whip, not that unusual, 
except that the thongs were metal chains and there were spiked metal 
stars every three inches along the length. When he drove this down into 
her buttocks the scream was clearly audible even through the gag. Her 
blood dripped onto the polished floor as he ripped the whip out. I 
nodded my approval. The last instrument she chose was an apparently 
fairly innocuous whip. She soon regretted her choice when Philippe 
turned her around and lashed her across the tits with it. It was 
weighted with lead shot and imparted far more force that any other sort 
of whip. The ancient Egyptians used these on slaves at their dinner 
parties, where it was common to have a female slave brought in and 
whipped, often to death, for the entertainment of the guests.

"Five dildos or vibrators. Two arse and cunt, one double-headed so that 
Laurielle can have some fun with you."

Philippe delighted in trying the dildos for size. Of course, Sarah 
always picked a size three smaller than the one she actually got. The 
monster that he tried on her anus was so large it wouldn't fit, even 
with Philippe applying spit liberally to her sphincter as a lubricant. 
Reluctantly, he had to go down a size. He took out his frustration by 
pounding the dildo into her arse until it was slick with her blood. The 
double dildo she chose was clearly calculated to hurt, not please. It 
was about ten inches each prong, but instead of being smooth, the dildo 
was divided into about ten sections, each of which had a thick ring 
studded with rough protuberances added to the basic dildo. Philippe made 
her count the rings as he shoved the device up her. 

"Five methods of restraint." Handcuffs, manacles, black silk rope, a 
pillory, foot fetters.

"Five instruments of torture." A rack, an electric shock machine, 
suction cups for her nipples, G-clamps, pussy clamps with weights. I 
told Philippe that I trusted his merchandise and that I wanted to test 
these on Sarah myself, tonight. She looked relieved. He looked 
resentful. 

Still it was time to pay up. I led Sarah to the counter and undid her 
wrists. Then I got her credit card out of her purse and told her to pay. 
She looked at me incredulously. Wasn't it enough that she'd been 
whipped, felt up and sexually abused by a revolting sex shop owner? Did 
she have to pay for it as well? Yes. 

"Philippe, enter each item individually, as usual, and make the 
description on the counterfoil quite explicit. I want the people at 
American Express to know just what their customer has been buying with 
her card."

Sarah was crying again as she signs the slips one after another.

"Now Sarah, say thank you to Philippe."

She looked up at me. How could she say thank you with a ball gag in her 
mouth? Oh no. He couldn't mean that. I saw her realise what I meant. I 
nodded to her as she prostrated herself over the counter and parted her 
thighs. Almost as pretty a picture as when she was sucking the feeder 
cock, I thought. Philippe unzipped his fly and let his scabby prick out 
of his stained and unwashed underpants. He doesn't get to fuck women as 
pretty as Sarah very often, so he was unable to contain himself for long 
whilst raping her. She squeezed her eyes shut as the revolting man 
forced his fetid cock into her slit. The worst thing was that he didn't 
even need to spit to lubricate her this time: she was dripping juices 
all the way down her thighs. She hid her face in her still unbound hands 
until Philippe grabbed a fist full of her fair hair and forced her neck 
to stretch painfully far back while he fucked her. When he shot into 
her, the dribbles of come down her inner thigh were a revolting yellow-
grey colour.

I took her home. Laurielle was howling the place down as soon as I opened 
the door. It is a good job the place is sound-proofed. I could see that 
her stomach was knotted up in agony. The muscles around her belly and 
flanks were rock hard with tension. She'd been held with a gut full of 
salt water for several hours and was in a dreadful state. I unchained 
her and took her to the toilet. I had to carry her as she was unable to 
walk, the muscles in her abdomen were so coiled up and cramped. I 
removed the plugging cock and watched as a gallon of water gushed out of 
her. Of course, this time, Sarah had to lick Laurielle clean and wipe her 
dry.

It was time for this evening's main event: Sarah's first demerits. I 
dragged the two girls down to the cellar. I thought it would probably be 
instructive for Sarah to see what punishments she could expect later on 
in her career. Although I had no intention of subjecting her to quite 
such rigorous punishments on her first evening, it would help strike 
fear into her to watch Laurielle's demerits.

"Laurielle, you have five demerits, a total of fifty minutes of torture. 
The last demerit will be shared punishment with Sarah."

I grabbed hold of the redhead who was still shaking and twitching from 
the cramps. I bound her straddling the riding log for her first 
treatment. This log is covered in very rough bark and has a branch 
rising up from the centre of it. I positioned Laurielle in such a way 
that the branch entered her un-lubricated cunt, the rough splinters 
digging into the walls of her vagina and the bark rubbing painfully at 
her labia. Her wrists and ankles were fastened on the floor, drawing her 
very tightly over the log and forcing the rough bark into contact with 
her flesh. The log is the home of an army of fire ants who do not take 
kindly to some fuck slut's body blocking the entrances to their nest. 

As I started to lash Laurielle's back, buttocks, thighs and feet with a 
knotted leather cat-o-nine-tails, the army ants poured out and started 
attacking her helpless flesh. Their stings injected formic acid under 
Laurielle's skin, causing instant swelling and severe pain. The main 
entrance to the nest was blocked by her pussy resting at the base of the 
branch. The ants started to tear at her pussy lips, her swollen cunt, 
her engorged clit with their pincers, injecting more acid into her. She 
was a screaming wreck as I turned her back from a perfect white expanse 
of silken flesh into a scarlet ruin of meat and dribbling blood. 

Sarah, hanging from her wrists from the ceiling, was crying as she 
watched what I inflicted upon my other slave. Laurielle raised her head 
and wailed as she saw that there were still three minutes left of this 
first demerit. I unhooked the chains from the bolts on the floor and 
wrapped them around my fists, then used the tight chains to pull her 
body towards me, down the log, scraping her large tits on the rough 
wood, forcing more of the branch up her cunt and sending the ants into 
more of a frenzy. By the time the bell sounded for the first ten minutes 
she was begging me not to hurt her any more. I got fed up of her voice 
so I gagged her with a seven inch inflatable penis gag. I pumped it so 
hard she hard to breathe through her nose.

The second demerit, I left her on the log for the ants while I heated 
some special plastic wrap. I stretched the hot wrap around her body, 
trapping ants against her skin. They sizzled in the heat and released 
little puffs of formic acid which vaporized and ate into Laurielle's skin 
leaving little blisters around each ant corpse. As the wrap cooled, it 
shrank considerably. Two minutes into the next demerit and Laurielle's 
body was encased in very very tight plastic. There was no blood flowing 
to her extremities and she could barely breathe. As the wrap tightened 
remorselessly around her soft flesh, she distinctly heard a rib snap 
under the pressure, putting yet more weight on her chest and cutting her 
breathing off entirely. By eight minutes she was going blue and her 
flesh was bulging obscenely from the few small gaps in the wrap. She was 
struggling against her bonds in terror as she tried in vain to draw 
breath. She was strangling on the log and still I had no mercy. The bell 
sounded about a second before she passed out. I cut her free.

For her third punishment, I tied her face up to a bench and winched the 
razor pendulum over to her.  As she lay under the device, I wound a 
ratchet until the razor-sharp blades attached to the bottom of the 
pendulum were pressing hard into the flesh of her breasts. I loaded the 
salt dispenser and set the pendulum going. Tick-swoosh-scream-tock. One 
each sweep, the pendulum cut three parallel shallow cuts across Laurielle's
tit flesh. The razor sharp edges meant that the cuts were very 
clean, so clean that she could hardly feel them as they were made. 
However, the salt pouring from the dispenser attached to the pendulum 
soon worked its way into the cuts and made damned sure she knew about 
them. Her body was contorting and twisting with her agony, writhing to 
avoid the next sweep. I once though that I would have to have a 
mechanism to ensure that the pendulum cut a slightly different path 
across the captive each sweep but the first time I used it I realised 
that the victim's own struggles against her bonds would do that job for 
me. As the pendulum cut her huge tits to ribbons I forced sharpened 
matches under her toenails and lit them, watching them burn down and 
sear her, turning the nail and skin black as they gutted and died. Ten 
minutes, ten toes. Perhaps a hundred cuts. 

The fourth demerit I decided to make some wine as well as some whines. I 
un-gagged Laurielle and made her kneel by the wine press. I passed both 
her arms beneath the pressure plate and tightened the screw so that she 
was held fast, her arms trapped . the upper plate was sculpted so as to 
exert even pressure all over her arm, from just below the elbow joint 
all the way down to her fingertips. I started the clock and gave the 
handle a full turn. Laurielle screamed as the pressure built up. Again 
and again I turned the handle, watching Laurielle grow more desperate. At 
six minutes the first trickle of blood leaked out of her arms, probably 
from the ends of her fingers. Another twist, a crack as one arm broke. 
Now there is a steady drip-drip-drip of her blood into the wineglass. By 
the end of the demerit it is full. I drank half and forced Sarah to 
quaff the other half. She was violently sick afterwards, as much because 
she was terrified that it was her turn next as from the taste I 
suspected.

For Sarah's first demerit, I impaled her on a long polished wooden pole 
set in the floor. I skewered her by her anus rather than her cunt which 
forced her into a rather odd position. Then I took the G-clamps she had 
chosen from the shop and attached one to each of her cunt lips, 
tightening them firmly to make sure they would stay attached. Then I 
added the suction cups to her small tits. Compared with Laurielle, Sarah 
is almost flat chested: most of her breast fitted inside the outer glass 
cups. When I turned the machine on at its lowest setting, much of her 
tit flesh was sucked into the second chamber. As each minute ticked by, 
I turned the machine up one setting. By four minutes her tits were about 
a foot long, the nipples had gone black and the rest of her tit flesh 
was purple. By seven minutes I thought there was serious danger that the 
suction would rip her tots away from her ribcage, so instead of turning 
the machine up some more I added some of the lead weights she'd bought 
to dangle from her pussy clamps. I batted the hanging weights to and fro 
playfully, causing her to grimace and scream as I pulled down. I think 
her cunt lips finished up somewhat longer than they had been.

For her second demerit I left the tit suction on the same setting but 
stretched her out on the rack. I drew her fine petite body tight, then 
painfully tight. I stretched her joints, nearly dislocated her 
shoulders, dripped hot wax over the soles of her feet and her bruised 
and swollen cunt as the timer ticked by.

Number three, and the tit cups came off to be replaced by crocodile 
clips connected to a car battery. I used her like spark plugs, making 
her buck and jump and twitch spasmodically on the rack as I electrocuted 
her savagely swollen and tender tits.

Part four, and my lust was really building, so I arse raped her as I 
whipped her back with the spiked flail that Philippe chose for her. I 
repeatedly poured brandy over her exposed flesh and set light to it, 
watching the blue flames flicker and dart over her skin, already singed 
once today, as I reamed her anus brutally and without lubricant. I 
pulled out and sprayed her firm buttock with strings of white come as 
the bell sounded.

The final demerit, and both girls were to suffer it. I attached them 
back-to-back on an exercise machine, something out of a multigymn. Each 
girl's legs were held in stirrups with a red-hot iron plate a mere hair 
from the sole of her bare foot. Each girl was impaled by a spiked iron 
dildo in both arse and cunt, the machine being designed with a sling 
rather than a seat to accomplish this. Instead of timing with a clock I 
use two candles, tilted so as to drip hot wax onto the breasts of the 
two helpless girls. They rapidly discovered that, as they pumped the 
weights by using the handle bar before them, they could move the iron 
away from their feet, but it is on a strong spring and at once recoiled 
to sear the skin on their arches. As each girl pumped the iron she also 
discovered that the other girl's actions drive the spiked dildos deep 
into her cunt and arse, tearing and ripping delicate membranes. The 
shaking caused by the two girls exercising like mad to avoid their feet 
getting charred to nothing of course caused the candle to spill yet more 
drops of molten wax onto the girl underneath. They were soon dripping 
with sweat, cunt juice and blood gushing from their lower orifices as 
the dildos rammed home again and again. Their tits were a mess of white 
wax a blacken blisters, their feet singed and burnt from the red hot 
plates. 

Three minutes in and it was all too much for Laurielle. With a noise like 
a train through a tunnel she threw her head back and howled as her body 
quaked from orgasm. She screamed as she felt the iron plates burn her 
feet and Sarah applied herself even more vigorously to send her rival 
into a second agonising, explosive climax. Sarah's dildo had stopped 
pumping but soon Laurielle re-applied herself with renewed determination 
to ream out the cunt and ruin the bowels of her rival. Six minutes in 
and it was Sarah's turn to howl transfixed in orgasm as the irons 
touched her feet. Laurielle's sweating body was shaking with the effort 
and she couldn't manage to force the other girl into a second orgasm. By 
minute nine both girls were straining at the weights to fuck her 
opponent into total submission. Two seconds before the time ran out, 
they simultaneously twisted in their slings as their feet were once more 
afire. They bucked in pleasure/pain as they came and came and came. My 
come splattered over Sarah's tortured tits as the two girls exhausted 
bodies came down from the climax. I wound the iron plates away but left 
them in the machine overnight where they could amuse themselves with the 
other girl's torture as long as they liked.
