This is an explicit tale of sex between consenting adults. Not for 
consumption by minors or those who don't like such stuff. 

This is almost certainly a work of fiction. 








TRYOUT 
-- by Friar Dave

PART EIGHT




     Connie giggled -- something she seldom did -- as they stepped off 
the ferry and started walking arm-in-arm toward the parking lot.
     "Okay, wife," Jerry said. "Explain the mirth."
     "You were so cute at dinner, stalling and stalling and stalling --
really, honey, you'd think you were condemned to some gruesome fate."
     "I was not stalling." He said it with a straight face, but she 
walked the next few steps turned sideways, staring up at him. Finally he 
cracked the smile.
     "'I was not stalling,'" she said gravely, mimicking him. "Oh, no, of 
course not. You always have three cups of coffee and two deserts after 
dinner at Four Seasons." They reached the parking lot and began wending 
their way through the cars.
     "I was just trying to prolong a lovely moment. This is a special 
occasion, you know."
     She burst out with a loud guffaw. 
     "And I thought it would be, you know, nice to walk past my old 
apartment, where we first did it."
     Connie's laughter rebounded, peals of amusement that rang out in 
the chilly night. Jerry stopped and waited till she had calmed down and 
caught her breath.
     "Honey, it's 43 degrees. We could have taken a cab instead of 
walking -- and very slowly, I might add -- 18 blocks. And 'nice'? You 
mean 'romantic,' don't you? Because it was romantic."
     "Yeah, well, I guess so. Kind of."
     She shook her head and suddenly threw herself on him, clinging to 
him with her arms around his neck. "I love you so much, Gerald."
     "I love you with all of me, Veronica." He kissed her, his arms 
easily holding her lithe, small frame. The kiss began sweetly and then 
got a lot more passionate. 
     Someone cleared his throat and said, "Okay  you  kids..."  A
flashlight winked on. Jerry lowered her and they turned to the cop.
     "Sorry about that," Jerry said. "The term 'parking lot' triggers a 
conditioned reflex in us." 
     "And thanks for the 'you kids'!" Connie added.
     The cop walked off, shaking his head and softly chuckling. Holding 
hands, Jerry and Connie walked slowly to the car and climbed in. Jerry 
tossed his coat into the backseat and they buckled up.
     "Now you're trying to get me arrested," Jerry teased as he started 
the engine.
     "For what? Making out with your wife on your anniversary?"
     He shifted into gear. "I was thinking more of Rampant Horniness, 
First Degree, and Consorting With a Known Sex Object." Connie leaned 
over. "And what are you doing?"
     "Access to my favorite sex object." She unzipped his trousers and 
began working his rapidly stiffening cock out of his briefs.
     "Hey, you definitely are going to get me busted for lewdness or 
indecent exposure."
     "Can't leave you exposed, I guess," she agreed -- and  began
stuffing as much of his cock into her mouth as she could manage.
     Jerry groaned as his wife's head bobbed between his abdomen and the 
steering while. Connie sucked happily, her mouth filled with  his
expanding meat and her tongue busily exploring all the wonderfully 
familiar nooks and veins she had come to know and love. She was moist 
under her evening dress. She'd suddenly gotten the impulse to suck her 
husband's cock right there, in the restaurant, a la "Shampoo." For some 
reason she could not fathom, the urge, the craving, was just there and 
undeniable. She'd squirmed and fidgeted during the main course, the 
sorbet, the deserts and coffees. She'd fairly trembled with the urge 
walking to and then past his old apartment and she'd been unable to sit 
still during the short ferry ride across the Hudson. The heat and 
solidity of his pulsing cockhead was exactly what she'd salivated for 
all evening.
     She didn't want him to cum -- not yet -- and she knew him so well 
she was able to keep him just...below...the threshold for the fifteen
minutes it took to drive to their home.
     But when the car was in the driveway, the lights and engine off, 
the gear in PARK, Connie turned her head sideways in his lap  and
murmured, "Come on, honey -- gimme gimme gimme GIMME!" She jammed her 
face back over his cock, taking him to the back of her throat. She 
sucked hard and slow and let her tongue wriggle against the underside of 
his big cock. She felt him twitch and she moaned pitifully.
     That did it. Jerry let out a soft whimper of surrender and his dick 
erupted. Connie squirmed and pulled her head back, gulping noisily and 
sucking just the glans and a little bit of the massive shaft. He spasmed 
again and this time he flooded her mouth with his hot, beloved semen. 
She sucked sloppily, knowing how much that aroused him and bobbed her 
head slightly. His caress on her cheek sent a shiver of love and lust 
through her. She moaned again as a third geyser shot into her mouth, and 
began moving her head up and down hungrily, coaxing a fourth, fifth and 
sixth welcome splattering.
     She licked and sucked his dick clean before relinquishing it, then 
gently stuffed the half-hard length of him back into his trousers. She 
looked up and saw Jerry leaning his head back to rest on the neck 
support of the seat. He tilted his face forward and pulled her mouth to 
his, kissing her hard and sticking his tongue into her mouth. She loved 
feeling him swirling his tongue around in the mixture of her saliva and 
the residue of his sperm.
     "Baby, you make me so hot!" she breathed into his mouth. "I wanted 
to do that right after the pate."
     He grinned. "I know. I can tell when that's what you're craving. 
You get this particular look on your face and start getting very, very 
restless."
     "Oh?"
     "And you only get the urge when we're someplace where it  is
absolutely impossible -- or unwise -- to indulge it."
     "Remember 'Shampoo'?"
     "Do I remind you of Warren Beatty?"
     "Yccch. What I liked was the brazenness of it. Not to mention Julie 
Christie. Or was it Goldie Hawn? Whichever. Which reminds me. Let's go 
in the house."
     He sighed in resignation. "You're sure about this? No last-minute 
doubts?"
     She kissed him quickly on the lips. "Let's get inside."
     "O-kaaaay." They disentangled and exited the car, then stood in the 
driveway for a moment, looking at each other across the roof of the car. 
Jerry cleared his throat. "Bravely go I forth to meet my fate."
     "Your fate." She snorted. "I'll try to make it as painless as 
possible."
     He grinned at her and they entered their home. The only light was 
in the kitchen, which Connie had switched on before they'd left. "Hmmmm. 
Looks like your fate hasn't arrived yet," she said, removing her coat. 
Jerry took hers and hung it next to his in the foyer closet. Connie was 
wearing her drop-dead jet-black Armani sheath, the one  with  the
spaghetti straps across her shoulders. It molded itself to her every 
lovely curve. She could feel her husband's gaze on her as she walked 
gracefully into the kitchen, the high heels stretching her legs, her 
pert ass twitching under the fabric.
     Look and lust, honey, she was thinking. You're going to need all 
the lust you can muster before the night is over. And as she thought of 
what the night had in store for both of them, her nipples hardened and 
crinkled under the dress and her cunt renewed its moistening. She drew a 
tumbler of water from the faucet of the filter -- New Jersey's water was 
officially safe, but the taste was only slightly better than that of the 
residual semen she was rinsing from the roof of her mouth.
     "Want me to bring you something?" she called.
     "Some juice?"
     She drew a second tumbler of water for herself and poured Jerry a 
tall glass of his grapefruit juice. She returned to find him sitting 
stiffly in his favorite chair, a leather recliner half-facing the 
fireplace. When Jerry was nervous, he always became very still.
     Connie handed him the glass. "Fair enough -- you already gave me my 
juice." She licked her lips for emphasis. He showed little sign of 
seeing the gesture or hearing the remark.
     She folded easily to her knees beside him and rested her arms on 
his thigh. "Hey -- loosen up, honey."
     He cranked his head around to look at her, a machine-like motion. 
"I'm just afraid -- " He clamped his lips.
     "Afraid of what?"
     He was silent for a long minute before blurting, "You've been 
telling this woman what a stud you've married and she's all worked up 
for this and so are you and, well, I just don't know what I'll do if I 
start feeling left out or can't -- can't -- you know: perform."
     She'd considered the possibility that this would come up, so to 
speak. An introverted man by nature, she'd known that if the worry was 
really in his mind, he wouldn't be able to tell her till the last 
minute. Connie had given this situation thought and had a Plan.
     She held his gaze for a moment. "Honey, I can still call Kimberly 
and cancel this. I don't -- " She held up one finger, shushing his 
protest. "I do not want this to become a problem for us. And if you 
really believe you might find it that much of a worry, I will gladly 
trade this for us, every time -- and never regret it one iota."
     "But -- "
     Again she shushed him. "But first, before you decide, I want to 
show you how much confidence I have in you and how much you should have 
in you. Deal?"
     "But -- "
     She glanced at the clock. "This won't take long. There's plenty of 
time. Indulge me?"
     He drew a deep breath and slowly let it out. And nodded.
     She ducked her head down and graced his thigh with her teeth 
through his trousers.
     "First, will you please get rid of that damn jacket and tie?"
     He stood as she leaned back. He began unknotting the tie as he 
turned toward the stairs and the closet set in the wall beneath the 
steps.
     "No -- just toss them onto the couch."
     He shrugged and quickly complied, unbuttoning the collar of his 
shirt for good measure.
     "Isn't that more comfortable?" she teased, knowing how much he 
hated having to wear them. She rolled smoothly to her knees. "What do 
you like best about me?"
     That got a genuine smile from him. They'd had this exchange the 
first night and on many nights since. It was almost a script, but the 
ritual of the dialogue was a comfortably exciting thing that they 
enjoyed.
     "I like everything about you best!" he answered. Of course.
     "That's sweet, but you know what I mean," she cued, getting to her 
feet with the lithe grace only a dancer could supply.
     "What?"
     She stood before him, fingers laced and hands in front of her, 
slowly turning a little to the left, a little to the right. She was a 
shade over five feet tall and after the night's big meal, was perhaps up 
to 97 pounds. Her dark hair and big, brown eyes and fair complexion 
were perfect for the demands of the sheath dress she was wearing and she 
knew how much it appealed to him.
     "Oh, you know -- some guys are tit men, some guys are leg men, some 
are ass men... You know."
     "Oh, *that*!" he said. "Well, I'm really a tit-leg-ass man, but if 
I had to pick just one -- "
     She nodded, exaggerating the gesture.
     "I guess -- your butt. You've got the cutest,  ripest,  most
delectable peach of an ass I've ever seen on a woman of legal age."
     "So you like my tush?"
     "First time I saw you in that cheerleader's outfit, bending and 
strutting, I said to myself, 'I have got to grab those buns!' -- "
     "And you did -- eventually." She reached up and  pulled  one
spaghetti strap off her left shoulder. "I have a surprise for you." The 
other strap was removed. "Special -- for my husband, the ass man." She 
reached behind herself and nimbly undid the four hooks-and-eyes. She 
began squirming sensuously. The sheath began to flow off her, lower and 
lower. Once it was past the pert thrust of her tits, it slid down the 
rest of the way in a soft, sussurant swish of fine fabric until it lay 
in a small heap about her ankles.
     She stepped back and out of the circle of discarded evening dress.
     "Like?" She raised her hands above her head and slowly turned for 
him. The flimsy, non-support bra was blue and nearly transparent.
     So were the thigh-cut panties.
     When she had turned a full 360 degrees, she watched her husband 
swallow.
     "I like," he said simply, his voice thick. His lovely, petite wife 
stood before him in her bra, panties and -- this was a first, really -- 
garters and stockings. 
     "That's new," he said, raising his eyebrows. "The stockings."
     "Got the idea from Emily." She'd told him some things about Emily 
-- including her remarkable tongue -- but not about what she and Kim had 
done with Emily.
     "Thank her for me."
     She smiled slightly and turned to her right, then executed a 
majestically smooth bend from the waist. Her knees stayed straight, as 
did her back and shoulders. She bent lower and lower, until her forearms 
were wrapped around her calves, her nose was against her knees and her 
gorgeous little butt was outthrust in all its rounded glory, inside the 
taut, blue sheen of the panties.
     Connie could hear his breathing grow shallow. She watched his 
fingers twitch, the jerky stretching of his arm. His hand came to 
rest in a long caress on her ass, his palm almost covering one cheek, 
his splayed finger lightly pressing the other.
     "Step up behind me," she whispered, voice throaty. "Get close 
behind me. I want to feel you pressing against me."
     He moved like a man in a dream, coming around behind her. His cock 
was as hard as a piece of steel, throbbing down his right thigh within 
his trouser leg. He bent his knees and pressed the stiff, throbbing meat 
into the shallow crack of her ass. She felt the thickness of his shaft 
between her ass cheeks, saw the bulge of the pants-covered  glans
protruding below her crotch. 
     Her soaked crotch. 
     He had both hands on her ass now and they wouldn't stay still. His 
hands slid around her hips, up to her waist, around to her tummy.
     She stood slowly, gracefully, back and legs straight. His hands 
slid up to her breasts, cupping and caressing them through the thin bra, 
then squeezing them carefully, finally pinching her hardened nipples and 
eliciting a soft "Oh!" from her. She let herself lean back into him, the 
back of her head against his chest, as he savored her lithe charms. She 
flexed her ass cheeks against his cock, felt his dick surge in response. 
     She turned within his arms. Her hands went to his waist, quickly 
undoing belt, waistband and zipper, pushing trousers and briefs down his 
heavily-muscled thighs. His cock popped out, long and hard and thick. 
She felt its heat against her bare stomach as she straightened. His 
fingers were tugging clumsily at the bra, searching for the clasp, 
fumbling it open.
     "I've got to have you, honey," she breathed. "Can't wait -- got to 
have you inside me right now. Lay down right there, right there..." As 
she spoke, she fumbled at the buttons of his shirt. 
     He settled gawkily to the carpet as she shrugged out of the bra. 
She stepped over him and pushed the now sopping panties down just below 
her cunt, leaving them about her thighs.
     Connie crouched over him, ankles to either side of his hips, knees 
close together.
     "Hold it in place for me!" she hissed. She felt his stiff meat sear 
her thigh just below the panties, shifted to the side and settled her 
dripping cunt against her husband's big prick. She pressed down, trying 
to force herself onto it. With her thighs close together and her torso 
tensed in her unbalanced crouch, she was even tighter than usual. She 
worked her hips from side to side, trying to wedge her cunt onto his big 
pole.
     She finally captured more of the fat, smooth glans between her 
labia. 
     "Grab me!" she moaned. "Pull me down!"
     His hands slid up her legs to her hips. He held them as if they 
were a basketball and pressed her down over him.
     "YEEE-ESSS!" she screamed as his knob finally penetrated her hungry 
cunt. "YES!" He pulled her down onto him as he pressed up. She felt his 
cock -- it seemed even larger than usual -- boring inexorably up into 
her cunt, her womb, her stomach, her lungs. She shrieked again and shook 
as she finally settled her tautly stretched cunt lips against the bony 
ring at the base of his straining dick. She felt impaled, helpless and 
totally loved by the man she loved. Her cunt was convulsing over him 
even before he started jerking her hips up and down over his rampant 
prick. His cock was smoothing all the little wrinkles and bumps in her 
cunt, ironing and stretching them and finally testing her limits as he 
thrust up into her and pulled her down onto him. 
     Connie tried to hump herself up and down over her husband's cock, 
but somehow, she just couldn't seem to get her coordination. Every time 
she tensed to lift herself, she was clenching her cunt down on his cock 
and -- BOOM! -- she'd be cumming again. 
     He pulled her down against his chest. His chest hairs scraped her 
nipples, adding to her arousal. She slobbered on the side of his neck 
and his shoulder, incoherent sounds of sheer pleasure escaping her lips. 
Beneath her, Jerry was hunching his hips up at her while his hand, 
clamped over her small, hard ass, pumped her atop him. It seemed to 
Connie as if the orgasms never completely stopped, now; they diminished 
occasionally, but -- like ocean waves -- never completely faded.
     Suddenly, Jerry was rolling her onto her back, then cranking her 
legs, so slim and limber, up and back -- farther -- farther -- farther, 
till her calves were almost behind her ears. She  felt  her  quim
contracting on him, shortening.
     When he was poised above her, his powerful torso supported on his 
outstretched arms, she felt as if she were being skewered. Skewer-
screwed, she thought. Skrewered.
     "Skrewered," she mumbled, gasping as he began to sink into her. She 
felt unbelievably full. She could watch her own abdomen bulge as his 
fat, hard dick pushed deeper and deeper into her.
     "Wazzat?" he gasped.
     "Skewer-screwed," she whispered. "Skrewered."
     He bottomed out inside her. She thought his knob must be somewhere 
in the vicinity of her duodenum. Maybe her larynx. Her tummy convulsed 
as the orgasms began rising through her again.
     He pulled back slowly and held himself above her, suspended on 
hands and toes so the only points of contact were the backs of her 
thighs against stomach and her filled-to-bursting cunt.
     Jerry began jabbing down with his hips, quick, twirling thrusts 
that screwed his cock into her, pressing all the wonderful little hidey-
holes of pleasure in her vagina. Connie was beyond screaming, now; the 
pleasure had sucked the breath from her. She could do no more than lay 
back and receive the wonderful poling her husband was giving her -- 
receive and enjoy.
     As he rammed his cock in and out of her, he let his legs bend till 
his knees were resting on the carpet and slowly began straightening. He 
took her ankles in his hands and pulled them together, then held both 
slim ankles in one powerful hand. All the time, his strokes never 
ceased, his big prick driving deep into her recesses, then pulling back, 
her tight little labia coating his wide girth.
     He brought his free hand down to her face, caressing her cheek with 
his fingertips. Her eyes popped open, wide, and slowly she focused on 
his face. She saw the lust and hunger there, and the love and tenderness.
     "Oh, baby," she managed to whisper. There was more, but  she
couldn't make her mouth work to say it. Later, she vowed silently. 
     The hand moved lower, to her mouth. She was holding her lower lip 
between her teeth. She opened her mouth and greedily sucked at his 
finger, tonguing it as if it were his cock...
     ...or Kimberly's nipple...
     ...before he pulled it free and lightly caressed her stiffened 
nipple, then tweaked it. She groaned, deep and loud, as yet another 
orgasm careened through her.
     His cock, all the time pistoning in and out and in and out, deeper 
and farther, stretching and reaming, so goood, so goooood...
     "So goooooood," she moaned.
     His hand went lower, over her solar plexus, her belly, her abdomen. 
It finally paused, fingers splayed and palm flat, just above her pubis.
     He smiled and pressed down as he pushed his cock balls' deep into 
her soaked cunt. That tiny, magical bundle of nerves in the top wall of 
her vagina was compressed against the top of his cock.
     Connie felt reality fading as her eyes rolled up and just the 
whites showed. It was as if all sensation were draining from her body to 
the focal point of her cunt, to that one spot in her cunt -- and then 
the pleasure exploded outward, suffusing her, filling her to exploding, 
saturating her nerves, her skin, then growing more and more intense 
until she was sure she'd burst into orgasmic flame and then:
     "AHHHHHHHH!"
     Her cry shattered the panting quiet as the most intense orgasm of 
her experience burst through her entire being. She couldn't remember the 
time before its beginning, couldn't imagine the time after its end; it 
was a forever orgasm, unending and a time unto itself. And it seemed 
perpetual, consuming, possessing. She came and came and came, harder and 
harder, dimly aware of the components: his big cock throbbing inside 
her, his hand holding her ankles, his hand pressing her abdomen, her 
clitoris quivering, her nipples responding to molecule of air.
     And then she became aware of his prick motionless inside her. No, 
not motionless -- no longer plunging, but not motionless. It  was
throbbing, spasming. She could feel his balls, tight and heavy against 
her upturned little ass, jerking. She could feel his hot semen spraying 
and splashing inside her, feel her cunt stretching with each swelling 
and explosion. She could feel him cumming inside her cumming cunt and it 
all went higher and brighter until she had become a single, quivering 
nerve, a gigantic clitoris -- cumming.
     He finally sagged above her and slowly, almost gracefully, rolled 
her into his arms as he slid onto his back, panting like a marathon 
runner. His shriveling prick was still trapped in the yet-spasming 
slickness of her cunt and she let herself coat his flesh with hers as 
she remembered that vow.
     "My darling," she whispered, barely loud enough for him to hear. 
"My darling, "You're the only one I'll ever need. I may want others, 
from time to time, but you're the only one I'll ever need, and I'll 
always need you."
     He kissed the her forehead. "I love you so much, Veronica."
     She kissed his shoulder. "I love you, Gerald."
     "I've never seen you cum that hard or that long."
     She shivered. Even the imperfect memory was nearly enough to make 
her cum again. "I've never cum that hard in my life. Or that long."
     "I feel like you got all the moisture in my body." He chuckled, a 
quiet, throaty rumble. "I think you've done me in. I'm afraid your 
friend is going to be disappointed."
     She remembered her plan, abruptly. "No, she won't. If Kimberly 
isn't enough to turn you on, and I'm not, and if the two of us together 
aren't, then I know something that's guaranteed to put some more lead in 
your pencil."
     "Better be high-octane lead."
     She tightened her cunt on him. He grunted.
     "It will be." She snuggled closer "Can you see the clock?"
     She felt him shift. "Nine-fifty-five."
     She relaxed even more. "Good. Let's just stay like this for a few 
minutes. We have time for some snuggling and a shower."
     "Oh?"
     "Trust me."
     He began humming the theme from "Raiders of the Lost Ark."
     "You're silly," she accused.
     "You're sexy."
     She hummed against his shoulder and let herself relax in the cradle 
of his arms. Just a few minutes, she told herself...
     ..."Huh?"
     "You dozed off. Ten after ten." 
     Connie pulled herself up on him, slowly disconnecting his cock from 
her cunt. It shlurped out of her just as her lips reached his. They 
kissed lightly for a moment, then passionately, then lightly again 
before she rolled off him. She pulled her knees up under herself, then 
stood. She could feel his juice and hers seeping from between her cunt 
lips. She felt unbelievably sexy looking down at the long, hard-muscled 
length of him -- sexy, and fabulously lucky. She couldn't dare even hope 
that he felt the same way about her, but he did; her heart knew it.
     "Shower -- me first!" she said, feeling suddenly childish. She 
grinned and hurried up the stairs, leaving him to gather their clothes. 
     Connie was just stepping under the hot spray -- she'd douched 
first; had to be fresh and tasty! -- when Jerry stuck his head into the 
shower. "Need some help?" He leered excessively.
     "And you claimed you couldn't get it up again!"
     "Well, it's as limp as a washrag, so I figured -- "
     She held her palms so the spray glanced off her hands at his face. 
He retreated hastily. Connie finished her shower and toweled off. She 
stepped into the bedroom wearing the big bath towel like an Island Girl 
and found her husband carefully tucking in the bedspread. He was wearing 
his yellow, terry-cloth robe. The clock said 10:23. Kim was due between 
10:30 and 10:45.
     "Your turn." She jerked her thumb at the door to the bathroom.
     He nodded, expression somber -- but not unhappy. As he was walking 
past her, she stopped him with a hand on his forearm. "Tell me what you 
feel?"
     "I love you and I'm a little uneasy about this...but -- okay, I 
guess. I know I can't get off again for a few hours."
     She stopped the impulse to smile or speak.
     "So I feel like, well, I'm going to see my lover have a wonderful 
time with a beautiful woman, and that sounds fine. So -- okay. But I 
wonder what I should wear."
     She tugged the lapel of the robe. "This is just fine."
     "Seriously."
     She did smile, now. "Your favorite jeans and a sweatshirt, okay? 
Just -- relaxed, right?"
     "Right."
     She stretched up on her tiptoes and kissed him lightly. "Go shower."
     Connie waited till she heard the shower running, then quickly 
slipped into her purple camisole, matching bikini panties and negligee. 
She walked barefoot downstairs to the living room and quickly put the 
tape into the VCR. The timer said 10:32. She was just cinching the sash 
of the negligee when the doorbell rang.
     Smiling confidently, hearing the sounds of the shower where her 
wonderful husband was lathering herself, Connie opened the front door 
and welcomed Kimberly...
     ....and Emily.

                                                                   [more]



==============================================================================
Originally uploaded 8/16/91 to N1xPix Windy City 708 564 1754, the only 
place where the rest of it will be uploaded by the author. Re-upload 
elsewhere freely, as long as you got it from a NixPixNet BBS and you 
don't change it. Fair enough? Thanks!

NixPix Central (the original Nick)   303 920 1263
NixPix East    (in the Northeast)    207 693 3431
NixPix Windy City (the Midwest)      708 564 1754
NixPix Sweden                        011 46 40 110590
NixPix Austria                       011 43 77 198871
NixPixFinland is ON-LINE!!! Check TRYOUT9 for the number or, better yet,
call in to a NixPix node and get the number from the Bulletins!
============================================================================

     For 99 percent of those who can read, this is a needless reminder, 
so I address this to the one percent.
     If you enjoyed this story and/or appreciate the time and effort 
that went into writing it, there's a simple way for you to quietly show 
that appreciation -- by acting as a responsible BBSer. That means:
     Don't let any minors read this;
     Don't send it to any BBS that wouldn't welcome it. (You may not 
agree with the SysOp's restriction on x-rated files or stories but 
that's the SysOp's perogative and as a guest/subscriber/user of his 
or her BBS, you are honor-bound to respect that restriction);
     Don't change or modify the file name or the text itself; that's a 
cheat and we both know it.

On a personal note, I ask you not to remove either this afterward or my 
handle.

Thanks, in advance.
                                                                 -- F.D.
