Archive-name: 3plus/tryout04.txt
Archive-author: Friar Dave
Archive-title: Tryout -  4


PART FOUR

     The snow hadn't started yet, but the Weather Princess on the 
Weather Channel had promised it. Given the temperature and the feel of 
the night, Connie suspected the promise was going to be well-fulfilled 
by morning.
     She was hoping other promises would be equally fulfilled.
     Connie sat at one of the coveted window tables in the Cornelia 
Street Cafe. From time to time, Famous People walked by. One had even 
entered and was sipping a decaffeinated espresso at another table while 
other patrons pretended not to look at her. Connie had no inhibitions 
about staring till she was sure. After that, she was more interested in 
watching the street, for Kimberly.
     As she thought about what she planned, she rubbed her tightly jean-
clad thighs together. Just the memory of Kim's lush body, all naked and 
writhing -- 
     The tapping on the window startled her out of her reverie. Kim 
grinned and waved at her. She was wearing what looked to be a fake-fur 
coat and her legs were stockinged...her fabulous legs. Connie had paid 
her tab earlier, so she'd be ready. She scurried outside and they 
hugged. 
     "Sorry to be late!"
     "Eight minutes? No problem." They hugged again. Even through Kim's 
fake fur and Connie's heavy woolen coat, Connie could feel the press of 
Kim's large breasts, and she thought again of those amazing, huge 
nipples and --
     She caught herself and pulled back from the memory before she 
stared oozing right here in the middle of Greenwich Village. 
     "Well, I like to come on time."
     "And often."
     "I can't believe we just said those things."
     "You'll be pun-ished for it," Connie assured her.
     "There's a woman inside staring at us."
     Connie turned. "Don't mind her. She's staring at you."
     "That looks like -- "
     "It is. Let's go get some nasties!" She slipped her arm through 
Kim's and they walked up Cornelia, bumping hips even more often than was 
necessary because of the disparity of their strides. 
     They were delayed a bit at the corner. Traffic on West Fourth 
Street was frantic, desperate drivers taking stupid chances on the 
slippery pavement in order to flee all the more quickly the growing 
snowfall in the city. When the traffic had finally stopped -- thirty 
seconds after the light turned red -- the pair hurried across to the 
pink-painted bricks of the building housing the Pink Pussycat.
     Connie sensed the hesitation in Kim. 
     "Feel like everyone is watching you?"
     "Sort of."
     "They are -- because they want you. But none of them know you, so 
-- un-fuck 'em!"
     Kim giggled and let herself be led down the short flight of steps 
into the sex-toy emporium.
     Connie closed the door behind them as Kim surveyed the store from 
the inside. She'd passed it often enough, but had never worked up the 
nerve to enter. She looked to her right. Next to the entrance was a big, 
locked display case filled with dildoes, in more variety and flavors 
than she'd ever imagined possible. 
     Her jaw dropped and gaped at little bitty three-inch dildoes shaped 
like dog dicks or fingers; double-ended dildoes and dildoes shaped like 
a U, with a head on each leg of the U; dildoes shaped like nothing in 
nature; dildoes shaped like  fists  or  upthrust  hands  --  some
frighteningly close to life-sized, and cock-shaped dildoes.
     The last group came in sizes ranging from normal to interesting to 
tempting to intriguing to gigantic to Run Away - It's Heading Toward Us!
     She turned to make a remark to Connie -- and found herself alone! 
Kim frantically scanned the few customers at the counters and spotted 
her diminutive teacher-cum-lover. She hurried.
     Connie was examining the vibrators under the glass of the counter 
when Kim clutched her arm. 
     "Don't leave me alone like that!" Kim hissed.
     "Sorry -- look at that one!" 
     "Huh?"
     Connie tapped the glass with one perfectly manicured finger. Kim 
stared. It looked like a standard kit -- a hand-held vibrator with 
various attachments. But when she looked closer, she realized two of the 
attachments were not the usual.
     One looked like a miniature feather duster, with about two inches 
of fragile-looking fronds protruding. The other unusual attachment was 
an inch-thick, two inch-long bit of stiff, pink rubber that curved 
sharply up at the business end and was capped by knob that look about an 
inch-and-a-half thick.
     "Can I show you anything?"
     The young woman was a punker, dressed completely in black and with 
the de rigeur spiked hair. She also had an un-punk face that was lovely, 
large gray eyes and the loveliest complexion either of the women had 
ever seen.
     Connie noted a ripe young body within the black sweater and pants.
     "This one," she said, tapping the glass. As the clerk took it out, 
Connie added, "I'd like to hear it. I hate the sound these things make."
     The clerk stood and put the display box on the glass. "I know," she 
agreed, opening the box and handing the machine to Connie. "Beastly 
racket. Really ruins the mood. Let me plug it in for you." She bent at 
the waist, then straightened and grinned. "Give it a buzz."
     Kim giggled as Connie switched it on. The sound was barely audible. 
Connie smiled.
     "It's become very popular," the clerk explained. "It's well-made 
and produces very little noise...itself, if you know what I mean." She'd 
added the last to Kim, who promptly blushed, then relaxed and giggled 
again.
     "Even with the attachments in place -- " The clerk popped the 
standard rounded hard-plastic cap on the vibrating metal rod. "Touch it 
to the glass."
     The sound was less than either customer expected. Connie put it 
against her palm and pressed. No rattling within the machine, either.
     "It's $89.95," the clerk said, "but the price will probably come 
down in a few months -- "
     "I'll take this," Connie announced. 
     A third customer wandered over. "Is it noisy?" asked a cultured, 
utterly feminine voice. The clerk and her original two customers looked 
at her.
     The woman exuded sensuality. Tall for a Japanese woman, with thick 
black hair that cascaded to the shoulders of her well-tailored coat, she 
had a beautiful face, soft, full lips and a somehow innocent curiosity 
in her large, dark eyes that couldn't cancel the effect of her ripe 
body. When she realized all three were looking at here, she hastily 
apologized: "I am so sorry to intrude." To the clerk: "When you have a 
moment, please?"
     "No intrusion," Connie said quickly. "Here, see for yourself!" She 
put the machine in the woman's gloved hand. The Japanese woman switched 
the machine on and her eyes widened at the low volume of noise. Holding 
the vibrating knob against her hand, she looked at the box and the other 
implements.
     "May I?"
     "Please," Connie said, stepping back. The woman turned off the 
machine and replaced the knob with the feather duster. When she flipped 
the switch this time, she held the little fronds against her cheek and 
her eyes half-closed.
     "I'll take it!" she said quickly, flipping off the machine. 
     "I'll be with you in a moment," the clerk said. "Will there be 
anything else?" she asked Connie and Kim.
     "Go ahead and ring her up," Connie said. "We're not done yet."
     "I think someone is planning a party," the clerk whispered and 
smiled as she motioned to the elegant Japanese woman.
     As Connie led Kim back toward the front of the store -- and the 
dildoes -- Kim whispered, "More? Are you kidding? Half of that kit will 
wipe out my playtime budget -- "
     "That's for me," Connie said. "So are two of the next four things I 
plan to buy."
     The clerk was at their side a moment later. "Guess she's planning a 
party, too." She nodded toward the Japanese woman, who was examining a 
collection of oils and lubricants. "Found anything you like?"
     Connie pointed. "That one -- " A U-shaped dildo crowned with a pair 
of only slightly-larger-than-lifesize knobs. "-- that one -- " A funny 
little thing that Kim only slowly recognized as a butt-plug. " -- and 
that one."
     "This one?" The clerk was reaching into the case and indicating a 
twelve-inch double-ended dildo.
     "No -- *that* one."
     Kim again gaped. Connie was buying what looked like a twenty-inch 
long double-header...and the clerk could barely close her fingers about 
its girth.
     "And a pair of Joni's Butterflys," Connie said.
     As the clerk went behind the counter to finish gathering and start 
totaling the purchases, Kim whispered urgently, "Did you see the size of 
that thing? I hope you don't think I -- "
     Connie turned Kim face to hers and kissed her, full and heavy, on 
the mouth -- silencing her.
     "Trust me."
     "But -- which two am I paying for?"
     "The butt plug and a Joni's Butterfly. We'll put it all on my Amex; 
double-warranty that way." Connie snickered as she imagined herself 
calling American Express: "Yes, the FuckForever vibrating kit I bought 
was guaranteed for a year of trouble-free use and just eight months 
later, the damned thing burned out."
     At the register, the clerk finished adding up the damage: "That'll 
be...$245.92. Cash or charge?" Connie passed her that Little Green Card. 
As she wrote up the charge slip, the clerk said, "Oh, since you bought 
more than two hundred worth, you have a choice of twelve free batteries 
or a tube of our special fruit-scented orgy lube."
     The Japanese woman had wandered close. "Excuse me. Take  the
batteries. The lubricant smells awful and tastes worse."
     They looked at the clerk. "Tastes like shit," she agreed. "Dogs run 
screaming when they smell it."
     Connie signed her invoice while asking, "Do you come here often?"
     "Until a year ago, never. But since my gentleman friend left me... 
almost every month."
     Connie passed back the slip and gave the Japanese woman a long 
look. "Did he go blind or stupid?"
     The woman smiled charmingly. "He could not remain sanguine in the 
face of my sapphic infidelities."
     Connie blinked and then it registered. "Ahhh, well, I'm very sorry. 
I'm Connie and I am pleased to have met you..."
     "Emily." She shook Connie's hand, then turned to Kim.
     "This is Kim."
     "A delight." She held Kim's hand a moment longer than necessary. 
"Perhaps we will meet again, here."
     "That'd be nice," Kim stammered. Connie accepted their bagged 
purchase from the clerk and they left.
     Outside, in the now-blowing snow, Connie said, "I think she'd like 
to join us."
     "I -- I think I might have liked that, too -- but not tonight. Not 
now." She took a deep breath. exhaling billows of steam in the chill 
night. "Well, I'm parked in the garage up Sixth." She led Connie, for 
change. As they waited to cross Sixth Avenue, Kim finally said, "Would 
you be mad if I said I wish we could've gotten her name?"
     "Furious." Connie held a piece of white tag board in front of Kim's 
face. It was a business card. Emily's name, address and office and home 
phone numbers were on it. "She slipped it in my pocket while she was 
giving you goosebumps."
     "She's an lawyer?"
     "So we have to call her. Didn't your mother always want to see you 
get involved with a doctor or lawyer? Light's changed."  Connie strode 
out onto Sixth Avenue, leaving a stunned Kimberly rooted in drifting 
snow behind her. Kim barely caught up before the light changed. She 
scooped snow from the nearest car -- which was parked at a fire hydrant 
-- and delivered said snow to the back of Connie's neck. They shrieked 
and giggled and raced to the garage.
*     *    *
     "Let's see, this goes here -- I think..."
     Kim watched as Connie tried to decipher the straps for the Joni's 
Butterfly. It was an absurdly flesh-colored triangle of latex, with 
raised nubbins on the little vertical ridge meant to fit into the labia. 
It was held in place by elastic red-and-black straps that some fool had 
probably thought were sexy. One strap went around each thigh at garter 
height, the other went around the waist.
     "I think that's it." Connie lifted the small, black plastic control 
set. "Feels funny." She popped open the case and inserted a pair of 
double-A batteries. She snapped the case shut and thumbed the slide 
switch slightly, until a low buzz was audible -- and visible.
     "Oooooooh, jeeeeez..." Connie sat, abruptly, on the bed, her eyes 
out of focus and her nipples hard. Except for the Butterfly, she was as 
naked as Kim, a state they had reached, with much giggling and caressing 
and surprising speed, very shortly after closing the door behind them.
     Now she was starting to moan as an orgasm gathered in Connie's flat 
belly. She saw Kim's huge, broad nipples hardening, till it looked as if 
the entire ends of her large, firm breasts were covered with some sort 
of enormous swellings. Connie's hips were moving almost against her will 
as Kim reached over and took the little black control box from Connie's 
lax fingers.
     "What -- " Connie started to ask, and then Kim thumbed the control 
up higher. The buzzing sound grew louder.
     So did Connie.
     "AUUUGGGHHH!" She dropped both hands over the latex and crammed it 
against her cunt as she fell back, writhing, on the bed, her legs bent 
over the edge and her belly rippling as the orgasm tore through her. Kim 
leaned over and lightly tongued Connie's ferociously swollen left 
nipple, then the right one. and finally lowered the rheostat control to 
its lightest setting -- without turning it off.
     "You gotta try this," Connie gasped when her orgasms had subsided 
sufficiently to allow speech. 
     Kim nodded and dropped the control box to the bed beside her still 
spasming lover. She stood, young, voluptuous and burning with lust, and 
began fixing her Butterfly in place. Connie simultaneously loaded a pair 
of double-A batteries into the control box for Kim's device. Connie's 
hands were trembling.
     As soon as Kim had snapped the last garter into place, Connie 
thumbed the slide control and watched Kim's face go slack with pleasure. 
She reached up to her and guided Kim down onto her while Kim groped for 
and found the control for Connie's Butterfly.
     They pushed the controls up at the same time as they kissed. 
Instantly, each locked the other in a rib-bruising embrace as the little 
latex nubbins began vibrating on their engorged clits and sopping 
pussies, sending both into paroxysms of pleasure.
     As they writhed together, Kim gradually used her greater size and 
strength to spread Connie's arms and legs on the bed beneath her. Her 
tits hung right over Connie's face, a happy situation of which Connie 
quickly took full advantage. She mouthed Kim's gorgeous nipples, trying 
and failing to get a liplock on them, then lightly clamping her teeth on 
the turgid, over-sized teats. She worried one, then the other, then 
rapidly turned her head from side to side, the faster to work her young 
lover high and farther into orgasm.
     Kim simultaneously ground her pelvis down at Connie till their 
Butterflys were pressed against each other. Kim used her shins to hold 
Connie's ankles against the bed and fucked at her hungrily, grinding 
Connie's -- and her own -- Butterflys into their cunts and clits. 
     "C'mon, you slut!" Kim hissed. "Cum for me! Cum!"
     The words suddenly pushed Connie over the edge. She arched up at 
the larger woman, her cunt contracting hungrily and the dual vibrators 
hummed and buzzed her into a mammoth orgasm.
     Feeling Connie's explosion triggered Kim's. She arched her head 
back and wailed, loud and long, grinding down with her buzzing cunt 
against Connie's shaking crotch. Kim shuddered violently and fell off 
Connie, rolling onto the bed. She was still twitching and shivering when 
Connie found and lowered the controls on both their vibrator.
     Connie recovered first. She stood on unsteady knees and wobbled to 
the bag containing their other purchases. She bounced off the door jamb 
on her way out of the bedroom.
     Kim gradually came down from her sex-stoned high. She had wanted 
Connie so desperately that she would have had a series of huge orgasms 
in any event; the devices had merely triggered the explosions. Yet, for 
all her cumming, she still craved Connie -- and more!
     Slowly, Kim became aware of the sound of running water. Shower? No, 
it was the kitchen. She tried to call out a question to Connie, but 
found her throat wasn't working quite right at the moment.
     Then the water stopped and a few seconds later, Connie returned -- 
carrying the butt plug, the U-shaped dildo with the knobs and the 
enormous, 20-inch long double-dong.
     "I'd forgotten how much it turns me on to the pushed around a 
little in bed -- and how juicy I get when my lover talks dirty!" She 
dropped the toys on the bed beside Kim. "Now, get your K-Y out, honey, 
because I'm really feeling slutty, now!"

                                                                   [more]
--
