									  Leather & Lace

	We went out riding the motorcycle, both of us dressed in our leathers from
head to toe.  You looked terrific in your black leather jacket and pants, and
they were tight, showing off your delicious curves with a shiny elegance.  I
was surprised when, at one of our scenic stops, you leaned over and unzipped
your jacket, revealing that underneath your leathers, you wore absolutely
nothing!  I peered down your jacket, seeing your nipples erect and hard, your
bare flesh begging to be touched.  Aroused, we headed towards our next stop
after some quick feelie-grabbie.  During the ride, I leaned back and told you
to unzip your jacket half-way, which you did, letting the warm, late summer air
flow inside your jacket over your naked tits.
	Pulling off the road near a large stand of redwoods, I followed a good, but
small trail for a bit, then stopped the bike.   You hopped off first, as is our
custom, and I was startled when your jacket was suddenly draped over the tank.
You stood there, topless wearing black leather pants and tall boots, rubbing
your tits and telling me how horny you were.  I dismounted the bike, and pulled
you to me, kissing you fiercely on the mouth, my hands squeezing your tits.
	You pulled away and stepped back, then showed me your own special modifi-
cation to your leather pants.  Several snaps and zippers later, your ass and
cunt were exposed, as if you were wearing chaps, not pants.  I wasted no time
in shucking my clothes and pulling you down to the soft grass nearby.  You were
already wet and eager, and my cock slipped down your hole easily.  I started
pounding your hot, wet pussy right away, making your tits shake and bounce.
Your leather-clad legs wrapped around me, and your hips rocked up, meeting my
savage thrusts.  Again and again my cock slammed into you, and you moaned with
each deep thrust.
	"Cum in me baby." You said, and I could feel the rising wave start deep in
my balls.   I bent your legs back, pressing your knees up to your chest so I
could drive into you deeper still.  "Yes!  Fuck me hard!" You shouted, just as
my sperm surged up my cock.  One last hard thrust, all my weight jamming my
cock up inside your hot cunt, and I gushed my thick cum over and over inside
you.  You could feel my cum flooding into you, washing up like a wave deep
inside your pussy.  It seemed like I came for hours, surge after surge splat-
tering your warm cunt with my thick cum.    Panting, I leaned back, only to
have you push me back and out of your pussy, and then to scramble back around
to suck my glistening cock.
	I watched, fascinated by your lustiness, as you sucked me hard again in a
short time, tasting your juice and my cum mixed on my shaft.  Your hand was
constantly rubbing your sperm drenched pussy, and now, when you stood, you
were shiny and wet from your belly to your asshole.  You rubbed some of our
cream on your nipples and licked it off your fingers, looking me in the eyes.
Your carnility ignited mine, and now I pulled you down and started to hump you
from behind, slamming wetly against your dripping cunt.  Your hands tried to
grasp my swaying balls, feeling them slapping against your clit.  I reached
down and rubbed your hard clit, making you shake and moan loudly, totally out
of control.  Your hips bucked against me hard, and you made loud, gutteral
noises as our bodies met.
	"Fuck me hard!  Pound me!" You cried, only the redwoods and I hearing your
pleas.  I fucked you hard again, this time sliding a finger up your anus and
fucking your ass too.  You responded by asking for more, so a second finger
joined the first, and you groaned and shouted that you were coming.  My other
hand was fast at work on your clit, feeling the sopping wetness that dripped
from you.  Your body shook and spasmed and you make loud noises as you came,
pausing from your rhythm to go rigid.  Then, as if a switch had been flipped,
you resumed your hard, fast pace, asking me for yet more!   Again you came,
pausing as your body shook.  Your cream was dripping off my balls, and my hand
was soaked.  I pulled back and turned you around, shooting my sperm against
your tits, the thick white streams coursing down your body.   Before I began
to go soft, I moved around and slipped my cock into your ass, and let you push
and rock against me, using me as a live dildo.
	Your tight ass kept me hard, and you came several times, fingering yourself
while I fucked your ass.   Finally, my sperm drove up the length of my cock and
spurted up your ass, and I could feel you coming again, your asshole squeezing
me so very hard.  All fucked out, we dressed, and jumped on the bike to head
home.  The whole ride back, you could feel the dampness of your pussy and of my
thick cum under your leathers.  At one point, I leaned back and said I should
have cum in your mouth too.  You told me to wait until we got home.  Thirty
minutes later, back at our vacation cabin, we practically ripped each other's
leather off and you sucked me until I came, swallowing it without a single drop
escaping your lips.
	I pulled you onto the floor and fucked you again, this time letting you ride
my shaft until you came, my hands squeezing your beautiful tits and rubbing
your belly.  Both of us were exhausted and fell asleep on the floor, my cock
still inside your creamy pussy.  When we awoke, it was dark, so we showered and
ate, climbing into bed naked and holding each other. 	You looked at me in the
darkness, forming a question, then asking it.
	"Do you think our spouses are having this much fun?"
	I doubt it.  I really do.

