Archive-name: Changes/tvcop1.txt
Archive-author: Sue Softwear
Archive-title: TV Cop 1992


Chapter One - The Crime 

     The police car radio crackled to life as Dan Klein approached
a red light.  Sue Kraft, his partner of one year leaned forward to
hear the radio more clearly.  "Its a 411 near the lake", she
exclaimed and flipped on the red light and siren.  A 411 was a dead
body with suspicion of foul play.  Dan expertly dodged a car coming
though the intersection and made a hard left to proceed directly to
the lake.
     Dan glanced at her and thought that she had turned out pretty
good as a partner after all.  Initially, he had considerable
reservations about a female as a partner.  He had been rather
uncomfortable at first because she was a woman and had gotten a lot
of hazing from the other male officers about when he was going to
get in her pants and how good a lay she was etc. 
     She had been married at one time and did not seem to have any
interest in him as anything other than a partner and friend.  The
only person she ever mentioned going out with was a female friend
named Peggy.  She and Peggy must spend a lot of time together since
Sue mentioned her all the time.  Dan had never seen Peggy but
someone else had seen her with Sue and said she was very
attractive:   blonde, with nice tits, a great shape and a pretty
face.   Sue on the other hand was as tall as Dan at five ten and
weighed at least as much as Dan did.  Dan was glad she was larger
than the typical woman when it came to arresting a struggling
suspect.  She actually seemed to enjoy getting physical with a
suspect.  Dan worried more about getting hurt.  Given enough time
your number could come up and you could end up in the hospital or
worse dealing with some crazy.
     They finally arrived at the scene and noticed that another
police car was already there.  They pushed through the crowd and
saw the body laying on the ground in some bushes near a park bench. 
     Dan recognized the other officers present as Mike and Dave who
were in their precinct.  "What's up Mike?", Dan asked as he looked
down at the body.   "Nothing much.  Looks, like someone took out
another drag queen", Mike belched and leered at Sue who was bending
over looking at the body.
      Dan took a close look and felt anger swelling in his body at
Mike for being such an insensitive jerk and at whoever could do
such violence to another human being.  
     Several cross dressers had been attacked and two killed in the
last month by the same nut.  The first victim had been found partly
undressed in a hotel room.  The victim had apparently been engaged
in sexual acts with the killer before being killed.  He had been
dressed in black lace and semen had been found on his bra and
panties that did not match his DNA type.   At least one of the
cross dressers was apparently straight and was just out for a walk
around one of the lakes before being killed.  A note saying "Kill
all Fags" and signed "Queen Killer" had been found with the last
two.  Some nut could not deal with his own sexuality and felt like
he had to eliminate his sexual partners.  
     Dan and Sue kept the crowd away until homicide arrived and
stayed until the crime scene had been combed and all pictures
taken.  The television news crews were there normal pushy selves
and had to be restricted from walking all over the crime scene,
tromping all over any evidence that might be present.
     When Dan and Sue were released from the crime, their shift was
over and they headed back to the station.  "Sure is a shame what
people can do to others", Dan mused as much to himself as to Sue as
he drove.
     "You seem more sensitive about things like this than most male
officers" Sue responded.  She studied Dan's face as he drove
through the heavy traffic.  He was trim, blonde,  with blue eyes
and a fair skin complexion most women would kill for.  Dan seemed
really different in his relationship with her and how he interacted
with the other male officers.  He was friendly and everyone liked
him but he did not seem to be the typical beer guzzling,
overweight, macho type like the other male officers.  He had never
hit on her and seemed content to treat her like a good friend.  She
enjoyed being with Dan as much as Peggy. 
     Of course with Peggy, things are much different, she thought
to herself.   Dan noticed the brief smile on her face but didn't
say anything as they just then pulled into the police lot.
     As they walked into the station house, big Al Simpson, saw Sue
from across the room and yelled, "Hey Sue, he got another homo like
you!"  Sue flushed crimson and pushed past the two or three
officers between her and the women's locker room.
     Dan was puzzled, what the hell was Al (the pig) Simpson
talking about.  He moved over to Al and queried, "What's this homo
shit all about Al?"
     Al chomped half a candy bar and slurped down a soda to wash it
down. "Hell, I thought you knew, Dan. You better ask your partner." 
Al and the other officers laughed and walked away leaving Dan
puzzled and alone in the hallway.  
     Dan quickly changed and waited for Sue to come out of the
women's locker room, but after a half hour she had not come out and
he left for his apartment figuring she had left already.  He called
a couple of times that night but no one answered the phone in her
apartment.
     Dan watched the 10 o'clock news and saw himself at the crime
scene.  The news loved this story.  It had, sex, violence, and the
novelty of cross dressers. 
     The Mayor was interviewed and said "He was pulling out all
stops to rid the city of this sick killer."  The news reporter
wondered if the Mayors interest in this was due to his concern for
the victims or the coming election.  Dan started falling asleep
during the sports and turned off the TV with the remote from bed. 
Tomarrow's watch started at 8AM.  He drifted off to sleep and had
dreams of dead women littering the parks.





Chapter Two -  The Transformation  
     
     Dan walked into the station house the next morning.  The desk
sergeant saw him and said, "Hey Dan, don't bother changing into
your uniform the Captain wants to see you in his office right
away."
      Dan grimaced and responded "What the hell have I done wrong
now?"
      Perry laughed, "You are really in big trouble on this one,
Klein."  Dan couldn't help but notice the smirk on Sgt Perry's face
as he walked by.  Perry seemed to know everything that was going on
in the department.
     Dan knocked on Capt Como's door. Como yelled, "Come on in." 
Dan was surprised to see Sue sitting in a chair in front of Como's
desk.
     Como motioned for him to sit down as he was talking on the
phone.  "Yes Commissioner, we have already begun taking steps to
get the operation underway."   He glanced at Dan and Sue, "We do
have the people lined up, but we are going to need some money to
cover expenses. Sure that should be plenty."  The voice on the
phone sounded loud and angry as Como held it away from his ear. 
"Yes, sir.  We will get right on it."  Como slammed the receiver
down on the hook and breathed a sigh of relief.
     Como looked at Dan and said, "Anyone tell you why you are
here?"
     Dan looked at Sue who gave no clue and back at the Captain
before responding, "No sir, no one has told me anything."
     Como looked at Dan and said, "Stand up and turn around, I want
to see if this will work."  Puzzled Dan stood up and did what he
was told.  Como looked at Sue and asked "What do you think Sue?  Do
you think you can do anything?" 
     Sue looked at Dan thoughtfully and responded, "He is certainly
the best choice in this precinct, if not the department." 
     When Dan turned to look a Sue the phone rang again and Como
responded, "Shit that phone has been ringing off the hook today. 
Sue, get going and brief Dan later. This is of utmost importance to
the department.  Dan, you probably won't like what we are asking of
you but I am counting on you."  He handed Dan an envelope which
obviously contained cash.  "Here sign this receipt voucher, there
is five grand in here.  Don't spend what you don't need."   Como
reached for the phone and covered the mouthpiece, "The mayor has
been on the Chief's case for an hour this morning all ready, we
have to catch the Queen Killer soon, real soon, or I'll be back
walking a beat."  He waved them out of his office as he began to
talk on the phone. Apparently it was the Chief and he sounded
angry, very angry.     
     Dan and Sue closed the door behind them and walked down the
hall.  Two officers were standing in front of the desk sergeant,
and they were all laughing.  When they saw Dan and Sue they all
really started howling and one yelled.  "Hey Dan, you are sure
looking good."  They all doubled over laughing and one blew Dan a
kiss.   
     Dan doubled up his fist and started for the group but was
restrained by his partner, Sue.  "Come on Dan, we have work to do"
She grabbed his arm and led him out the door to the parking lot.
     "What is going on Sue?" Dan asked.  He couldn't for the life
of him figure out what was going on or why he was suddenly the butt
of station humor.  
     "Come on Dan, lets go to my place.  I'll tell you on the way. 
I'll drive and you listen."
     The plan Sue detailed was just unbelievable.  The department
had to get the Queen Killer.  The mayor was worried about the
election and a killer running loose in the streets.  His law and
order platform was under fire from the opposition.  He in turn had
put pressure on the Police Commissioner and Chief to get something
done.  The plan that had developed was to find the right officer to
cross dress and lure the killer out into the open.   The precinct
had drawn the detail since the crimes were bordering its
jurisdiction and it was manned well right now.  The Captain had
asked for Sue's help since she was the only woman in the precinct.
     Dan's head was spinning.  He had never worked plain clothes
before, had always wanted to, but detectives usually did that sort
of thing.  But this was different, very different.  Cross dress,
what would the other officers say?  Good lord, what would his
mother and sister say if they found out.  They lived in the twin
cities.
     "No way!  Not me! They have to find someone else.  Who the
hells idea was it for me to do this?  Dan sputtered as Sue pulled
up in front of her apartment.
     She turned off the ignition key and gave him a weak smile,
"Why, my idea of course.  You were the best one for the job.  The
only one in the precinct that was in good enough shape to be
believable."  She got out of the car and walked towards her
apartment entryway.  "Now don't be such a whiner.  You want to
catch Queen Killer don't you?  Besides this might be fun for a
change.  You've always wanted a chance to work plain clothes. 
Although, come to think of it, these clothes are not exactly
plain." She giggled at the thought and opened her apartment door.
     Dan followed Sue into her apartment.  His head was spinning
from all the rush of thoughts and feelings he had been experiencing
for the last few minutes.  He had never told anyone of his earliest
memories.  Of his older sister dressing him in her clothes and
telling everyone he was her four year old sister.  They actually
had family pictures of him with curly blonde hair in one of her
dresses.  The family joke was how cute he had looked.  
     Several years later, he felt the strangest urge to look at his
mother and sisters underwear and clothing.  He had felt his first
sexual stirrings while looking at their bras and panties.  He had
never dared to do anything but look.  When alone at home had spent
hours looking at the Sears catalog womens wear section.  He was
almost caught several times looking at stuff.  Seems like everyone
was out to discover his secret.
     Dan had dated infrequently in high school and college.  He had
his obligatory sexual experiences but they did not seem to mean
much and he had never dated the same girl more than a few times. 
After college he had gone right into the department and had been so
busy with police work he had not thought about things all that
much.  He had thought about getting some female things, but was
afraid someone in the department would discover his long lost
secret.  He had visions of Al or someone else seeing him in a
checkout line with a bra and panties in his hands.  Hard to explain
that one at the station.  
     Sue told him to come into her bedroom.  She rolled open her
closet door and he was surprised at all the clothing she had in her
closet.  All he had ever seen her wear was jeans and a "T" shirt or
sweatshirt.  He didn't even know she owned a dress.  
     She pulled out a tape measure and started measuring him every
which way.  She kept muttering to herself and finally said, "This
will be easier than I thought.  You and I are nearly the same size.
I don't wear a lot of this stuff anymore but for some reason have
not thrown it away.  We have the department's money but to save
time we'll use as much of this as I can.  I'll get whatever else I
need for you later."
     Dan looked in the closet and said, "Are you sure we can pull
this off?"  
     "Sure, now go into the bathroom and take a shower.  Lets get
started.  After you shower take the electric razor in there and
shave your legs.  You are not very hairy anyway, but we want to do
a good job.  The ones that were killed could pass quite easily for
a woman.  At least the killer has good taste in one area."  She
opened a drawer and pulled out a pair of lace trimmed black nylon
panties and threw them at him.  "Put these on when you are done
shaving and showering.  Give your face a once over too.  We want it
smooth as a babies behind."  She patted him on the ass as he took
the panties and headed for the bathroom.  "I'll run to the
department store down the street and get a couple of things while
you are in the shower."
     Dan could not believe what was happening,  this was like one
of the wet dreams he had as a teenager but they went away when he
woke up.  He showered and it took him a long time to shave since he
had never shaved his legs before.  He thought to himself how lucky
he was not to have any body hair.  Other than his face, his hair
growth pattern was the same as any womans,  armpits and below the
waist.  The men down at the station had called him a Mexican
hairless upon seeing his lack of body hair. 
     He slipped on the skimpy lace edged panties.  As soon as they
touched his legs he felt an immediate stirring of sexual arousal. 
He slowly pulled them up his now smooth legs and stuffed his no
longer flaccid cock into the panties.  The crotch was lined with
cotton material.  He had forgotten about that.  The feeling of the
material against his cock when he had them on was wonderful.  He
liked the way they fitted his round butt cheeks.  He was looking
down at himself in the mirror when Sue knocked on the door.  
     "Come on out of there.  I know you are done."
     "I can't come out of here like this", he said as he looked
down at himself.  His cock was noticeably stiff even though it was
folded under.
     "Sure you can.  We have know each other a long time.  You can
trust me Dan.  This is all business with me anyway.  Besides you
know I'm a lesbian anyway, you couldn't be safer with anyone."
     Dan's thoughts jumped to the previous day.  So that is what
that comment meant.  "Sue, I'm sorry, I really didn't know."
Somehow he felt better about things and opened the door and came
out.  Suddenly the lack of men in her life made sense.  He was
pretty stupid not to have figured it out before now.
     Sue took a long thoughtful look at him as he stepped out the
door.  "I know I should have told you before.  But then I figured
you might know already anyway.  I was just happy to be treated with
respect.  I hope this won't change anything between us."  She could
not help but notice his stiff cock in the frilly panties and had
hoped it was not because of her.
     "I've got no problems with your sexual orientation.  You are
a good partner and friend", Dan responded, suddenly aware she had
noticed his cock.  He hoped she had not guessed the reason for his
arousal. 
     "Well lets get started."  She turned and began opening and
closing drawers and getting things out.  "Try this on"  She handed
him a black lacy waist cincher with garters for nylons she took out
of a department store bag.  She must have just bought it. 
     He figured out how to put it on and had it on before she
turned to him with a pair nylons.  It was smaller than the designer
had intended but the effect was great.  His waist was smaller and
his figure more hourglass shaped.  He sat down and pulled on the
nylons she had handed to him.  He rolled them down, put his foot in
and pulled them up the way he had seen his sister and other women
in movies do.  The silky nylon feeling was really strange and at
the same time very exciting.  He struggled a bit with the garters
and routed them under his panties as Sue had suggested.  He
wondered why the garters went under the panties but accepted her
guidance without question.
     Sue handed him a black matching bra and he studied it and put
it on without too much difficulty.  She had noticed that he had
stopped protesting and was pretty much following her directions. 
She guessed it was all part of being a good cop and wanting to
catch the killer.  
     She opened a couple of small square boxes and took out
something that looked all in the world like a womans breast.  She
handed them to him.  "Fortunately the store had breast forms also"
, she said.
     He could not believe how lifelike they felt to the touch.  He
put them in the bra and suddenly it was filled out and bulging. 
The bra felt much different.  He could feel the weight of his new
boobs pulling down the bra straps and it even forced his own skin
up at the top of the bra looking very much like real cleavage.  He
took a couple of steps over to the mirror and could feel their
silicon gel core giggling in the bra rather realistically.  The
view in the mirror was equally as convincing.  His folded cock
responded in his panties.
     Sue noticed Dan looking at his image in her mirrored closet
doors.  He had such a funny look on his face.   This was going to
be a first class operation, or so the Captain had said.  The breast
forms were $240 apiece.  She wondered if the Captain knew what the
cost was going to be for all this.
     Next she took out a red satin blouse and handed it to Dan to
put on.  He slipped it on and buttoned its long sleeve cuff and
button front.  The vee neck allowed just an occasional peak of his
black lacy bra and his newly acquired cleavage to show as he
finished buttoning the blouse.  Sue looked at several skirts and
decided on a black leather one she had hardly ever worn.  It was
kind of short and slutty looking and did not fit her very well.  
Dan pulled it up over the blouse,  tucked things in and she helped
him with the rear snap and zipper.  
     As Sue plunged back into the closet, Dan looked at himself
carefully.  My god, from the neck down he looked just like a woman.
The feel of the satin blouse on his arms, the slightly restrictive
feel of the bra on his chest, the weight of his boobs and its
straps over his shoulders were such a strange and wonderful
feeling.  He took a couple of steps and turned around.  The sound
the feel of his nylons against the lining of the leather skirt sent
almost an electric shock up his legs.  He had always had a round
ass, unlike most men, and he filled the skirt up very nicely. 
Rounding it out where it should be round.  It was a little tight at
the waist but it enhanced his figure.  The feel of everything was
almost overwhelming.  He could feel his dick oozing dampness into
the lining of his panties as his juices started flowing.         
     Sue pulled out a pair of high heeled black pumps and he leaned
down to try them on.  They were slightly too small.  "Darn, I was
afraid of that", she responded, looking over a well stocked shoe
rack.  "Here, these may work"  she said as she handed him a black
ankle strap high heel with open toes and heels.  Dan slipped them
on and adjusted the strap to fit his slightly larger ankles. "You
better be careful walking for a while, they take some practice." 
     Dan tottered back and forth in front of the mirror while Sue
opened another box from the department store.  She pulled out a
long blond wig and motioned for him to come to her.  She slipped
the wig on his head and spent about 10 minutes combing it out.  It
was just shoulder length and looked very nice once Sue had combed
it out.  
     The next part was a bit unpleasant.  Sue sat him down and
plucked eyebrows.  It hurt like hell.  He couldn't believe that
women do this all the time to look good.  Again, he wasn't real
bushy anyway and it could have been much worse.  She applied
mascara, a makeup base, eyeliner, and eye shadow.  Admonishing him
to pay attention because he was going to have to do this himself.
She finished up with powdered makeup and blush before applying a
dark red lipstick.
     Dan turned to look in the mirror.  He almost could not
recognize his own face.  It seemed to merge with his new female
identity.  He had often looked at his own face in the mirror and it
just did not seem to be himself looking back but strangers face. 
The face with long blond hair, makeup, and deep red lips somehow
looked right, like he was seeing his real reflection for the first
time.  It was such an emotional moment that his eyes started to
tear up. 
     Sue saw his response and at this time was really puzzled.  Was
he upset at being dressed as a woman or what else was going on. 
"Hey, what's wrong?  You are going to streak your makeup."  She
admonished then dug into her collection of costume jewelry.  
     "I got something in one of my eyes or something", he said
without sounding very convincing.  His voice sounded husky and full
of emotion.  
     She soon had him decked out with a gold neck chain, with
matching bracelet and clip on earrings, a ladies wrist watch, and
several elegant but gaudy rings which only fit on his smaller
fingers.   
     She finished up with a manicure and bright red nail polish
that matched his lipstick.  His nails had been fairly long and she
just rounded them at the ends before applying the polish.  They
looked as good as half the women on the street anyway.  He sat and
examined his hands.  The jewelry and nails made them definitely
feminine.  
     A spray of perfume, on his neck and wrists were the finishing
touch.  "Now get up and walk around and let me look at you", she
demanded.  
     Dan walked straight to the mirror and looked at himself.  The
transformation was complete.  There before him was a tall
attractive woman.  He didn't have to worry about his mother or
sister.  He was sure that they would not recognize him even from up
close, although now that he thought about it he did have a striking
resemblance to his sister.  He could be her twin.
     Sue was really amazed at what she had done.  It had been far
easier than she imagined.  He really looked good, very attractive. 
He reminded Sue of her girlfriend Peggy, tall, nice legs, nice
boobs and a well formed butt.  As Sue watched Dan walk back and
forth in front of the mirror she began to feel sexual stirrings of
her own.  She had no interest in Dan as a male, but here he was, an
attractive female, just her type.  She wondered if he would be
receptive to a pass right now, but dismissed it as just too early.
So much had happened to him in just a few hours.  He probably could
not deal with it right now.  
     "Dan, somehow Dan does not fit you right now.  How about
Danielle?  she suggested.  
     "Sure Sue, whatever you think.  You have done a really good
job with me.  Thanks a lot."  Dan, now Danielle, came over to Sue
and gave her a hug.  The feel of their breasts touching was
electric for both of them.  Sue was getting very turned on but she
decided to wait to make a move for a day or two, if she could stand
it that long.  
     They were still locked in their friendly hug when they heard
a noise from the bedroom door.  "Oh Sue, how could you?  Who the
hell is this bitch?"  It was Peggy, who was obviously furious. 
Peggy turned on her heel and started to leave.
     "Peggy wait, you don't understand."  Sue called at her shapely
back.  "Come back!"
     Danielle called to her, "Peggy, its me, Dan, I am in drag for
a case we are working on."
     Peggy, who had never met Dan, turned and looked at him, "Sure
you are.  You expect me to believe that shit?"  She started for the
door again but thought about the voice coming from Sue's very
attractive playmate.  The voice certainly sounded male.  Could it
really be true?  She returned and looked carefully at the tall
female figure standing next to Sue.  "Do you mind if I check this
out?" she asked.  
     Danielle responded, "Sure go ahead,"  little suspecting what
would happen next.  With a sudden swift movement that completely
surprised both Sue and Danielle, Peggy ran her hand up under
Danielle's skirt and felt his panty covered cock.  
     With a shocked expression she retrieved her hand as though it
had touched hot metal.  She and Danielle both immediately blushed
crimson.  "I'm terribly sorry Dan!  I could not believe you were a
man.  I thought Sue was cheating on me.  You look so, so,
believable"  she stammered for words.
     It was Sue's turn to blush, because of her unrealized desire
for Danielle in the last few minutes.  However, Peggy did not
notice Sue because she was looking Danielle over like a new dress
in the store.  "Very nice.  Really quite good.  I'm so sorry I
doubted you, Sue!"
     Sue explained the whole story to Peggy while Danielle
continued to practice walking back and forth in her high heels. 
Sue and Peggy watched Danielle walk back and forth as the story was
told.  Danielle seemed to be getting more confident on the heels
and Sue and Peggy found a matching purse for Danielle to carry her
gun and badge in.   The makeup used in Danielle's transformation
was placed in a makeup bag, along with comb, compact, and other
female maintenance items and loaded in the smart black leather
shoulder strap purse.  Danielle was handed her purse and slung it
over her shoulder while she practiced walking.  The whole thing
seemed so convenient and natural.  Dan hated to carry the gun on
his hip.  
     Dan called into the precinct and talked to the Captain.  Even
the act of talking on the phone was different and somehow exciting.
Danielle's long hair had to be moved aside for the receiver, the
earring immediately hit the phone.  Danielle debated removing the
earring but decided to leave it on.  He liked the way it dangled
from his ear.  He was conscious of his lipstick and its taste in
his mouth.  It made his lips feel so smooth and soft.  The taste
reminded him of makeout sessions in high school when he had first
tasted a girls lipstick on his own lips.  This was decidedly
better, and infinitely more erotic.   
     The Captain told Dan to come down to the station and pick up
a wire.  They would wire him for sound before sending him out. 
They wanted him in the park tonight.  Sue and a male officer would
sit in a unmarked car and back Dan up when the killer approached
him.  The Chief wanted action.  Dan and Sue would get overtime as
necessary. 
     Sue and Peggy said goodbye with a passionate embrace and long
juicy kiss.  Peggy turned and without thinking gave Danielle a
typical female to female goodbye hug as she left.  By this time
everyone was calling Dan, Danielle, without even thinking about it. 
It seem so natural given Danielle's totally feminine appearance.
     Sue locked up her apartment and got in her car.  Two street
maintenance workers watched them leave the apartment and one made
vulgar comments loud enough for them to hear.  Something about they
could probably suck start his Harley, or better yet him if they
wanted to.  Sue ignored the remark but Danielle when thinking about
it started to get turned on again.  The whole thing was getting so
confusing. As they drove to the station, Danielle wondered if women
were as constantly bombarded with sexual stimulus as he was.  He
was going to have to carry an extra pair of panties in his purse. 
He was very aware of the dampness in the crotch of the ones he was
wearing.

--
