Copyright 1996 Dastardly Dave. 

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.



This is a work of fiction containing sexual acts of fantasy between fictitious
characters from another planet who are aged in zorkon-years (similar to 
dog-years).  Their actual age in human-years would be about 46, average.

                          



		TWIN TROUBLE
		     by Dastardly Dave


"Johnny!" I heard Mom yell, "Get your butt out to the barn
and do your chores.  I'm going over to Mrs. Johnson's for a bit.  
I'll be back about four-thirty.  Make sure Janie gathers the eggs
and feeds the chickens, too."
"Okay, Mom, where's Dad?"
"He went to town after feed. He'll be back after dark, Why?"
"He said we would go fishing in the morning, and I wanted to
get my gear out of the truck to straighten it out," I answered.
"Well, you can do that tonight before you go to bed.  Now
hop to it!"

As Mom drove away in our old Ford, I went into the house.
"Janie!" I yelled, "Janie, Mom said to get your chores done
now."
My twin sister and I share a room in the attic of our small
farmhouse.  Dad says he is going to add on sometime so we can
each have our own room, but Janie and I don't mind sharing.  We
dress behind a curtain, so it's really okay with our parents.  
Being twins, Janie and I share everything, anyway.
Janie wasn't upstairs.  "Goofing off as usual," I muttered
to myself as I walked to the barn to get my work done.
By the way, I'm Johnny Watson.  My sister and I are fourteen
(just) and live in South Alabama.  There aren't any kids our age
living close to us, so we are best friends.  Being twins, I guess
that's natural anyway.
We tell each other everything; well, almost everything.
When we went to visit our Aunt Becky and Uncle Bob and our
cousins Tommy and Tish last summer, Tommy had let me have some of
his magazines that showed people fucking.  I kept them hidden in
the barn and didn't tell Janie about them.  I was too embarrassed
about what she would think.  I had peeked around the curtain and
watched her undress a few times and I had a feeling that she had
peeked at me as well, but we never talked about it.

I stopped in the door of the barn, enjoying the scent of the pine
sawdust we had spread throughout.  My footfalls were silent as I
walked down the center toward the feed bin.  I decided to look at
my fuckbooks for a minute first and went over to the stall where
I had hidden them.  I stopped when I heard sounds from inside.  I
bent down and peeked through a crack in the boards.  Boy was I
surprised!

My twin was inside, sitting on a bale of hay.  She had found my
magazines and was looking at one with her legs spread.  Her eyes
were wide as she looked on the sexy pictures, and as she turned
the page, I saw that she had one hand down the front of her
cutoff jeans, playing with her cunny.  She pulled her hand out as
I watched and unsnapped her shorts and pulled the zipper down,
folding the flaps back.  I could see her white, little-girl
panties.  She licked her middle finger and slid her hand back
into her panties.  I could tell she was rubbing her clit.

She tilted her head back in pleasure and the magazine slid off
her lap.  When she stood to pick it up, her shorts dropped to her
ankles.  She looked thoughtful for a moment, then looked around.  
I could see that the crotch of her panties were wet.  She stepped
out of her shorts and turned her back to me.  Her underwear was
stretched across the soft globes of her ass.  She picked up an
old horseblanket and spread it on the bale of hay.

My gorgeous sister turned back around and to my surprise, she put
her fingers in the waistband of her panties and shoved them down
to her ankles and stepped out of them, revealing her lovely cunt
to my feasting eyes.  I had not really seen her pussy since we
stopped taking baths together when we were about seven.  When I
peeked at her it was usually dark, so I couldn't see much.  She
sat back down and put her feet up on the edge of the
blanket-covered bale of hay, then spread her legs wide, giving me
a perfect view of her virgin pussy.

My twin licked her fingers again and returned them to her crotch,
spreading the lips and showing me her clit and hole.  I had
recently noticed hair starting to grow around my dick and I saw
that it was matched by soft, downy hair lining her little slit.  
Her eyes flew across the pages of pictures and her hand flew
across her shiny clit and vulva.  She grunted softly as she
stimulated herself and I noticed moisture developing around her
hole, soon bubbling with fluids that dribbled down the crack of
her ass to collect on the blanket beneath her.

Her fingers flew faster and faster across her center of pleasure
until finally, the book slipped to the floor again.  She closed
her eyes, arched her back and started to cum.  Juices poured from
her tiny hole as her hand raked from her little brown wrinkled
backdoor up to the top of her slit and back again.  She was
trying to be quiet, but a keening whine escaped her lips as she
enjoyed her orgasm.  She finally collapsed and I saw her cum
still leaking from her and puddling on the blanket.

She was breathing hard so I took the opportunity to slip quietly
from the barn.  I ran back up to the house and slammed the door.

"JANIE," I yelled. "Where are you?  We've got work to do!"

I walked slowly back to the barn, giving her time to get dressed
and cover her tracks.  When I got to the barn, she was in the
feed bin, filling the chickenfeed bucket.  Her face was red and I
could see that the flush extended down to cover her chest.

"Oh, there you are.  Mom went to Mrs. Johnson's and said for us
to do our chores.  What'cha been doing?" I asked.

"Oh, nothing.  Just getting the chickenfeed ready," she
responded.

"Well, scoot!" I told her and popped her on the butt as she
passed.

"Alright, you," she said with a grin.  "What's the matter, you
trying to get rid of me?"

"Not really.  What makes you ask that?"

Oh, nothing."  She tossed her hair saucily and pranced out.  I
watched the sway of her developing hips as she walked out of the
barn.  I went over to the door of the stall where my books were
hidden and waited till I saw her turn back to watch out of the
corner of my eye before I went in.  I quickly pulled out the
horseblanket and unfolded it.  The puddle of juice she had
created was still evident.  I put it to my nose and inhaled,
smelling the sweet scent of her spend.  I folded it back and
returned it, then reached into my hiding place and pulled out the
book she had been looking at.

I sat on the same bale she had used and started looking at the
book.  I was listening intently and heard a soft shuffling from
outside.  I had figured that she would try to sneak a peek at me
since she had seen me come into the stall where the books were.  
I copied her movements by putting my hand in my shorts as I
looked at the pictures.  I bent my head down and looked through
my eyelashes to see my twin in the same position I had occupied,
gazing through a crack in the boards.

I unsnapped my shorts and unzipped them as she had hers,
reaching inside to jack my dick.  My briefs were soaked with
precum from watching my sister masturbate.  I didn't want to make
her suspicious by copying her exactly, so I put the book down
instead of dropping it.  Then I turned and picked up the same
blanket she had used.  From the corner of my eye, I could see her
look worried, but she relaxed when I unfolded it so the opposite
side from where she had deposited her fluids was up.  Then I
turned back and shoved my pants and underwear down and plopped on
the blanket.

Janie gasped audibly as she saw my erect cock for the first time.  
I picked up the book and held it in one hand as I slid my fist up
and down my 7" rod, enjoying the knowledge that my twin was
watching me jack off.  I didn't even look at the pictures, but
watched Janie through the fingers holding the porno mag.  Her
eyes were wide and she licked her lips occasionally as she gazed
at my cock.  Finally I dropped the book and lay back with my eyes
closed, except that I continued to watch my twin through slits.

My hand slid faster and faster up and down my dick, precum
bubbling from the tip to lubricate my efforts.  Then I felt the
familiar tingling between my legs as my orgasm neared.  I slowed
my hand to make it last longer and put my other hand between my
legs to fondle my balls.  Suddenly, I felt the pleasure build and
went back to jacking my shaft furiously.  I squeezed my dick
tightly as I felt the pressure build, then the cum blasted from
the tip, shooting across the narrow stall to hit just above the
crack my sister was peering through.  She was startled, not
realizing what it meant for a guy to cum and drew back, but
quickly replaced her eyes to the crack.

Jet after jet of spunk blasted from my cock, but none so powerful
as the first.  I grunted heavily as I came, finally collapsing as
the final offerings dribbled from the end of my dick.  I
continued to secretly watch my twin.  The glob of sperm that had
hit the wall slid down till it was dangling in the crack.  Janie
looked at me carefully to be sure my eyes were still closed, then
snaked an finger into the crack and scooped up my cum.  I saw her
rub it between her fingers, then lift it to her nose to smell it.  
I watched, entranced, as she then extended her tongue to her
fingers to taste it.  I was thrilled!  My twin was eating my cum!
She must have found it not too unpleasant, for she then put her
fingers in her mouth and sucked them clean.  I opened my eyes and
reached for a rag to clean up with and saw a flash as my twin
disappeared from the crack in the boards.  I knew this was going
to be a fun summer!

That evening when Dad got home, I got all my fishing gear out of
the truck.  I hadn't used it in a long time, so it was a mess.  
After supper, I spread it out on the livingroom floor to sort and
clean it.  I was sitting on the floor with my legs spread when
Janie came in and flopped on the couch across from me.  She put
her knees up with her heels on the edge of the cushion and began
to read one of her romance novels.  Mom called them 'trash', but
let her read them anyway.

I glanced up at my twin occasionally and caught her looking at me
over her book.  She always dropped her eyes back to the book, but
I noticed that each time, a blush infused her cheeks.  I knew she
was thinking about what she had seen that day.  I watched her
through my eyelashes and the next time I saw her watching, I
lifted my eyes to stare at her crotch.  Her cutoffs were
stretched tightly across her pussy and buns, and the edge of her
panties were visible peeking out in the back and a good half inch
of pantie was showing on each side of her crotch seam.  Knowing
she was watching me look at her pussy, I shifted uncomfortably
and reached down to reposition my growing shaft.  This let her
know she had given me a hardon.  I glanced up at her face and
caught her eyes.  Our gazes locked for an instant and I could
tell she was pleased at my reaction.

Dad and I got up very early the next morning to go fishing.  I
took my shower and climbed back up to our room in my robe.  The
sun was just coming up, so I don't think Janie realized that her
figure was silhouetted against the curtain that separated our
beds as she peeked around at me.  I took off my robe and gave her
a little show, stretching to the low ceiling, then touching my
toes a few times, then doing a few deep knee bends while facing
her, letting her gaze at my dangling cock.  I was starting to get
hard, so I turned and quickly stepped into my briefs and finished
dressing.  She disappeared from the curtain.

I walked to the door and opened it then closed it and stood
quietly.  I heard rustling noises and slipped over to the other
end of the curtain and peeked in.  She had her eyes closed but I
could see movement under the sheet that told me she was playing
with her pussy again.

I stepped back over to the door and opened it, mumbling to myself
as though I had lost something, then left for real.

Dad and I had a good day fishing and when we got back about 2:00,
Dad let me out and I took the fish to the cleaning table in the
backyard and got them ready for the freezer, keeping four nice
cats out for supper.  Dad was going on over to the Johnson's to
talk about loaning them our prize bull, Samson.  I put the
catfish in the fridge and the rest in the freezer.  Mom's car was
gone, so I figured she and Janie had gone shopping.

I wandered down to the barn to look at my books again.  As I
entered, I saw that Janie was at the other end, leaning on the
windowsill and looking out.  I snuck up behind her and grabbed
her waist, growling like a bear.  She jumped, screamed and spun
around.

"You TURD!  Don't DO that to me you TURKEY!"

"I guess that makes me a turkey turd, huh?  What'cha looking at?"

"Oh, just watching Samson aggravate one of the cows," she
replied, turning back around, her forearms on the sill and her
nubile butt thrust back at me.  I leaned against her and put one
arm one each side of her with my hands on the sill and my head
next to hers.

We watched as Samson walked around and around the cow, nuzzling
and snorting.  Finally, the bull went behind the cow and tried to
mount her, failing several times as the cow coquettishly moved
forward.  He tried again and was successful, using his forelegs
and hooves to move further up on her back.  My twin gasped as
Samson's penis unsheathed itself.  About a foot extended and it
was as big around as my arm.  Boy, what a cock that one had.  He
scooted a bit further up and drove the massive rod into the cow's
waiting cavity and humped.  We could see more and more of his
long dick plunge into her waiting vagina.  The cow bawled loudly
as she was penetrated.

My dick was getting hard from watching and from being pressed
against my twin's shapely butt.  As she shifted her weight from
one foot to the other, she rubbed against me.  I was sure she
could feel my rod pressing into her asscheeks.

"They sure seem to be enjoying themselves, don't they?" I
whispered in her ear.  She just nodded and shifted her weight
again, moving even tighter against me.

She turned toward me and asked in a husky voice, "Have you ever
done that with a girl?"

"Not yet, but I sure want to.  Have you?"

She shook her head and went back to watching.  Samson was really
driving that tool in and out now.  Janie started pressing back
against me, unconsciously matching the bull's strokes as he
fucked the cow.

Suddenly, Samson froze on the cow's back, his long rod fully
embedded.  The muscles on his back rippled and he snorted loudly
several times.  After a minute or so, he dropped off her back,
pulling his long dick out of her.

"Oh, my God!" my twin exclaimed as she saw the full length of his
cock for the first time.  "Look at the size of that thing!"  The
bull's dick was dragging the ground and at least four feet was
visible.

I turned my face to hers and whispered in her ear, "I've got some
books that have pictures of people doing that.  Wanna see'em?"

She nodded and her voice was even huskier as she said, "Yesssss!"

I took her by the hand and led her back to the stall where they
were hidden.  I got the horseblanket out and spread it on the
bales of hay, then sat down.  "You know where they are, go ahead
and get'em!"

She spun toward me and said, "Whaaaat?  How did you know?"

"Cause I sneaked in yesterday and watched you look at them."

"YOU RAT! YOU PEEKED ON ME!"

"Yep, and if I'm a rat then you are too, cause I knew you were
peeking on me and saw you lick my cum off your fingers.  And I
saw you watching me get dressed this morning and I know you
played with your pussy after, too."

Her face flushed with embarrassment as she remembered what she
had done and what I had seen her doing.  "I guess we're even,
then, huh?"

I agreed with a grin and she reached into the hiding place and
pulled out the books.  I spread my legs and told her to sit
between them so we could look at the magazines together.  She
picked up the first one, but laid it aside because she had
already seen it.  She got the next one, opened it and leaned back
against me.  I could feel the warmth of her body against mine and
put my arms around her and interlaced my fingers on her tummy.

The first picture was of a young girl lying on a bed with her
legs spread.  Her hands were in her panties and she was obviously
enjoying herself.  Janie turned the page and the girl was pulling
her panties off.  On the next page she had her knees up, her legs
spread and was playing with her pussy.

"That sure looks familiar," I breathed into my twin's ear.

"Shhhhh," she said, a blush covering her face.

"Why?" I asked. "It was beautiful!"

"Cause I'm embarrassed that you saw me!"

"Well, you saw me do the same thing, didn't you?"

"That doesn't make any difference!"

"Well, I'd sure like to see you do it again!  Wouldn't you?"

She paused, then nodded.  I moved my hands up to the top button
of her shirt and unbuttoned it.  Hearing no protest, I continued
till the shirt fell open.  She wasn't wearing a bra and my hands
came up and brushed across her nipples.  She moaned.  I cupped
the soft mounds of her breasts and squeezed gently, dragging my
thumbs back and forth across the points.  She closed her eyes and
let her head fall back, licking her lips and sighing.  I pinched
her nipples lightly and kneaded her tits a bit longer, then put
my hands on her waist and pushed her up and turned her around to
face me.

I unsnapped her shorts as she let her shirt fall from her
shoulders.  I slowly let down the zipper until the pants fell to
the floor.  She stepped out of them.  I leaned forward and placed
my lips on her right nipple, sucking it into my mouth and chewing
gently.  She groaned and pulled my head tighter against her as
she stood there dressed only in pink panties and her tennis
shoes.  I drew back and put my hands on her waist, rolling the
panties down bit by bit.  The soft swell of her tummy was
uncovered first.  I kissed her navel and ran my tongue in, then
continued to roll her panties downward.  I gasped as I got my
first close-up look at the puffy little slit, soft downy hair
sprouting from the center.

"Oh, baby, it's so beautiful!" I exclaimed.  She looked pleased.

Finally, I drew the frilly pink garment all the way down so she
was fully exposed to me.  Her vulva was enticing, with just a
hint of moisture in the center of the slit.  My twin stepped out
of her panties and stood before me as I gazed in admiration.  I
leaned forward and planted a kiss on her fine little pussy.

"That tickles!" she giggled.  "Now you stand up."  I did as I was
instructed and she hurriedly stripped off my shirt and fumbled
with my belt buckle.  Her hands were shaking as she finally
released it and unsnapped my jeans.  She dropped to her knees and
pulled them down, staring at the bulge in my briefs.  Her tongue
darted around her lips as her hands grasped the waistband and
pulled them down.  She gasped as the turgid head of my cock was
revealed.  When the briefs reached my knees, her hands reached up
to fondle my dick.  She moved her head in close and examined it.

"It's so hard," Janie whispered.  "I can feel your heartbeat in
it!"

My twin studied it a bit longer, then I put my hands under her
shoulders and drew her up and hugged her, crushing her budding
breasts against my chest.  I could feel the pointy little nipples
stabbing me as I ran my hands down her back and into the crack of
her cute little ass, squeezing her fabulous globes.  I pulled her
against me harder and could feel my cock rubbing the soft mound
of her cunt.  She ground against me as I kissed her deeply.

At first, she didn't open her mouth, but my tongue dancing on her
lips soon parted them to allow entrance.  She had very little
experience with boys and I figured I was probably the first to
introduce her to French kissing.  She learned quickly and soon
out tongues were darting madly around each other.  She began to
hump her crotch against me, my dick sliding up and down her slit,
almost scraping her little clittie.

I sat back down on the blanket-covered haybale and told Janie to
sit in my lap so we could look at the magazines some more.  She
turned around and started to comply, but I stopped her and told
her to spread her legs a little before she sat.  She complied and
as she came down, I directed the head of my prick between her
lovely legs so that when she came to rest, my cock was resting in
the furrow of her slit.

She looked down between her legs to see my cock sticking up.  
"Now it looks like I'm a boy with a thing sticking up down
there!" she giggled.

"Maybe, but a boy wouldn't have these beauties!" I replied as my
hands came up to enclose her soft breasts.  She reached down and
pressed the length of my dick harder into her slit until it was
lodged against her clit.  Below that, I could feel the heat of
her virgin pussy radiating against my cock as it was gripped by
her labia.

Janie picked up one of the porno mags and leaned back against my
chest, opening the book.  The first page showed a young boy and
girl walking down a city street hand-in-hand, looking into each
other's eyes lovingly.  The facing page had several pictures of
them getting into a van and driving away.  I guess the impression
was that they were on a date.  Janie quickly turned the page,
wanting to get to the good stuff.  The van was shown backing into
a scenic overlook, then the boy was opening the back doors.  The
van had a bed in the back and they were lying on it looking out
at the lights of the city.

Now the action was starting.  The pair were kissing and the boy
put his hand on the girl's breast, then reached inside her bra
and pulled the fleshy mound out and sucked the nipple.  The
girl's hand slid down the front of his pants to explore the bulge
there, then popped them open and exposed his cock.  The next page
showed the girl bent over his cock, about to bury it between her
lips as his hand went up her skirt and pulled down her lacy red
panties.

"Would you like for me to do that to you?" Janie asked me as she
turned to a photo that showed the guy's cock sunk to the hilt in
the young girl's throat.

"Oh, Yessssss!" I hissed as the next picture showed the couple
now in a classic 69 position with the boy on top, driving his
dick into her mouth.  Her legs were spread and his tongue was
darting all over her pussy and clit.

My twin moaned when she saw this and said, "OK, but only if
you'll do that to me!  She looks like she's really enjoying
it!"  She reached one hand down to our laps, fluttering her
fingers over my cock and sliding a finger down her slit to play
with her clit.  I grabbed the mag with one hand to help hold it
up and let my other join hers in our lap.  I encircled my dick
and jacked it once, drawing a vast load of precum to the top.  I
gathered the slickness on my finger, then pushed her hand out of
the way so I could deposit the lubrication on her pussy.  She
took hold of the book with both hands again and I added my free
hand to her little slit, spreading the lips wide.

She turned the page and gasped loudly at the picture of the boy.  
He had spread the girl's legs wide and rolled her back so her
legs were in the air, her shiny cunt spread wide.  He had
stiffened his tongue and had stuffed it in her pussy, his lip
raking her asshole as he tonguefucked her.  Janie squirmed in my
lap as I let my fingers slide down to the entrance to her virgin
hole.  My middle finger dipped in and I felt the hot wetness
inside her.  I let that finger slide further in until it bumped
against her cherry, burying it in her to the second knuckle.  Her
juices were really flowing as I fingerfucked my twin's searing
little cunt.

Janie let the book fall to the floor, forgotten, as she spread
her legs wider and put her heels on the edge of the haybale.  She
bounced up and down as my finger penetrated her unviolated
tunnel, grunting and keening with her breath now coming in gasps.

"Oh, Johnny, this feels so good.  It's wonderful!  Please eat me
like that guy did her.  I want you to put your tongue in me and
I'll suck you, too.  Pleeeeeeeeeeaaaaaasssssseeeeeeee!"

I picked my twin sister up, turned around and placed her on the
blanket with her shapely butt just on the edge.  I dropped to my
knees before her and placed her legs over my shoulders and gazed
into her crotch, shining slickly with her juices.  I put my hands
behind her knees and pushed until they were touching her budding
breasts.  Her pussy opened like a flower, the soft petals of
flesh folding back to reveal the hooded little clit and the
opening to her cunt.  I put my tongue at the end of the crack of
her ass and let it slide slowly forward, passing over her
wrinkled little pink backdoor, then across her cunt hole, finally
coming to rest on her tiny distended clit.  I sucked the nubbin
into my mouth and chewed gently on it, eliciting a scream of
pleasure from my twin.

Janie replaced my hands behind her knees with her own, spreading
herself even wider, so I reached up and pinched both of her erect
nipples lightly, rolling them between my fingers as I lapped at
her clit.  Then I put my hands under her cute little butt and
rocked her, dragging my tongue from her clit, down over the
dripping entrance to her love channel, back across her asshole.  
I rocked her back and forth for a while, her groans and moans
getting louder and louder, then finally wormed my tongue into
her hole and tonguefucked her like the guy in the picture.  Her
sweet juices flooded my face as I ate her out.

My twin sister grabbed her ankles and pulled her feet up beside
her head as I licked her pussy, thrashing her head side to side
and squealing.  I withdrew my tongue from her and replaced it
with my finger, again sliding it into her until it reached her
maidenhead.  I rolled it around in her little pussy, coating it
with her slick juice, then pulled it out and again plunged my
tongue into her.  Her hips were bucking as I tonguefucked her and
her slick fluids flowed out and down her crack, coating her sweet
little asshole.  I placed the tip of my finger at the entrance to
her bowels and as she bucked, let it gently slide into her
asshole.  Each time her hips thrust upward against my burrowing
tongue, my finger slipped into her ass a little more, until it
was embedded to the hilt.

I started rocking her again, letting my tongue flash furiously
over her clit on the downstroke and deeply into her pussy on the
upstroke.  The sphincter muscles gripping my finger relaxed as
her passions rose and soon my finger was sliding in and out of
her with each thrust.  When she started a long, high-pitched
scream, I knew she was reaching her peak and I clamped my lips on
her clit and sucked, my tongue dancing on the little bud as my
fingers wiggled in her pussy and asshole.

"Oh, God, Johnny, I'm gonna cum, it's cumming, oh, oh it's so
good, so good, here it cums, OH GOD, I'M
CCCCCCCCCUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMIIIIIINNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!"
she screamed.  Her asshole and pussy contracted on my fingers and
I felt a flood of her spend gushing from her.  As she peaked, I
withdrew my finger from her pussy and dipped my tongue back in,
lapping up my twin's cum as it poured from her, coating my face
and sliding down my throat.  It tasted wonderful!

Her beautiful 14-year-old body shivered and quivered as she came
down from her peak.  I gently let my finger slide from her
behind, then crawled up next to her and held her in my arms,
rubbing her back and cuddling her as she enjoyed the afterglow of
her first major orgasm.  After a while, she lifted her head from
my chest and looked at me with sparkling eyes.

"Oh, Johnny, thank you.  That was so wonderful!  You licking my
pussy was fantastic, but when you put your finger in my butt, I
thought I was gonna DIE! I've never felt anything so great!  Now
it's my turn to make you feel good.  I can't wait to taste your
cock!"

With that, she pushed me over on my back and scooted down so her
head was above my raging hardon.  Her long blonde hair framed her
face and draped across my cock.  She moved her head side to side
so her tresses brushed gently against me.  One little hand
reached down to cup my balls and squeezed gently, causing a
stream of precum to ooze from the tip of my dick.  She extended a
finger and scooped up the slick juice, leaving a trail extending
from her finger to my prick.  She looked up at me, then inserted
her finger in her mouth, sucking my juice from it.

"Mmmmmmmm, you taste good!  I want some more!" she said and
dropped her head down, engulfing my dick in her hot mouth.  The
slid her tongue down the underside until I was buried in her
throat, then eased back up to suck just the head, letting her
tongue flash around and around the glans.  I moaned loudly as she
paid glorious attention to my manhood.  My twin moved her head
over so she could slide both lips down the underside of my cock,
ending up with her mouth on my balls.  She licked and sucked for
a bit, then took both balls into her mouth, her tongue sliding
all over the sack.  She really seemed to be getting into what she
was doing, because she started humming happily.  The vibrations
almost caused me to cum right then and I squirmed in pleasure.  
She giggled at the discovery that humming increased the feeling
for me.

Janie let my balls slip from her mouth and ran her tongue down
further to caress and lap at my anus.  She licked the outer ring
of flesh, then burrowed her pointy little tongue into me.  My
sphincter relaxed and soon she was tonguefucking my asshole as
her hand jacked my dick.  I grabbed my legs and drew them to my
chest in an imitation of her former posture, giving her
taster better access to my asshole.

She brought her hands up to caress my balls again as her tongue
worked its way slowly from my rectum back up to the head of my
dick, where she again took me in her mouth and slid my rigid tool
down her throat.  I tangled my fingers in her hair as her head
bobbed on me.  Eating my twin sister's pussy while I fingerfucked
her tender asshole had my dick so hard I was ready to explode.

Janie stiffened her tongue as she drew her mouth off my rod, then
tried to bury it in the sensitive hole in the tip.  Precum
stretched and glistened in a long stream that led from the tip of
her pointy tongue, back to the swollen glans.  She dipped her
head back down, her hair tickling my scrotum.  The gleaming
strand of lubricating fluid stayed intact as she bobbed her head,
playing with it.  She even moved her head in a circle, spinning
it like a jumprope!  Her finger came down and her other hand
encircled my engorged dick, then she jacked her hand upward,
drawing a flood of precum from me.  It rolled down the underside
of my shaft, coating her fingers and covering my balls.

My twin put her lips back on my tool and enveloped me, sliding
her head down slowly till her nose was buried in the sparse hair
surrounding the base.  Her head rose, her tongue dancing on the
underside.  I arched my hips in exquisite pleasure, collapsing as
she dropped and sucked me in again.  Twice more she bobbed, and
on the final stroke, I could feel the muscles in the back of her
throat contracting and milking the head.  I felt my orgasm
drawing near.  I wasn't sure what Janie would think if I came in
her mouth, but to be honest, I didn't really give it much
thought.  The tingling is my balls was familiar, but it quickly
passed the level I had attained by looking at the fuckbooks and
masturbating.

I could feel the pleasure climbing, and climbing.  My scrotum
contracted in preparation for the explosive release of cum.  Just
as the first blast entered her mouth, Jane placed a finger at the
entrance to my asshole and pushed, driving it steadily inward
with the palm side up.  I thought the top of my head would blow
off!  As the second gob of sperm flashed up my cock, Janie curled
the finger in my rectum slightly, pressing against my prostate
and bringing the intensity of my pleasure to an even higher
plateau.

As the cum boiled from the end of my dick, my sweet twin sister
swallowed mightily, the muscles in her throat rippling as she
milked the juice and drank it down.  Her mouth slid back up my
shaft and I saw her cheeks bulge as I filled her mouth with my
spend.  My back was arched as I fucked her face and I saw small,
white, pearly drops of cum escape around her lips.  The sensation
I was enjoying seemed to burn in my brain and my vision narrowed
until all I could see was my sister's lips clamped on my prick as
she sucked me.

Finally, I collapsed, my bright red cock slipping from Janie's
mouth.  She crawled up next to me and kissed me.  I could taste
the salty flavor of my cum, mixed with the lingering flavor of
her sweet little virgin pussy still on my lips.  I couldn't wait
to see what we would try next!


CHAPTER TWO
                      

 The heat was about to get to me, so I stepped outside
the barn door to cool off.  Dad and I had been restacking the
hay to make room for more that would soon be ready for
cutting.  Our South Alabama school had been out for a couple
of weeks and it had been over a week since I watched my twin,
Janie, masturbate while looking at my porno magazine I had
gotten from our cousin.  Later I had licked her little virgin
pussy and she had sucked my cock till I flooded her mouth
with my cum.

I wiped my head with my handkerchief, then closed
my eyes and leaned my head back to catch the slight breeze.  
I heard giggling above me and opened my eyes just in time to
see a red blob coming at my face.  The water balloon crashed
into me, drenching my front.

 Gales of laughter rang out as I choked and sputtered.
"You looked like you could use some cooling off!" Kristen
Johnson laughed from above.  "We've been waiting up here for
an hour to do that!"  My twin was laughing so hard she could
hardly breathe, holding her sides as she giggled.

 "You should have seen the look on your face!" she
gasped.  "Oh, I wish I had a camera now!"

 "Alright, you two, you asked for it and now you're going
to get it!" I shouted and ran into the barn to climb the
ladder into the loft.  Kristen had come over with her dad,
who was negotiating with our father for the services of our
prize bull, Samson.  Dad knew he was going to agree and so
did Mr. Johnson, but they liked to draw it out over several
weeks of conversations.  Dad and Mr. Johnson had walked down
to the lower pasture to look at Samson and talk about it.

 I scrambled up the ladder to the loft and when my head
appeared through the opening, I was pelted with more water
balloons.  The girls had a box filled with them and were
launching more at me as I approached.  I tackled them both,
rolling them over in the hay, then straddled their nubile
bodies.  Kristen was only 11, but she was sexy looking in her
cutoff jeans and tight white t-shirt, curly, strawberry blond
hair framing her cute face.  I reached back and grabbed the
box of water balloons.  The girls struggled to get away,
squealing in anticipation of being drenched.

 Instead of smashing a balloon on them, I grabbed their
hands, then took one balloon and bit the end of it, creating
a thin stream of water.  I played it like a hose, squirting
them in the face as they thrashed around.  Trying to escape,
little Kristen rolled on her back, her budding breasts
stretching the fabric of her t-shirt.  I aimed the stream of
water down her neck and on to her chest.  I drew a circle
around her left nipple, then let the stream dance on the
nubbin.  The cotton material became transparent and I could
see the little ridges and bumps decorating her nip as it
became erect and strained outward.  Kristen and Janie both
stopped struggling as they realized the mood had changed.

 My cock was straining against my briefs and becoming
uncomfortable, but I didn't want to break the mood.  I
trained the stream across the shallow valley between her
budding breasts and up to the other nipple, drenching and
revealing it as well.  Kristen's eyes widened as she felt the
pressure of the cold water on her soft mounds.  She licked
her lips and looked up at me as I stared at her wet front.  I
saw her eyes drop to the bulge in my pants as my cock
strained for release.  Dust from the hay settled on Kristen's
shirt, sticking to the damp fabric.  Janie was staring at my
cock, licking her lips hungrily, then reached for a water
balloon and bit a hole in it, letting the water stream down
her chin, soaking the front of her t-shirt, revealing her
breasts to my gaze as well.  My balls stirred as I beheld the
sight of four nubile nipples pointing at me.

 The balloon I held was now empty, so I dropped it.  I
could stand the strain no longer and put my hand on my turgid
rod and shifted it to a more comfortable position, the eyes
of both sweet little girls following my movements.  The
hayloft was quiet as we looked at each other.  Kristen
reached out one finger and touched my dick through my pants,
running her digit up and down it wonderingly.  "Can I see
it?" she whispered huskily.

 I nodded my head and said, "Take it out."

 Her tiny hand reached up and unsnapped my jeans, then
pulled the zipper down.  Janie grabbed one flap and pulled it
back while her friend pulled the other side.  My leaking cock
and made a wet spot on the front of my briefs and Kristen
touched it, feeling the slickness before she started tugging
at the elastic waistband.  She gasped as she revealed the
head of my dick, pulsating with passion.  She wanted to see
more, so she quickly pulled both sides down, until my rod was
fully exposed.  She sighed and closed her little hand around
it, causing more precum to ooze from the tip.  She caught the
juice on a finger and lifted it to her lips, licking it off.

 My twin grinned up at me as she watched her friend
fondle my dick.  I reached down and pinched her nipples
lightly.  She pulled her wet shirt up to expose her tits,
nipples distended from the stimulation.  Kristen's eyes
widened again as she watched Janie expose herself to me, then
copied her by pulling her shirt up as well.  I lifted myself
off the little darlings bodies and kneeled beside Kristen's
head so she could examine my cock closer.  My hand went to
the soft swell of her developing right breast and cupped it.  
She closed her eyes and moaned softly.

 "Oooooo, that feels good!" she said. "Squeeze harder!"

 "You're making my dick feel good, too!" I told her.
"Have you ever done this before?"  I rubbed my thumb roughly
across her little nipples.

 "I saw my brother naked once, playing with himself, but
I've never touched one before.  It's so hard and soft at the
same time!"

 "Do you want to do more stuff?"

 "Like what?" she asked nervously.

 "Let's take all our clothes off and I'll show you."

 She looked at Janie with fear in her eyes.  "I don't
know..."

 Janie hugged her and said, "It's okay, he won't hurt you
and I know he can make you feel really good!  It'll be our
secret and I'll get naked with you.  We'll show you how to
play with yourself.  You're gonna love it, Okay?"

 "Weeeeeeelllll, I guess so, but you have to promise not
to tell anyone!"

 "We promise!" my twin and I said together.

 I sat back on a bale of hay and lifted the child to
stand in front of me, hugging her to me.  I extended my
tongue and licked at her exposed nipples, then pulled her
tighter to me and suckled at them.  Her hands went to the
back of my head and held me tightly as my tongue lapped at
her breasts.  I drew back and took the hem of her shirt and
lifted, drawing it over her head and off.  Janie immediately
shed her shirt, then grabbed mine and pulled it over my head,
so we were all nude from the waist up.  Janie came closer and
we joined in a group hug, our damp chests meeting.  I bent my
head and pressed my lips to Kristen's, extending my tongue
into her mouth.  Her teeth were clenched, but after a moment,
she parted them and experienced a french kiss for the first
time.  She relaxed in our arms and allowed her tongue to duel
with mine.

 While we kissed, my twin sister stood up and dropped her
shorts and panties, only keeping her tennis shoes on.  As we
broke from our kiss, Kristen smiled and looked at Janie's
naked form, her eyes resting on the tiny patch of soft blonde
hair lining her virgin slit.

 "Oh, you've got hair down there!  I don't have any yet,"
she said jealously.

 "Let's see," I said and put my hands on the snap to her
shorts.  I unsnapped them, then slowly pulled down the
zipper, revealing light yellow panties decorated with panda
bears.  I pulled her shorts down and they fell to her ankles.  
There was a damp spot between her legs and I could see the
sheer fabric caught in her little slit.  I put my hands on
her cute little behind and drew her closer, planting kisses
on the slightly protruding belly, still swelled with the last
of her babyfat.

 "That tickles!" she giggled.  "But it's a nice tickle!"

 I squeezed the chubby cheeks of her ass as I nuzzled my
way downward, till my nose was buried in the crotch of her
damp panties.  I inhaled the sweet, slightly pissy odor from
her little-girl underwear.  Finally, I hooked my fingers in
the waistband and slowly drew the frilly yellow garment
downward.  Her virgin pubic mound was devoid of hair as she
had said.  The top of her little slit peeked at me as the
panties moved lower.  I kissed her pubis and ran my tongue
into the top of her hairless little slit.  She giggled again.

 I stood up and let my jeans and briefs fall to my
ankles, stepping out of them.  I took my t-shirt and hers and
spread them on the layer of haybales I had been sitting on.  
She stepped out of her shorts and panties as I turned her
around and sat her on the shirts.  I kneeled in front of her
to pay homage to her innocent pussy.  Picking her legs up, I
spread them wide and planted the heels on the edge of the
haybale.  The lips of her pink slit unfolded, the puffy labia
glistening with moisture from within, revealing her hooded
little clitoris.  Unable to resist, I dropped my head to her
lap and ran my tongue into her tiny opening, wiggling it in
deeper and deeper.  She squirmed and moaned softly.

 Not to be left out, Janie got down in front of me and
enveloped my dick in her mouth.  I fucked my twin's face as
my tongue came up to encircle the protruding little clit
before me.  The child shivered and shook as I stimulated her
little nubbin.  Janie was lying on her side in front of me as
she sucked my prick deep into her throat.  I reached down and
spread her legs, running my middle finger into her slit.  Her
pussy was already wet, so I slid the finger into her pussy
until I felt it met an obstruction.  I curled the finger so
that as I stroked it in and out, it ran repeatedly over her
inflamed clitoris, slickened by the juices beginning to flow
from her virgin hole.

 Kristen's barely widening hips writhed under the
ministrations of my tongue flicking her clit.  She put her
hands behind her knees and pulled her legs to her chest,
opening herself even wider for me.  Her bald mound gleamed in
the soft light of the hayloft as she experienced supreme
pleasure for the first time.  The 11-year-old child was
building to her first orgasm, her lovely little butt now
bucking into my face as I delved my tongue deeply into her
cunt.  I put my other hand on the hairless mound and let my
thumb slide onto her clit as I fucked her with my taster.

 Janie's pussy was attempting to suck my finger
completely inside her and I had to be careful not to
penetrate too deeply and pierce her maidenhead.  Her lips
were clamped on my cock and her head bobbed as she ate my
dick, her tongue flashing around and around the glans,
causing me to groan in pleasure.  I withdrew my finger from
my twin's hole and replaced it with my thumb.  The middle
finger coated with her sweet fluids I let slide back to her
rectum and gently enter, drilling in to the second knuckle.

 Kristen was nearly at her peak, so I slipped my other
middle finger down to penetrate her pussy until it hit her
cherry.  I put the flat of my tongue on her clit and licked
in long, slow strokes as I fingerfucked her.  Her body went
wild as her first ever orgasm began to overtake her, her
sphincter clenching on my finger and fluids flooding out of
her virgin hole.

 I now had a finger in my sister's behind, one in her
pussy and my thumb massaging her clit as she started to cum
in my hand.  Her head bobbed faster on my prick and I could
feel the cum boiling in my balls.  Kristen reached the edge
and went over, screaming as she came in my mouth, sweet
juices pouring into my mouth and down my throat as I
swallowed her virgin spend.  Janie began moaning from her own
climax and the sound vibrated through my rod sunk deep in her
throat.  Her cum puddled in my palm as the first blast of
sperm shot from my dick and hit the back of her throat.  
My finger flew faster and faster in and out of her hot
little pussy as her friend came in my mouth.  My twin
screamed on my cock at the last and her cunt clamped down
on my digit as though she never wanted it to leave her
hole.  She swallowed my cum and the contractions of her
throat muscles on my cock intensified the feeling in my balls
and shot after shot of juice blasted from me.

 Kristen's body shivered and shook in the aftermath of
her first orgasm.  I fell back on my haunches, my dick
slipping from my sister's mouth.  I crawled up beside Kristen
and hugged her naked body to mine gently.  Janie joined us on
the bales of hay and we all rested in each other's arms.  As
she eased herself up, I noticed that my twin was moving
carefully, as though sore.

"What's the matter, sis, did I hurt you?" I asked.  She
just nodded and collapsed beside us.  "I'm sorry!" I
exclaimed. "I didn't mean to!"  I felt tears well up in my
eyes at the thought of hurting her.  My twin was the other
half of me and I had always protected her from harm and now I
had hurt her without intention.

 "Shhhhhhh, it's ok, I'll be fine.  You were just a
little rough there at the end with your finger.  It's just as
much my fault as it is yours."

 I wanted to cut off the offending finger.  I lifted my
hand to look at it and was shocked to see blood.  I was
terrified! "Oh my God, sis, you're bleeding! I really hurt
you! I'm so sorry!"

 "I said Shush! It had to happen sometime.  It happens to
all girls."

 I was confused.  "What do you mean?  Oh, no, you don't
mean I..."

 "Yes, brother dear, you popped my cherry with your
finger, and I'm glad that it's over with!  If you're so
worried about it, why don't you kiss it and make it all
better?"

 Anxious to make amends, I scrambled down between my
sweet sister's legs and spread them gently.  There was a
slight tinge of pink around the opening to her vulva.  With a
sob, I lowered my head and kissed her on the clit.  During
this exchange, Kristen had propped herself up on one arm and
watched us.  As I extended my tongue to begin my loving
ministrations, she looked over at Janie.

 "Does this mean you're not a virgin anymore?"  she asked.

 "Well, kinda, but it really won't be official until he
puts his cock all the way inside me and fucks me."

"Are you going to let him do THAT?" the child asked,
wide-eyed.

 "There's no reason not to.  He's licked my pussy and had
a finger up my butt and I've sucked his dick till he shot off
in my mouth twice now, so next, I want to feel what it's like
to have my pussy full of his dick."

 "Ooooooooo, that sounds like fun!  I really liked him
licking my clitty, but I'd like to feel that too!"

 "We'll see.  You may be still too young, but if you play
with your cunt, you might stretch it enough to get it in.  
But I warn you, it's gonna hurt some when you lose your
cherry!  It only lasts for a second, though, kinda like
getting a bad shot.  You always think it's gonna hurt more
than it does, then it's over."

 As engrossed as I was in licking my twin's damaged cunt,
I still heard her say that she wanted me to fuck her, and
then to top it off, Kristen wanted me to pop her cherry, too!
I was surrounded by fuckable cunt and I was finally going to
get to fuck some of it.  I almost came again just at the
thought of it!

CHAPTER THREE
 
 After I popped my twin Janie's cherry with my finger, we
knew it wouldn't be very long before I would sink my hard
cock into her steamy little pussy.  But it was longer than we
thought it would be.  We had several weeks of hay cutting,
raking, curing, baling and hauling to get in and at the end
of each day we were too tired to try anything but falling
into bed.
 Our only relief came as we were riding in to the barn on
top of the hay in the truck.  We would stack several bales
up, creating a hole to shield from prying eyes.  The trip was
only a few minutes, so we couldn't do much, but I would jerk
Janie's shorts down and tongue her almost hairless pussy till
she came in my mouth; and on the next trip in, she would suck
my cock down her throat and tongue me till I filled her
little belly with my boyjuice.  This provided a release, but
we were both still looking forward to the real thing.
 We got a big scare one day and thought we were done
for.  Our family owned several hayfields away from the
homestead and the route back from one of them was a dirt
road that took us along the river and under a bridge.  The
bridge was for a lightly-traveled county road, and it never
occurred to us that anyone would be on it walking.
 The road was rough, so Dad was driving very slowly.  As
soon as we got on the road from the hayfield, Janie and I
built our hole in the hay and stripped off our shorts and t-
shirts and immediately fell into a 69 position.  We were both
extremely horny and the trip back from this field was longer
than usual, so we figured we had plenty of time to eat each
other and enjoy a mutual cum in each other's mouths.  But we
forgot about the bridge.  I was on top with my tongue buried
in my sister's slick pussy when we were suddenly covered by a
shadow.  I looked up and realized it was just the truck
passing under the bridge, so I dropped my head back to the
shiny reddened slit under me.  Then, as we passed from under
the bridge, I heard peals of girlish laughter, then felt
something hitting my bare back and ass.
 Not thinking, I rolled off Janie to see who was throwing
pebbles at me.  My stiff cock slid from Janie's lips as she
looked up in confusion and my rod bounced in the bright
sunlight.  I looked up to see Kristen Johnson and three other
little girls leaning over the guardrail, pointing at Janie
and me and laughing.  The smallest girl covered her eyes, but
I could see she was still peeking between them with a grin on
her face.  The tallest girl looked to be a couple of years
older than Kristen, maybe 13.  She looked down at me,
brushing her long, black hair from her pretty face, licked
her lips and smiled.
 I started scrambling to get my clothes back on, but
Janie put her hand on my arm.  "Don't worry," she calmed me.  
"That was Kristen and her cousins.  They won't tell."  I
asked her how she knew that for sure, but she just said not
to worry and to get my tongue back in her cunt where it
belonged.  I figured if we were caught or not didn't matter
at that point and went back to tongue-fucking my twin's pussy
till she creamed in my mouth.  Then she rolled me over on my
back and straddled me, placing the puffy lips of her pussy
right on my cock, pressed against my belly.  She slid her
body back and forth, pressing her pussy down on me as it
gripped my dick.
 A few times, she slid far enough back that the head of
my cock was pressing on her little clit, just in front of her
hole.
 "I want to be in your pussy!  Put it in!  I want to fuck
you right now!" I told her between clenched teeth.  But she
just shook her head and smiled.
 "Oh, no you don't, mister!" she replied. "When you fuck
ME for the first time, it's going to be where we have plenty
of time, not just a quickie on the back of the haytruck.  
Just enjoy what you've got for now."
 She slid her pussylips up and down on my shaft a few
more times, then slid down and took it in her mouth again.  
She ran her tongue around and around the glans, then up and
down the underside before engulfing it and letting it plunge
deep into her throat.  I felt her muscles stroking me as she
bobbed her head up and down, until I could feel the jism
starting to stir from my balls.  I started bucking my dick
into my twin's face as I began my orgasm.  Janie recognized
the signs and at that moment started to hum as she ate me.  
This increased the pleasure I was getting from her hot little
mouth and I had to grab my t-shirt and stuff it in my mouth
to muffle the moans coming from me as my cum jetted into her
throat.  She swallowed my cum several times, but the load was
so big that white pearls escaped her lips and ran down her
chin.
 Finally, she released my cock from her mouth and sat
back on her haunches, her fluids glistening wetly on her
thighs as her cunt winked at me.  She raised her hand to her
face and collected my spend from her chin.  She rubbed the
globules of sperm between her fingers, examining the texture.
 "I love it when you're so horny!" she grinned at me.
"Then when I suck you, it's like a mid-morning snack!  I love
the taste of your cum!"  And she put her fingers in her mouth
and licked off the cum.  We felt the truck as it went over
the cattle guard in our back pasture, so we knew we were
close to the barn.  We got dressed quickly and were safe when
Dad backed into the barn.  It was noon, so we left the
unloading until after lunch and went on up to the house to
wash up.
 Mom knew that we wouldn't want a heavy lunch when we had
more hay to haul, so she a sandwich buffet set up on the
porch, with iced tea and lemonade to drink.  We fixed the
sandwiches and sat around the picnic table on the porch,
scarfing down the grub.
 I was well into my second and making a third sandwich
when Mom said, "Janie, Tish called this morning.  Tommy is
off at summer camp for two weeks and she wants you to come
visit for a week, then she'll come stay with you for a week.  
I think she's really lonely and misses her brother.  What do
you think?"
 "Yeah, I want to go!"  Janie exclaimed.  "I wouldn't
want to live in the city, but it's sure fun to visit.  
Especially when you have a cousin to show you around all the
neat places.  It'll be great!"
    Mom touched Dad on the arm. "Jim, would it cause you too
much trouble not to have Janie to help get the hay in?"
    "Nah, Johnny and I can finish what I've already got baled
today, then we'll let it rest until the girls get here next
week.  Tish can help us get it in then.  Johnny can help out
with her chores while she's gone, but the rest of the time he
can goof off, too," Dad said as he turned to me.  "Go
fishing every day if you want to, or swimming or whatever."
 I was disappointed at Janie being gone to the city,
leaving me to do all the work, but then having most of every
day for a week without any field work would be great, too.  
Besides, I knew I could look forward to Janie's return and
the fun of really fucking her for the first time.  My dick
started to get hard just thinking about it.
 It would be a three hour drive into the city, so Janie
dashed upstairs to pack, shouting that she didn't have a
thing to wear.  Dad sighed and pulled out his wallet, looking
in resignedly.
 "I KNEW it would do no good to sell those steers
yesterday.  Every time I sell a couple extra, something
crawls in my wallet and gets it.  Here, son.  Take this to
your sister and tell her to spend it on clothes she'll still
be able to wear to school in the fall; not just bathing suits
and shorts."  My eyes widened as he handed me four hundred
dollar bills.  "And here's one for you to spend on fishing
gear or whatever this week."
 I grinned at him and said, "Thanks, Dad!"  Flying up the
stairs, I shouted for my twin.  I found her in her closet,
throwing clothes on the bed furiously.
 "I hate not having enough time to pack!"  she
complained, holding up two different outfits for me to see.  
"Which one do you think I should take?"
 "I would just take the things I really like, then buy
more stuff there."
 "Yeah, right, and what am I supposed to use for
money... my good looks?"
 I put my arms around her and whispered in her ear,
"Well, I'll give you four hundred dollars for a blowjob
before you go."  I rustled the bills beside her ear and she
turned her head.  Her eyes grew wide as she realized I really
had the money.
 "No, really, Dad sent it up.  He said to buy stuff you
could wear to school, not just short shorts and miniskirts
and sexy panties and condoms and sex toys and gigolos."
 "He didn't say that!"
 "The part about the school clothes, he did."
 "Well, I just MIGHT spend some on some sexy panties,
just for somebody special to take off me,"  she said with a
saucy grin.
"With you being gone for a whole week, I might just rip
them off you when you get back."
 "Promises, promises," she grinned. "I imagine you will
handle things while I'm gone.  But just in case, I WILL give
you that blowjob you wanted."
 We had been careful not to do anything in the house that
Mom and Dad might hear, but we knew we could hear anyone
coming up the stairs, so I leaned back against the door as my
darling twin undid my belt and jerked my shorts and underwear
to my ankles.  The floor was bare wood near the door, so
rather than going to her knees, she simply bent over at the
waist from beside me and took my soft cock into her hot, wet
mouth, her tongue lashing the soft head as it began to grow.  
This was the first time that it wasn't already hard and it
was great to feel my cock swell to fill her mouth and throat.
 Her back was arched, thrusting her beautiful ass
enticingly up in the air.  I reached under her and unsnapped
her jeans, then ran my hand down the back to cup her buns, my
fingers delving into her crack until they brushed her asshole
and pussy.  Janie moaned softly on my dick and spread her
legs, pushing her ass back at my hand.  I let my fingers
flutter into her pussy, which was still slick with her
morning cum.  I pushed my pointer deep into her recently
pierced cunt, letting the remaining digits wiggle across her
soft clitoris.  She moaned again as I fingerfucked her.  I
allowed my middle finger to join the first, stretching her
virgin hole wider than ever.
 Since she was standing to the side, my cock was in her
mouth sideways.  This was a whole new feeling, having her
tongue be able to curl around my dick from the side and the
head brush almost painfully against her back teeth.  My
fingers were driving in and out of her pussy, her slick
juices coating my hand.  I let my thumb ease in to her
dripping little pussy as well, covering it in hot juice, then
slipped it up to her little brown anus.  I rested the tip at
the entrance to her backdoor and as she bucked her cunt on my
fingers, wiggled it in slightly.  She moaned on my dick
again, almost causing me to blow my wad right then.  I slowed
my finger movements till they were still for a moment, then
slowly and smoothly plunged my thumb deep into my twin's
bowels, letting her feel every inch of it as it penetrated
her.  Her sphincter muscles clenched on my thumb as it
entered, an invitation to delve in deeper and deeper.
 She gasped on my dick as I hit bottom, fully embedded in
her ass, then frantically began sucking and licking my cock
and balls as I drew my fingers from her cunt and my thumb
from her ass, only to plunge them in again.  Finally I was
going so fast, my palm was cracking against her asscheek,
sounding like I was spanking her.
 I felt her muscles clenching even harder on my hand as
she started to cum, filling my hand with her juices.  She
started to scream, so it was a good thing my cock was stuffed
down her throat to absorb the sound.  And absorb it, it did!
I had thought that a hum job was great.  It couldn't hold a
candle to a scream job!  The vibrations from her vocal cords
shot through my dick and balls and I could hold back no
longer.  For the second time that day, I filled my sweet twin
sister's mouth with my cum, jet after jet of the white juice
blasting the back of her throat as she swallowed.  This time
she was able to handle it all, and only had to lick her lips
and button her shorts to be ready to go.
 My legs were awfully shaky, but I helped Janie carry her
bags downstairs to Mom's car.  Janie hugged Dad and me, then
hopped in the car and Mom pulled away.  Dad and I rested for
a few more minutes, then climbed in the truck and took off
for the hayfield again.  On the way over, we passed one of my
school friends, Wally (short for Walter, which he hated)
Lightfoot.  Dad stopped and asked him if he wanted to make a
few bucks helping us haul the rest of the hay in from the
field.  He said "Sure!" and jumped in the back.  It didn't
take us long to make the two loads that afternoon.  He and I
decided that sometime in the next week, we would go fishing
together.  He couldn't go the next day like I had planned,
because he had a dentist's appointment.  That night, I got
all my gear ready and started deciding what I was going to
spend the $100 on.
 The next day, I got up early and had all the chores done
before breakfast.  The river curled in close to our property
at one point and this is where we usually went fishing and
swimming.  We had hung a rope with huge knots tied in it on
an old water oak and used it to swing out over the deeper
part.  The water was only about six feet deep in the center
this time of year, but we had been careful to pull out all
the rocks from the swimming area, so shallow diving was safe.  
I got my gear together, along with a lunch, cooler of cokes,
sunscreen and blanket, and headed for the river.  I had my
bathing suit on under my shorts.
 The swimming area we had cleared was also my favorite
fishing spot.  I had caught my best one right in the middle.  
I figured that by swimming, we stirred up the bottom one day,
then the fish would come in the next morning to feed on what
was disturbed.  Looking around the area, I realized I should
have brought a swing blade.  The weeds had really jumped up
this year and needed cutting.
 There were two trees close together on the bank, and
last year I had stretched a piece of canvas between them to
make a nice backrest.  It was perfect for fishing, except for
the high weeds between the river and me.  But I figured I
wouldn't have any problem casting over them, so I didn't
bother tramping them down.  Branches of the trees hung out
over the river, shading it except for a circle about 15 feet
across right in the center of the swimming hole.
 I looked across the river, only about 20 yards wide at
this point, and saw that the Johnsons had already been down
and cleared their swimming area directly across from ours.  
The sun reached the shore on their side, but in a shaded area
just inland, I saw they had added a couple of padded outdoor
chaise lounges and had started a brick barbecue just above
the flood line.
 I got settled in, baited my hook, opened a soda and made
my first cast.  I decided to float-fish at first, so I let
the bobber drift until it was just at the edge of the shadow
surrounding the swimming hole, then set my line.  I put my
rod down on a makeshift stand (a forked stick and a rock),
then kicked back to enjoy being lazy.
 I must have dozed for a bit, or else heavy daydreaming,
because suddenly I was aware of voices; girl's voices.  I
opened my eyes but didn't move.  Kristen Johnson and the two
oldest girls from the bridge the day before were by the
water, talking.
 "Gee, Kristen," the older one said. "Y'all have really
got it fixed up nice this year.  I can't wait to go swimming.  
I wish I had brought my suit."
 "Well, there's nobody around, so we could go
skinnydipping if you want to," Kristen replied.
 "You mean NAKED?" the younger girl exclaimed. "No way!
What if somebody should come up?"
 "Nobody's gonna come up.  The only other people who come
here are the Watsons and Janie Watson told me last week that
they were going to be hauling hay all this week, so there's
no one to see.
 The sound of the girl's voices carried to my ears.  I
licked my lips in anticipation, hoping the two girls would be
convinced.  They couldn't see me because I was in the shadows
and they were looking east at me with the sun in their eyes.
 The girls were not yet convinced.  They talked about
just going back to Kristen's to get their suits and my heart
sagged.  Then Kristen reminded them that their parents would
be leaving in a couple of hours.  They wouldn't have time to
walk back for their suits, then return to swim and still have
time to be back at the house in time to see their folks off.  
I learned that the older girl was named Kim while the younger
was Molly.  Patty was the youngest of the cousins and had
elected to stay with her Mom and Dad instead of coming to the
river.
    Finally, Kristen shook her head in frustration and said,
"I don't care.  You chickens can stay here with your feathers
on if you want to, but I'm going to swim!"  She grabbed the
hem of her t-shirt and pulled it over her head, revealing the
tiny mounds that had sprouted under her pointy nipples.  With
a single motion, she unsnapped and unzipped her shorts,
letting them fall.  Her light yellow cotton panties whisked
down her legs and she stepped out of her sandals.
 "See!" she cried, standing with her legs spread and her
arms stretching for the sky.  The lovely V between her legs I
had come to know so well gleamed in the sunlight.  "There's
nothing to it!  It feels great to have the sun all over your
body, too.  C'mon!"  She ran into the water and dove and came
up sputtering.
 The two sisters looked at each other, then smiled.
Suddenly, their clothes came flying off.  In seconds they
were naked and dashed into the water, giving me only a brief
glimpse of their bare girlish charms.  I saw that Kim had a
slim line of dark hair running from the top of her slit about
three inches up on her tiny mound.  Molly's light brown hair
was the only indication of the future color of her pussy
hair, for her lovely mound was bare.
 The girls were mostly submerged, cutting off most of my
view, although occasionally I would catch sight of Kim's
breasts, barely the size of an egg or small peach.  When the
girls swam, I could see their cute little buns, reflections
of the sun winking as they kicked their legs.  When ever
Kristen or Molly would stand up, I could see that the cool
water had made their nipples stand erect.  Kristen was still
almost flat-chested, while Molly had a slight swelling capped
by her turgid nipples.
 I enjoyed watching the naked children playing in the
water.  As I particularly watched Kim, I was entranced by
her naked beauty and my cock swelled in my shorts.
    When I had heard the girls come up, I had forgotten what
I was there for, so it came as a big surprise when I heard my
reel whirring.  A fish had taken my bait and was running with
it!  I grabbed my rod and jumped up, with no thought of the
girls.  I was concentrating on the fish, but I heard the
screams and squeals of the girls as they realized that a boy
could see them naked.  The fish turned and ran toward them
and I saw Kristen standing waist-deep with her hands on her
hips, a petulant look on her face.  Her cousins dropped in
the water to hide, still squealing.
 I had waded to my knees while playing the fish.  Kristen
swam over, then walked up to me, her hands back on her hips.  
She watched as I reeled in my catch; a nice smallmouth bass.  
I disengaged the hook, then held it up for the girls to see.  
I let the bass go swimming off, none the worse for wear, then
turned back to face Kristen and the music.
 "Johnny Watson, what do you mean hiding and watching
us?  That's mean!"  the little girl stomped her foot
underwater.
 "Hey, I was here first!  I was asleep when y'all came
up, then I heard you talking about skinnydipping and since
y'all saw me naked yesterday, I figured it was fair for me to
see you the same way."
 "Well, you've seen me naked before, so it doesn't
matter, but my cousins have never been seen naked by a boy
before, so it's not fair to them."
 "I have..." we heard a tentative voice say.  We spun
around to see that Molly had come up and was listening to us.
 "You have what, Molly?" Kristen asked.
 "Been seen naked by a boy."
 "YOU HAVE!" Kristen and Kim exclaimed together.
 "Who was it?  What was his name?  Did you see him naked
too?  Did he touch you?  Did you touch him?"  The two older
girls rapid fired questions at the blushing child.  "Details,
I want details, now!" Kristen told her cousin.
 "OK, I'll tell you, but you have to tell us about you
and HIM (nodding toward me).  I heard you tell him that he
had already seen you naked and I want details about THAT!
But I don't want him to see me naked anymore unless he takes
his clothes off, too," Molly replied.
 "I can arrange that!" Kristen said and quickly unbuckled
my shorts and let them drop.  I was still covered by my
bathing suit, much to her disappointment.  She reached down
the front, brushing the head of my hard cock as she fumbled
for the tie-string.
 "Oooooo, girls, he's hard already!"  She found the
string and pulled it loose, then pushed my trunks down,
releasing my dick to bob in the breeze.  Both her cousins
gasped as they saw my cock, encircled by Kristen's little
hand.  She moved her hand up and down, jacking fluid from the
tip.
 "Look, girls, isn't it pretty?  And it's drooling, too!"
 "Hey, I've got a blanket and cokes over here.  Why don't
we sit down and talk and look at each other?" I said, moving
toward shore.  I threw my rod and reel down out of the way
and made room on the blanket.  Kristen followed right away,
but the other two hung back.  Kristen flopped down across
from me and I handed her a soda.  I pulled out two more and
held them up for the girls to see.  "C'mon!"
 The children looked at each other and blushed, but were
soon joining us in the shade on the blanket.  I leaned back
on the canvas backrest and sipped while we looked at each
other.  Molly was trying to hide her pussy by putting her
hands in her lap.  Kim was sitting proudly with her legs
crossed, her little slit split slightly open to reveal the
soft, pink inner tissue.  Her nipples were rigid as she
stared at my rampant cock.
 Kristen scooted over next to me and I moved to share the
backrest, putting my arm around her shoulders.  I reached
over her shoulder and played with her little pencil-eraser
nipple.  She moaned and pressed my hand to her unformed
breast.
 "OK, now give!" Molly said. "Tell how you've already
been naked with Johnny.  Details, I want details!" she
mocked.
 "Well, his sister, Janie, they're twins, you know, and I
are best friends.  One day we made a bunch of water balloons
and ambushed him."
 Kristen went into great detail about the day I had
fingerfucked her and my sister and ate her pussy till she
came for the first time.  As she described me pulling her
panties down and sliding my tongue across her pussy, the two
girls squirmed and their eyes became glassy as they imagined
the scene.  Molly's hands were still between her legs, but
they were busy now, and her sister had spread her legs and
was lazily stroking her cunt as she listened, staring at my
cock.
 "And then after we all came, Janie told him that he had
popped her cherry with his finger!" Kristen concluded the
story. "Then she told him it was OK, because she wanted him
to fuck her for real!  Then I told him I wanted him to pop my
cherry too, and pretty soon I'm gonna let him put his dick in
my little pussy and fuck me!"
 "Are you REALLY?" Molly gasped. "WOW, that's sure a lot
better story than I've got to tell.  We didn't do nearly as
much.  There's this really cute boy, Bobby, in my class.  
Well, last year he sat straight across from me and one day I
was wearing a kinda short skirt and I noticed him looking at
my legs.  I glanced down in my lap and saw that a stream of
sunshine was hitting there, making my lap glow.  My legs were
spread a little bit and I realized he was looking up my dress
at my panties.  He didn't see me watching him, so I closed my
legs slowly.  He got a look of disappointment on his face, so
I opened them again a little bit wider.  He smiled.
    "I cupped my chin with one hand and pretended to look
down at a book, but watched him through my eyelashes.  My
other hand went into my lap.  I saw his eyes widen and he
looked up at me when he realized my hand was stroking my
pussy.  He put his hand in his pocket and played with his
dick while he watched me.  Finally, I looked up and waved my
fingers at him in my lap.  His eyes flew up and he saw that I
was watching him and could see his hand playing with himself
just like he could see me.  He turned bright red and started
coughing to cover it.  The teacher asked him if he needed to
leave the room to get a drink, but he shook his head.  I
think he was afraid to stand UP," Molly giggled.
 "That was our last class of the day, so when the bell
rang, I went to my locker.  Bobby's locker was just past mine
and I saw him sneaking glances at me around the open door.  I
walked out ahead of him and started home.  He trailed about
30 feet behind me.  I figured he was watching my butt, so I
made it sway as I walked.  As we passed a small stretch of
woods, I suddenly stepped into the trees, disappearing from
his sight.  I waited and then saw him peering into the shade
to see where I went.  I saw his eyes widen when he realized I
was standing there with my skirt and panties around my
ankles.  I beckoned to him and he slowly walked in, eyes
never leaving my pussy.  "It looked like you wanted to see it
really bad in class today, so I thought I would show it to
you!"  I told him as he came up.  "Do you like my little
pussy?"  "Ooooooh yeeeeessssssss!" he hissed.  He dropped to
his knees in homage before me.  He seemed so devoted to my
split that I thought he deserved a better look.  I reached
down and spread the soft, pink lips open, squatting slightly
to widen my thighs.  I thought the boy would pass out."
    "Bobby," Molly continued, "was completely crazy about
pussy.  I started running my finger around on my button and
he started licking his lips as he watched me.  Then he opened
his pants and took out his dick.  Stuff was already leaking
from it when he began playing with it.  He ran his hand up it
and a large gob of stuff came out the tip.  He got it on his
finger, then reached over and put it on my bump.  It was so
slick.  My finger slid all over my pussy, even down where it
hurts to put your finger.  I sat down on my bookbag and
spread my legs wider.  He sat back on his haunches in front
of me as his hand flew up and down his thing.  Finally, I
felt the good feeling building until I could hardly stand it.  
Then it felt like a dam burst inside me and I got really wet
down there.  Bobby's eyes rolled up in his head and he
started grunting, then some white stuff shot out of his thing
and landed on my legs.  When he got up to button his pants, I
got some of it on my finger and tasted it.  Not bad, but
didn't have much taste to me.  That's all that happened."
 "Wow!" exclaimed Kristen.  "Have you done anything with
him since then?"
 "No, school was out a few days later and he went right
to summer camp.  He's supposed to get back in two more weeks
and we'll be home then, so I've got plans for him for the
rest of the summer!" Molly giggled. "I want him to play with
my pussy next time!"
 "You ought to get him to lick it, Molly.  It feels
really great!" Kristen said.
 "I don't know... that's kinda scary."
 "I'd like to have some boy lick me down there!" said
Kim, her fingers now sliding into her slit and rubbing her
clit.
 "I'll do it for you," I offered.
 "Really? Would you? When?"
 I stood up, then pulled Kristen up with me.  "Lay back
against this and spread your legs real wide and I'll do it
right now.  Molly, you can watch and if you want me to, I'll
eat your little pussy next!"
 Kim trembled as she scooted over against the backrest.
She held her legs tightly together as I dropped to my knees
in front of her.  I put a hand on each knee and pulled them
apart gently.  She relaxed and I saw her hairless snatch
being unveiled.  The lips were slightly reddened from her
fingering, and her love bud protruded slightly.
 I started kissing her thighs as I lowered myself to my
belly between her lovely legs.  Her breath came quicker and
quicker as I neared my goal.  When my lips were nearly there,
the child sighed and spread her legs into almost a full
split, opening her vulva to reveal the pink inner labia
surrounding her sweet tunnel of love.
 I first placed my mouth over her entire little mound.
My bottom lip pressed against her anal opening and the other
rested at the top of her mound, her entire sexual center in
my mouth.  I gently gnawed the soft, puffy meat, then ran my
tongue deeply into her virgin cunt, parting the sphincter and
delving into her tunnel.
 The little girl shivered as my tongue brushed her
maidenhead, saying "Oh, Molly, his tongue is inside me!  It
feels so good!  You were right, Kristen, this is great!   Oh,
oh, oh yes, more, more, put it deeper, deeper, oh, oh..."
 Kim pulled her legs further back until they were under
her arms, elbows hooked behind her knees.  Kristen and Molly
scrambled for a better view of the erotic action and ended up
with their heads right beside mine as I sucked up the
girljuice flowing from the stimulated child.
 The two girls had rested their cheeks against the back
of Kim's thighs, putting their eyes only inches from the
action.  I could feel the breath coming from the two faster
and faster as I plunged my tongue in and out of Kim's hot
little cunt.  I turned my head slightly to see Molly's
flushed face, her eyes riveted to her sister's pussy.  I ran
my tongue up around Kim's clit, then flicked it back and
forth.  The child squealed as she started to cum, hot fluids
pouring from her onto my chin, coating my face with sweet,
slick juice.  To lengthen her orgasm, I pulled my head back
and slipped a finger into her tiny hole, sliding it in until
it rested against her cherry, then slowly fingerfucked her as
she continued to cum.  I leaned my head over toward Molly and
planted a kiss on her perfect lips.  Her tongue darted out
and licked her lips, tasting her sister's spunk from my lips.  
I kissed her again as my finger continued to milk the cum
from her sister.  My cum-coated tongue burrowed between her
lips and she opened her mouth to let it in, then sucked her
sister's juice from it gently.  She looked disappointed when
I broke the kiss, but then I pulled my slickened finger from
her sister's channel and placed it in her mouth.  She loved
the taste and frantically slurped and licked the juice from
my finger.
 I rolled back slightly, then took my hand from Molly's
face and cupped the back of her head.  Her eyes were closed
as I pulled her head gently forward and rolled her body.  Her
lips came into contact with the wet surface of her sister's
vulva.  Her eyes popped open in shock and she froze.  Then
the pink tip of her tongue tentatively extended into the
hairless valley before her.  In no time, she was lapping in
long strokes from her sister's asshole up to her clit as her
sibling squirmed beneath her lashing tongue.
 Molly had rolled over on her hands and knees to eat her
sister's twat, and I used the opportunity to introduce her to
the joys of having a tongue in her pussy.  I moved around
between her legs, looking at Kristen, who was fingering
herself as she watched the 13 year old girl being eaten by
her 12 year old sister.  I felt kind of guilty that she
wasn't getting any attention, but figured that since she
already knew what it was like to cum in someone's mouth, she
could wait for her fun.
 I lay down on my back, then used my shoulders to slide
back so my head slipped between Molly's legs.  My nose
brushed her split and she jumped, arching her back to pull
away, but then immediately dropped back down, incidentally
placing her pussy right on my mouth.  I hit her clit with my
tongue and she pressed it hard against my face, grinding her
vulva on my face.  The sweet little-girl wetness seeped onto
my tongue as I wiggled my way into her tiny vagina.
 I could still hear the moaning coming from Kim, joined
now by the squeals of her little sister as I tonguefucked
her.  Molly's pussy was rocking back and forth on my tongue,
faster and faster, as the child approached her first non-
self-induced orgasm.  Suddenly her body stiffened, then
started to tremble, then shake, and I knew I was about to be
rewarded.  My tongue burrowed ever deeper toward the child's
center as the flow of her cum began to flood my face.  I
lapped and sucked the sweet juice into my mouth, savored it a
moment, then swallowed it down, only to be given another
dose.  The lovely preteen finally collapsed on my face,
causing me to have to lift her up to escape being smothered.  
I scrambled out, turned over and sat back on my haunches, my
rock hard cock waving in the breeze and aching for some
female attention.
 Kristen was now fingerfucking herself frantically and
Kim was lying back on the canvas backrest with a dreamy look
on her face.  Molly's head was still in her lap and she was
stroking her hair softly.  She looked up at me and smiled.
 "Thank you, Johnny, for showing us so much," she said,
looking hungrily at my dick.  "Now I want you to fuck me.  
Will you do that for me?  I want to feel your hard dick fill
my little pussy up.  I want you to be the one to pop my
cherry.  Please?"
 I crawled up next to her and kissed her.  I knew she
could taste her baby sister's cum on my lips as my tongue
danced with hers.  Molly's head had popped up when she heard
her sister ask me to take her virginity.  Now she moved next
to Kristen to watch.  I helped Kim up, then took her place
against the backrest.
 "Why don't you suck on it a little first?" I told her.
 She lowered herself to her knees and bent over me.  I
could feel her hot breath against the sensitive head as her
lips drew closer.  A drop of precum glistened on the tip and
her tongue snaked out to capture it.  A glimmering strand
stretched from the tip of my cock back to her lips as she
tasted a man for the first time.  Her head came back down and
she engulfed my shaft in her mouth, sinking almost all the
way down.  Her tongue flashed as she bobbed her head on me.  
I knew I couldn't take very much of this, so after a few
extremely pleasurable moments, I lifted her head off me.  She
pouted her delicate lips until she realized this meant the
moment was at hand.  She was about to lose her virginity; to
get her 13 year old cherry popped; to become a woman.
I positioned myself so I could put my elbows firmly on
the ground, then told her to straddle my chest.  I grasped
the backs of her gorgeous thighs and said, "Do a split on my
hands.  Don't worry about your weight, I can hold you up
easily, OK?"  She nodded and started to lower herself.  I
could bench press 180 pounds and besides, the little girl
wouldn't weight 90 pounds soaking wet.  I had to reposition
my hands a bit as her weight came down on my arms, but soon,
I had her suspended in air in a full split.  Her vulva was
stretched wide and the opening to her vagina was clearly
visible.  I lifted the child and moved her back until she was
over my crotch.
 My dick was so hard it was throbbing, but it was angled
toward my belly.  Kristen and Molly saw the problem at the
same time and two hands came in to hold my rigid cock
upright.  I lowered Kim until the head of my dick was firmly
placed in the opening to her pussy.  I looked up into her
eyes.
 "You know this may hurt the first time?"
 "Yeah, but I don't care!  I want to get FUCKED!"
 "OK, then" I said, and let her hot, juicy, virgin cunt
plunge down my shaft.  She let out a yelp as her hymen burst
under the onslaught, but soon my dick was buried in her to
the hilt, her widely stretched pussy lips brushing the sparse
hair decorating my lap.
 She relaxed and was still for a few moments, getting
used to the feeling of being filled with cock.  Kristen and
Molly were so turned on, they got in a 69 position and
started sucking each others cunts.  After giving Kim a few
moments to recover, I lifted her weight with my forearms,
sliding that deliciously tight quim up on my cock.  I could
see that a tinge of pink covered my rod, evidence of her true
virginity.  She sucked her breath in through her teeth as the
tight sphincter gripped my dick, then sighed as I slowly
lowered her until I was again deep within her, her legs still
stretched to either side of her.
 The two younger girls had arranged themselves so that by
turning my head slightly to the right, I was staring
directly into Molly's slit, Kristen's tongue flashing
feverishly across and into it, tonguefucking her cousin.
    Kim lowered her legs and put her knees on either side of
my waist and started rocking her tight little pussy back and
forth on my straining tool.  I reached up and pinched both
her tiny nipples.  She inhaled sharply and arched her back,
driving my cock even deeper into her.  The pencil-eraser tips
of her barely budding breasts swelled and hardened in my
fingers.
 Kristen now had Molly's little pussy firmly planted on
her mouth, her tongue driving in and out of the hairless
hole.  Molly's juices flowed out around her cousin's lips.  I
reached over and ran my fingers into the slick fluid, coating
my pointer finger, then slid it upward to spread the
lubrication around the tiny, pink anus winking at me.  I ran
the tip of my finger around the hole a few times, then with a
slow steady pressure, pressed it into the hole to the first
knuckle.  Molly stopped licking her cousin and her body
froze.  I was afraid she was going to protest, so I started
to remove the invading digit; but she relaxed immediately
and started a frenzied bucking on Kristen's mouth, driving
her backside against my finger, allowing it to sink in even
further.  Then with a steady rhythm, I fingerfucked the
child's asshole as she moaned into her cousin's 11-year-old
pussy.
 Kim had sunk her luscious quim all the way down on my
dick and was now rotating her hips in circles, the angle of
my cock in her recently deflowered snatch constantly
changing.  She lifted her knees off the blanket, resting her
entire weight on my groin, then grabbed a knee with each hand
and drew them upwards till they were at right angles to her
lovely body.  Her gymnastics training certainly paid off...  
for me!  Using her hands on her knees and her thigh muscles,
she started bouncing her excruciatingly tight quim on my
shaft.  Pulling her knees up, she would drive her cunt down
on me, then flexing her muscles and pushing down on her
knees, make her canal slide upward a good five inches till
only the head was buried.
 Each time her slippery pussy climbed my dick, I drew my
finger almost out of Molly's behind, then plunged it back in
as her sister engulfed me again.  Kristen lapped the sweet
juices that poured from the little darling's vagina.  Kim
began a low moaning that steadily rose in pitch and I knew
she was nearing her climax.  My balls stirred as well, in
preparation for blasting a super load of cum into this former
virgin's hole.
 I could take no more, and felt the tightening of my
scrotum that told me it wouldn't be long.  The head of my
prick seemed to swell even larger as the first shot launched
itself from the tip of my dick, followed closely by another
and another.  I almost passed out from the intense pleasure,
but was still aware that Kim started cumming when the first
load of spunk flooded into her pussy.  Her hands pushed her
knees up and down so fast now that it looked like she was
flapping her wings and trying to fly.  Molly had lifted her
head off Kristen's quim and threw it back in ecstasy as she
joined us in our orgasms.  Kristen spread the child's
pussylips and clamped her lips on the opening of her pussy,
sucking her cum and swallowing it down as my finger continued
to fuck the little girl's asshole.
 The four of us finally rolled apart, my softened cock
making a sucking sound as it slipped from Kim's ravaged quim.           
We were all breathing hard from the exertion and lay back to
catch our breaths.  After a few minutes, Molly crawled up
next to me and laid her head on my chest.
 "That was SOOOOOO GOOOOOD!  If it feels that good to
have a finger up your butt, I want you to fuck my pussy next,
but if feels any better than THAT, I think I'll just DIE!"
she told me with a grin.
 "Now wait just one DAMN minute here," Kristen burst out,
her eyes flashing.  "I saw him first, and you've both had
cums, and I haven't got to cum yet, so if he's gonna fuck
anybody, its GONNA BE ME!"
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

