Sunlight Through The Shadows BBS News
Copyright (c) 1994, Joe DeRouen
All rights reserved



STTS BBS is ran on TriBBS v5.1 software (registered, of course), a 33Mhz
80386 DX computer, two IDE hard drives (120 meg and 170 meg), a Zoom
14.4k Fax/Modem, and a VGA monitor. Soon, it'll be hooked up via a LAN
to a 50Mhz 80486 DX with half a gig of storage space.

It's run on one phone line, and the number is (214) 620-8793. At some
point in the near future, we hope to add another node as well as a 28.8k
Fax/Modem. 

One last thing - it's entirely free. Donations are accepted (so far,
I've only received three) but you can't buy higher access. Access is
completely, 100% FREE. 

STTS BBS carries 40+ doors (games and information), a good deal of them
registered. We also carry four networks (RIME, Pen & Brush Net, World
Message Exchange, and PlanoNet) as well as a large file area. The file
area specializes in electronic magazines (carrying the entire back issue
run of several!), texts on all subjects, and shareware text adventure
games. Of course, there's also a wide variety of other programs to be
had, including BBS doors, telecommunication packages, arcade/adventure
games, offline mail readers, and more! Additionally, STTS BBS is a
support BBS for TriBBS software and carries just about all the programs
available out there for TriBBS. STTS BBS is also a regional HUB for Pen
& Brush Net (P&BNet) as well as a HUB for World Message Exchange (WME).
Lastly, we're a member of the American BBS Association. 

About 70% of the callers are from Texas, as it's a Dallas-based BBS. The
other 30%, however, are from just about everywhere else. Oklahoma,
California, Virginia, Oregon, Kansas, Illinois - you name it. We've had
several people from Canada and the UK call as well. Most of the long
distance callers are SysOps calling to download STTS Magazine every
month (those that don't get it through the net) but there's several
"just plain users" who call to participate in the message base or
download files. 


Each month, we'll discuss additions and upgrades to the BBS as well as
new door games added, nets or conferences added, and just general news
about the BBS. We'll divide it into two sections - BBS News and Net
News. With that said, away we go . . .  


BBS News/LORD Tournament news:


The Legend of the Red Dragon (Seth Able's terrific door game) tournament
has come to an end.  As of the morning of May 2nd, Grey Slayer (aka
Harlan Pine) managed to slay the red dragon and win the tournament.  (As
well as the $25.00 cash prize!)  Congratulations to Grey Slayer!
Special mention to Jaren Mc Laud (aka Aaron Walker) are in order as
well.  Jaren and Grey traded places several times in the tournament, and
it was only by the narrowest margin on a dragon's scale that Grey edged
Jaren out.  They both played extremely well.  Again, Grey Slayer,
congratulations!

We're sponsoring another tournament: "Planets: The Exploration of
Space". (Another Seth Able original!)  The tournament will officially
begin May 15th, 1994.  Those interested should call STTS BBS and
download PLANTOUR.ZIP for more details. 

We just added two new *Registered* doors - Video Poker and Money Market,
both from T&J Software.  The doors are excellent and you should give
them a try if you haven't already done so. 

The most popular download for March was SUN9404.ZIP, the April issue of
this magazine. Number two was SUN9403.ZIP, March's issue of Sunlight
Through The Shadows.  Number three was BGI12.ZIP, a very comprehensive
guide for beginners and pros alike throug the internet.  The fourth most
popular file was AP130.ZIP, a autopost door for TriBBS.  Fifth most
popular was DFW.ZIP, Mark Robbins' long-running and popular Dallas/Ft.
Worth, Texas BBS listing.  Two of the top five were prior issues of this
magazine.  What could be better than that?  <Grin>


