       _       _        __    __    ___    _______        _       _
    /\| |/\ /\| |/\    |  |  |  |  / _ \  |   ____|    /\| |/\ /\| |/\
    \ ` ' / \ ` ' /    |  |__|  | | | | | |  |__       \ ` ' / \ ` ' /
   |_ moo _|_ moo _|   |   __   | | | | | |   __|     |_ moo _|_ moo _|
    / , . \ / , . \    |  |  |  | | |_| | |  |____     / , . \ / , . \
    \/|_|\/ \/|_|\/    |__|  |__|  \___/  |_______|    \/|_|\/ \/|_|\/

     suck my squiggly tail.        -108-          oink you, sucker.

  hogs of entropy hogs of entropy hogs of entropy hogs of entropy hogs of
  entropy hogs of entropy hogs of entropy hogs of entropy hogs of entropy
  hogs of entropy hogs of entropy hogs of entropy hogs of entropy hogs of
  entropy hogs of entropy hogs of entropy hogs of entropy hogs of entropy

                         >> "and you wonder" <<
                              by -> aproh

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

	this little gem was sent as a serious submission to dto
productions.   i cry.  you enjoy.

- m0gel [dto@op.net]

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Anything you say can andbe used against you" these are my rights. This is
what i was taught. That is all i see while i look through your narrow
mind. And sometimes i sit in the dark and shiver and cry myself to
sleep and think about being abused for all those years that stretch out
into my life. And i can seill feel you inside me you fucking pig!!! And
i can still feel myself struggle under you (a giant, me, a little
girl). And i can still feel you rip off my clothes and tell me it was
right and I NEVER BELIEVED YOU, NOT ONCE.  and its dark in here as it
was dark during those years, in your room under the covers and there's
an emptyness in my mind where i try to forget and every time i tell the
story i feel a little better like its not some sort of dirty secret i
carry around with me like the chains of christmas past. and you WONDER
WHY I DONT TRUST MEN AND YOU WONDER WHY I LOVE GIRLS AND NOT YOU AND
YOU WONDER WHY WHEN I KISS YOU I CANT STOP, CANT SAY NO??? AND YOU
WONDER WHY I LOCK MY CAR DOORS AND YOU FUCKING WONDER WHY I WONT SIT
NEXT TO YOU AT THANKSGIVING DINNER??? I remember sitting with you on
saturday mornings and watching monster trucks crush the cars underneath
them and not i picture that was the story of my life and you were
eating pork rhinds but that didnt even gross me out...what made me sick
to my stomach was you: staring at me with that sick look and I DIDNT
WANT YOU TO TOUCH ME AND I DIDNT WANT TO BE THERE BECAUSE I KNEW WHAT
WAS COMING NEXT-OH GOD, I KNEW WHAT WAS NEXT. SO I'D SIT AND STARE AT
THE CEILING AND LET YOU DO...LET YOU OVERCOME ME AND YOU WONDER WHY I
DONT LIKE TO BE CONTROLLED?? and even though i dont, i try not to,
remember, i do and i wonder if when you came inside me, did you feel
like a man?? DID YOU FEEL LIKE A "BIG BOY"? WERE YOU HAPPY? DID IT MAKE
YOU HAPPY THAT YOU HAD RUINED MY LIFE? DO YOU EVEN REMEMBER? OR ARE YOU
SO FUCKED UP NOW THAT YOU CAN'T EVEN REMEMBER RAPING ME SO MANY TIMES?
MY PARENTS DIDNT EVEN *KILL* YOU WHEN THEY FOUND OUT. IF I
HAD BEEN BIGGER, OLDER, *STRONGER*, I WOULD HAVE DONT IT
MYSELF...THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR RAPE!!! THERE IS NO EXCUSE TO VIOLATE
ME ONCE, YOU HAD CONTROLLED MY BODY BUT NEVER AGAIN. YOU CONTROLLED MY
MIND, MY SEXUALITY, MY BODY BUT NOW I AM RECOVERING. NOW I WILL SOON BE
FREE. NOW MY BODY IS MINE...

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
* (c) HoE publications & metalchick.  HoE 108 - written by aproh - 6/11/97 *
