       
                 ______      ______         ______________      
                |      |    |      |        \             |
                 \    /      \    /   ____   \      ______|
                  |  |________|  |   /    \   |    |____       
                  |   ________   |  (  {}  )  |    _____)
    /~~~~~~~~~~~  |  |        |  |   \____/   |    |______  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~\
    |  |~~~~~~~  /    \      /    \          /            |  ~~~~~~~~~|  |
    |  |        |______|    |______|         \____________|           |  |
    |  |                                                              |  |
    |  |              Hogs of Entropy Text Files Present...           |  |
    |  |                                                              |  |
    |  |                        "Darkness..."                         |  |
    |  |                                                              |  |
    |  |                                      By: Abigwar [BGR]       |  |
    |  |                                      Date Written: 10/23/94  |  |
    |  |                                                              |  |
     \  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  /
      ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  
  What was it in the air? What was it that made it feel like every thing was
to end, and yet everything was to start anew? Did you ever feel anything like
that? No, probally not. Not yet anyway. Just always remember what i tell you!
...One day i will guide you to a new freedom.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
  
  He opened the door, and stepped outside. The air was thick and tense. Fog
covered everything that was not within a five foot radius of the young man 
standing on his front door step. He took a deep breath, Not that it made him
feel any better you see. It just helped him understand what it was bringing
him down. He grabbed for his dufflebag of unfinished homework, and swung it
over his shoulder. His flight jacket cushined the blow, as it made a sharp 
"THUNK" on his back.

  He left the desolate house, and started walking to his bus stop. "Damn." he
thought, noticing that he couldn't see the road at the end of the long walk
way to his bus. "Just another atempt to hide the road from me. Damn 
government when will they learn. I don't know how they controled the fog, But 
they are doing this on purpose. Do they know? Nahh, Probally not."

  Realizing that he was talking to himself, and holding quite an interesting
conversation, he promptly shut up and walked on to the bus stop. Once the bus
finally arrived, 10 minutes late, he climbed his way up the stair way... Then
pushed his way through all the people. Only a few esoteric people on the bus
returned the glimmer of hate in his eyes, and the devilish smirk on his face.
After seeing there were all of 1 empty seat, He was forced to sit with a 
cunt he never really liked. Well, He liked her for a while when they were 
going out...But then she dicked him over. 

  He sat in silence and thought of what was to happen... And if the 
adminstrators in his school would actually carry through with their almost 
unreal promise. Then he took pride that he would have the real last laugh.
Jeff may of said he would go quietly...but boy were the administrators in
for a suprise. 
                      
  The rest of the day passed slowly. The highlight of the day, so far anyway,
was hackie-sacking with his friends in the morning, in homeroom, in gym, in 
lunch, and in weldshop. Then, at 2:15 just like they promised, they called
the students into the gym. 

  A balding man, and a man with a real obvious wig whispered at Jeff as the 
rest of the students piled into the bleachers. Then Jeff approched a little 
alter like stand, with a microphone on it. He faced the students, and started 
talking...without que cards, and with out any papers in his hands.

  "About 24 years ago a great light bulb appeared in the sky. It lit the road
to freedom but the only people who could see the magnificent road were the 
skinheads and the politicians..."
                    
  Jeff paused and glanced around the gymnasium. He scanned all the members of
his audience, then his eyes settled on the administrators who were getting 
uneasy about the speech Jeff was giving. 
  
  "Maybe i should have checked his speech before i let him do this!" thought
the vice princi"pal". A teacher whispered in to the superintendents ear, 
  
  "I'm so glad he can't run for student government! Why hasn't he been kicked
out yet? I know you guys were trying." That teacher was Mrs. Michial, Jeff 
had always hated her anyway. The man replied, 
  
  "He is being kicked out, But he said he would go quietly if we let him give 
one last speech  to the whole school."  
  
  "oh" she said.   Slowly and confidently he continued: 
  
  "The politicians got scared when they learned where the oversized path led 
to. They were scared that people would escape their rule, and live free. They 
knew that only the skinheads could see it, But what if the bald ones told 
normal people about it?  So the polotitions gathered up their forces and used 
every thing they had to turn off the light. They used the laws, the police 
and the media..and soon, the light dimmed to the point at which no one could 
see it." 

  Again he paused. Maybe to let it sink into their thick skulls. Or maybe he 
was secretly a little bit nervous inside. Silence. What was it about silence 
that agitated him so much? He never could figure that out. With a little bit 
of rage, he added:
 
  "But a few years ago, the light started to get brighter, for the light 
never went out because it flamed on in the hearts of all the skinheads. As 
more people became skinheads the light grew brighter and brighter."

  Mr. Feldmen the vice principle burst in, "you better be getting somewhere
with this Mister."  
  
  The young skinheads skin cringed as he heard the assholes voice. But Jeff 
knew he was making the adminstration very nervous. So yet again he started:

  "Now, Again in this very school, they are trying to turn out the light. But
this time our light burns brighter than before. They are still succeding. 
They told us that we couldn't wear our colored laces, or our uniforms. We 
changed the color of our laces, we changed our uniform, then they banned that 
too. They have kicked two of us out. Chris and Frank. You all knew them both. 
They harrased us and our freinds. Told us that we would be kicked out the 
minute we made the slightest mistake. One law for us skinheads, and one law 
for you students. And now, They put up road blocks so we can not follow the 
road."
   
  Jay, a skin, stood up and asked as loud as he could from the top of the                      
bleachers where they herded all of the skins to, "What if they turn off the 
light again?"

  Jeff snickered with a bit of hysteria in his voice. Soon, Jay and all the  
other skins snickered... Then it stoped. He turned to the adminstration with
a huge 'Up to no good' grin.

  "I will answer that with a very old joke.", He paused, "How many skinheads
does it take to skrew in a light bulb?"

  The adminstraitors looked dumbfounded. Then the doors behind the them swung 
open with a mighty crash. All jumped except for Jeff, and his crew who were
now making their way down the crowded bleachers. A bunch of people, maybe 15, 
pushed their way through the Principal's little clan. The 15 led by Frank and
Chris. They mixed with the 5 skins coming off the bleachers and filed into 
a shadowy formation behind their leader Jeff. He finished the joke.
  
  "NONE! WE ARE NOT AFRAID OF THE DARK!!" 

  "WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS!?"   Shouted Mr. Feldman.
  
  Jay steped up to the microphone lauging mysteriously. "During the last week
the people have risen, and made their decision...Revolution will start today
at 2:30pm. [In five minutes]. We will now procced to clear the road block off
of our road. This is happening in every school, in every town...But during
this revolution, it will not only be the skinheads fighting. It is every one,
who knows what has been happening to us. Every one with any real dignity. We
are taking back our country." 

  "Those who wish to help, Come." yelled Jeff. And out of the administration
came one person. A welding teacher. From the audience came many... Some 
looking for unjustified fun, others looking for the truth, But yet they came.

  The school tried to call for the cops, but the phone was dead. Silence 
again. Silence that pinched Jeff's ear drums. Horrid, evil, agitating 
silence. Silence that was suddenly broken by a watches BEEP-BEEP, BEEP-BEEP, 
BEEP-BEEP, BEEP-BEEP, BEEP-BEEP. Jeff looked down, It was time...and then he 
laughed, as he slowly walked towards the administrators. They started to run, 
with the rebels in close pursuit. They caught up and conquered. 

  With out blinking they started walking down the road to the TV station. 
They took over in a mater of minutes, and sent their message to all channels 
and to all homes within a 60 mile radius. Outside of that radius, Jeff was 
confident that the rebels did the same their too. Next, to the radio station
across the way. They did the same.
   
  Then they paraded down the street to a bus company. On the way many more 
people came out of their houses and buildings armed, and ready to join the 
fight. They took the bus company over and gathered many busses. They drove, 
the next stop, The army/navy stores in the area.

  They picked up their loads of gear that they already had planned to get, 
for the owners of the stores were on the skin's side too. As they drove 
towards freedom, and passed the national guard station, they were surprised 
as many military trucks and tanks, with the rebel's nordic warrior symbol 
painted on the hood and side, joined the convoy.

  Even the military were United States traitors? This pleased Jeff, with very 
sick thoughts...and he loved every minute of it. Onward they drove...bound 
for glory, bound for victory, bound for freedom, to Washington DC. Where the 
final fight would take place, before a new freedom.

  From all around the country came the glorious convoys all to meet at a 
predesignated area in Virgina. They met there eventualy and the amount of 
people was so big that it covered almost all of the state. In some places it 
went into sourounding states. The oath, the esoteric rule, which was once 
reserved only for skinheads, now was going for the whole rebel movement. And 
here are the faithful words the skinheads lived with for 24 years before the 
revolution...

                        I CAN NEVER BETRAY,
                          YOU OR MYSELF,
                            FOR MY LOT,
                     REMAINS BOUND TO YOUR LOT,
                            MY FUTURE,
                          TO YOUR FUTURE,
                       AND I SAY TO YOU NOW,
                             ONE DAY, 
                         I WILL GUIDE YOU,
                         TO A NEW FREEDOM!


  Jeff no longer had to worry about the silence, for gun shots and explosions
were the mass of the noise. He no longer had to worry about the assholes he
put up with every day, for he had the last laugh! And most importantly, Jeff
no longer needed to worry about the first steps of getting the movement 
united, and on a roll! Next time the world!! And his last remaining enemyies
were hate-edge, and himself, A deadly combonation.

-=--------------------------------------------------------------------------=-
                     "AHHH.... I thought i saw a skinhead!"

 Well, I don't usually do this, But i heard a rumor that their is other skins
 in  the  hacker scene. Damn, I thought i was the only one. Oh well. If their 
 any  skins out there, Lets hook up. I have a crew and i'm looking to make it
 more wide spread. If you already have a crew or if your independent, it does
 not matter. If you want your whole crew can join, and we'll have a more hard
 scene.  I  am  currently a member of the United Front, But no one else in my 
 crew  is. I'm also making a scrap book, Of skins, mods, punks, SKAnkers, and
 almost  anyone  else related to the scene. If you can help, or want adresses 
 to local  skins  and  crews  in  your area, get in touch with me. Boneheads, 
             Left's, Right's, Trojen's, Sussed, what ever...

          Easiest place to get intouch with me is at TEKAT,(908).

|=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=|=-=-=-=|=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=|
|  Mogel-Land.[Home].2157323413  /  _____  \  Paranoia SubCul....2153395831 |
|  Hacker Crackdown..2159451907 | </'0 o`\> | Stellar Nights.....6108969140 |
|  T.E.K.A.T.........9088132738 | |   @   | |                               |
|  Mary Jane's.......2164616162 |  \__v__/  |      the NEXT generation      | 
|  /<RaD-/<-/< House.8103480421 |  BuUuRP!  |          of stoopid...        |
|  Twisted Reality...6104590598  \         /                                | 
|=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=|=-=-=-=|=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=|
 Copyright (c) 1994 HoE Publications and Abigwar            #19 --> 10/31/94
 All Rights Reserved.
