       
                 ______      ______         ______________      
                |      |    |      |        \             |
                 \    /      \    /   ____   \      ______|
                  |  |________|  |   /    \   |    |____       
                  |   ________   |  (  {}  )  |    _____)
    /~~~~~~~~~~~  |  |        |  |   \____/   |    |______  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~\
    |  |~~~~~~~  /    \      /    \          /            |  ~~~~~~~~~|  |
    |  |        |______|    |______|        /_____________|           |  |
    |  |                                                              |  |
    |  |              Hogs of Entropy Text Files Present...           |  |
    |  |                                                              |  |
    |  |                   "ChroniC must be Destroyed"                |  |
    |  |                                                              |  |
    |  |                                      By: Abigwar [BGR]       |  |
    |  |                                      Date Written: 10/15/94  |  |
    |  |                                                              |  |
    |  |                                                              |  |
     \  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  /
      ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
If anything in this does not make sence to you, you might want to read the 
                              file: Valhalla.BGR
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
  
  A large explosion rattles ear drums for miles around as a man hole cover
can be seen flying extrodanarly high. Two teenagers dressed all in black run 
down the litter poluted streets, not stopping for any reason, they run like a 
bull in rage.  About two miles down the road, the one dark individual who was 
in the lead of the undersized train decided to slow down the pace to a dead
stop. They stood, Looking around each other then their eyes met with an evil
passion flaming. They discussed what they just did, If they thought they 
were followed, and if they escaped from the police search that was most 
definatly taking place.
  Glancing around one of the two noticed an abandoned warehouse. They 
stealthly made their way past a group of bicyclists jumping on what was 
affectionatly named the "Dip" and the "Pit".  They soon made their way to the
giant facility. A faded sign on the wall above the loading dock door that 
said "Lee Cock, Printing Factory". They walked the perimiter of the building
checking every door to see what was locked. At the very end of the perimiter
they found a door, that was locked, but not completly boarded.
  Suddenly their was a flash of steel as the taller teen whiped out a 5" bar 
of metal with the last 2" or so wrapped in electrical tape. He smashed out a
hole just the right size to reach in and unlock the single dead bolt. After
a second or two of grabing around with his arm in gulfed in the door he 
managed to wiggle it unlocked. 
  Chris tried to open the door but it wouldn't budge. Jeff started pulling on 
Chris' back and finaly the seal of spider webs and rust broke, and the big
iron door swung open shattering what was left of the unboarded glass.
  Inside the first thing was a front office, To the right where two 
bathrooms, one male, and one female...Traditionaly. Mystery laid behind the 
other closed door to the right. Giving a swift kick into the door the lock 
ripped a hole through the wood it was set deep into. Inside this room was a 
few chairs, a filing cabinet and a medium sized safe. Realizing the potential 
Chris almost reflexivly jumped down on his knees trying to open the safe.
  After a few minutes of fiddling with the dial he decided it was useless and
he quickly stood up thrusting his hand through the bilayered sheet rock 
hitting a mirror on the other side in the male bathroom. The mirror instantly 
shattered and Chris withdrew his hand with the speed light still catching up
to him.
  They didn't realize it yet but the smashing noise summoned a being, or 
let's say a Semi-Being. Jeff and Chris continued walking through the 
building. Then without any warning two ravens swooped down before the teens 
and one of them started to talk with its tounge split up the middle. 
  "I am the raven Memory. I know all of the past, And i who you are, and that 
you are both of Nordic family history."  The other raven started to talk.
  "I am the raven Thought, I know that you, Jeff, know who we are, for you 
are a warrior, However, you Chris have not achieved the same level of 
warriordom as Jeff has." 
  Then suddenly, there was a flash of light and a big person-shaped thing 
appeared. The intense light around him slowly got dimmer and dimmer until It 
was clear enough to make out all of its appearance. He had one eye, The other
eye was covered by a patch...Jeff instantly knew who it was...The god who had
trade his eye for wisdom. The Nordic god Odin. Odin spoke.
  "You are my warriors. The Valkyre, My 8 daughters, Have been watching you. 
I need warriors to protect Asgard, My home. I usually will only take the 
fallen warriors, but Ragnorok, The time of great end is comming quickly."
   Chris intrupted, "What do you want with us?"
   "It is not what i want with both of you," Odin replied, "Jeff will already
be in my warriors fallen land, for he has earned his seat in Valhalla, The
hall of the Slain heros. When people go to Valhalla, they must die in combat
to prove they are true warriors, Then the Valkyre come down and take them to
Asgard. But Jeff has already proved his worthiness to my daughters. You Chris,
have the potential to be a great warrior." 
   Chris again jumped in, "What should i do?"
   "It is not either of your time yet, Prove your self now, and you like Jeff
will not have to die in combat to get accepted to the great hall" Squaked one
of the ravens circling around Odin's head.
   Odin added, "Their is a gang called ChroniC... They want to take this 
warehouse and make it into a roller blading play house. You two must gather
all your warrior friends and fight turf wars against theses ChroniC 'Roller
Jocks' as you would say."
   Thought stated, "You shall make this into the Valhalla of earth. This will
be the hall of the great alive young warriors. The bootboys, and the 
skinheads. One Valkyr will be here watching you at all times. You may not 
always see us here, and sometimes you will, But she is here now, and she will 
be here for ever more. If ChroniC defeats you in combat, The Valkyre will 
report her dismay to her father Odin."
   Then the goddess appeared. She was beutiful, yet over wealmingly  Gothic. 
She carried a spear a sheild, and a helmet much like those seen on vikings
who where also Nordic Warriors. Her black robe revieled much of her full 
breasts. Long black hair with blond streaks poured out the back of her 
helmet.
   She spoke slowly with a soft voice, "I am the Valkyr asigned to be your 
watcher. If you are successful on your mission, Jeff will become my husband,
and Chris will be married to my sister." Her sister appeared, Almost the
exact opposite. Dressed in white, with blond hair and black streaks. Then the
other Valkyr, The white, disapeared.
   She continued speaking, "After you die, I will guide you to Valhalla, Then
at the time of Ragnorok, and all is gone, We will survive, and we will create
the new world." 
   Jeff bursts out, "Do you have any help, or advice for us?"
   Looking suprised the goddess says, "All i will say is what you do know,
That if the kids are united they will never be divided! Other than that, you
must learn on your own. The people who you gather now, will also live through
Ragnorok, and they will be your new army! This is a gift of magick that i 
give to you, that you shall take, but had before what i do.. You have had the
Magick all along, But i grant you the use of it!"
   The ravens flew over and landed on both of Jeff's sholders, and sat for a
second. Then they did the same to Chris. With a flash and a zap, every one is 
gone except Chris and Jeff. Then from above a deep voice echos through the 
building, "May Thor Guide you on your way! May the sign of the Hammer be you 
symbol!"
   Remembering what they said, Jeff and Chris ran to make improvised weapons.
After creating an arsonal they sat, and waited...About 20 minutes later, 4
people entered the building. Climbing on top of some shelves Chris and Jeff 
waited for them to enter the main room. The four people walked in and the two
teens jumped down and attacked. Jeff swung a desk leg at one of the kids 
heads and knocked him right out. Chris stabbed a kid in the gut with a broom 
stick and then all of a sudden, one of the two ChroniC kids pulled a gun. 
Jeff threw his table leg at the gun and knocked it out of his hands. Then 
they fought for about three minutes till no one except Jeff and Chris where 
standing. Blood was every where. With some of the blood on his hand Jeff drew 
a big hammer on the wall, marking their territory.
   Soon they went home and gathered their forces. The next day, they went 
back and waited, All 23 of them, They waited....

-=--------------------------------------------------------------------------=-
                     "AHHH.... I thought i saw a skinhead!"

 Well, I don't usually do this, But i heard a rumor that their is other skins
 in  the  hacker scene. Damn, I thought i was the only one. Oh well. If their 
 any  skins out there, Lets hook up. I have a crew and i'm looking to make it
 more wide spread. If you already have a crew or if your independent, it does
 not matter. If you want your whole crew can join, and we'll have a more hard
 scene.  I  am  currently a member of the United Front, But no one else in my 
 crew  is. I'm also making a scrap book, Of skins, mods, punks, SKAnkers, and
 almost  anyone  else related to the scene. If you can help, or want adresses 
 to local  skins  and  crews  in  your area, get in touch with me. Boneheads, 
             Left's, Right's, Trojen's, Sussed, what ever...

          Easiest place to get intouch with me is at TEKAT,(908).

|=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=|=-=-=-=|=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=|
|  Mogel-Land.[Home].2157323413  /  _____  \  Paranoia SubCul....2153395831 |
|  Hacker Crackdown..2159451907 | </'- 0`\> | Stellar Nights.....6108969140 |
|  T.E.K.A.T.........9088132738 | |   @   | |                               |
|  Mary Jane's.......2164616162 | /\__v__/\ |      the NEXT generation      | 
|  /<RaD-/<-/< House.8103480421 |  BuUuRP!  |          of stoopid...        |
|  Twisted Reality...6104590598  \         /                                | 
|=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=|=-=-=-=|=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=|
 Copyright (c) 1994 HoE Publications and Abigwar            #17 --> 10/31/94
 All Rights Reserved.
