                                $$$$$$$$$$$
                                $$$$$$$$$$$   hogz of entropy #246
               $$$$$P           $$$$   $$$$  moo, oink, up your butt.
               $$$$P            $$$$  x$$$$
               $$$P             $$$$ xP$$$$      d$$$$$$$$$$$.
               $$$.             $$$$xP $$$$     $$$$$$'  >$$$$
               $$$$$$$$$.       $$$$P  $$$$     4$$$$$. .$$$$'
               $$$$'`4$$$b.     $$$$   $$$$      4$$$$$$$$$P'
               $$$$b  4$$$$b.   $$$$$$$$$$$       4$$$<          %%
               $$$$$b  4$$$$$x  $$$$$$$$$$$        4$$$$$$$$$    %%

                              >> Gaa-nomes <<
                                by -> aster

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi. This is a story about the gaa-nomes. the gaa-nomes live in the fluffy
pink clouds. They look like bananas. not the clouds. the gaa-nomes. the clouds
look like cotton candy with little mini-banans living in it. except, the
banans are not yellow, like ordinary banans. THESE bananas arn't banans at
all, but gaa-nomes. and, you see, gaa-nomes are NOT yellow. If gaa-nomes were
yellow, they would be bananas and would get eaten all up. which would nto be
good, because there would be no more gaa-nomes. and we want gaa-nomes, cause
gaa-nomes improve our planet. and gaa-nomes are very neat. they can fly. thats
how they get from one fluffy pink cloud to another. But the fluffy pink clouds
in which they live are not in the sky. they are in the oceans. once apon a
time there was a little gaa-nome called Luter G'nome. Luter was not a very
smart gaa-nome. As a child he mooved out of his house so that he could live
closer to the surface. But this meant leaving behind his family, his
non-exsistant friends(i think he had social problem as a child), and his
education. he did not care. he did enjoy school or his family. and it is hard
to enjoy non-exsistant friends, awful hard. anyway, he wasn't very smart, so
he trhought it woujld be fun to live close to the surface near the sun and the
feared and evil tall things. the tall things would come out in funny wooden
round things. all of this mystified, and did not scare Luter. He would look
for them and study them. one days while he was comfortibly napping on one of
the smaller fluffy pink clouds near the surface something shook him awake. It
was another gaa-nome!!!! this was Scury Gaanome. Scury was an outlaw. he had
murded several other gaa-nomes and was a very bad bad thing. they are all in
hunt of, there was a price on his head. Scury told him to come up to the
surface with him. Luter, being VERY afraid, went with him. when they got there
they saw qa small yellow and blue round rubber thing coming toward them. there
were 5 tall things in it! the 5 tall thngs grabed the two gaa-nomes and st6uck
them into a large machine. the noisy annoying machine went *CRUNCH* and
*GRIND* and they were scared. then they died. the end.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
     * (c) HoE publications.  HoE #246 -- written by Aster -- 6/20/98 *
