                                $$$$$$$$$$$
                                $$$$$$$$$$$   hogz of entropy #252
               $$$$$P           $$$$   $$$$  moo, oink, up your butt.
               $$$$P            $$$$  x$$$$
               $$$P             $$$$ xP$$$$      d$$$$$$$$$$$.
               $$$.             $$$$xP $$$$     $$$$$$'  >$$$$
               $$$$$$$$$.       $$$$P  $$$$     4$$$$$. .$$$$'
               $$$$'`4$$$b.     $$$$   $$$$      4$$$$$$$$$P'
               $$$$b  4$$$$b.   $$$$$$$$$$$       4$$$<          %%
               $$$$$b  4$$$$$x  $$$$$$$$$$$        4$$$$$$$$$    %%

                               >> Fishies <<
                                by -> aster

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

If the fishies took over we would still have chiken for dinner. we would not
have fish or clams or any other stuff from the water. but we would have chken.
we wouldn't sleep on beds anymore. we would sleep n "yhammocks" I don't  know
what they are but apperentling thew fishiues doo. when the fishies take over
the dirt will be pale green and the grass will be bright yellow. when we step
oput into the street on a nice Sunday morning the we will get soaking wet.
there will be no water to be seen, anywhere. the  world will be in a drought.
but when we step out onto the street on a nice Sunday morning, we will come
back drenched. when the fishies take over they will use their speacial lingo
only fore them. we onlyu hear "glub glub" but they are making very intelligent
conversation. because we are to stupid to understand. when the fishies take
over all the ummbrellas will dissappear. that way, when it rains, we will all
stay dry. and when the fishies take over computers will look like seaweed and
shoes will smeel like cinnamin. cats will turn into catfish, and dogs will
turn into hampster-fish. but when the fishies take over we won';t lknow it.
when the fishies take over fires will no longer burn and wax will no longer
melt. it will just sit there. in odd shapes. when the fishies take ovcer tvs
will explode, and radios will turn into tomatoes. pataoes will scream and
carrots will turn green. when the fishies take over the sun will turn blue,
and the sky will turn blue too. when the fishgies take over all people that
are wearing read turtlenecks will laff so hard that they fall anf can't get
up. when thye fishies tyake over they will play our music too quietly and
their's much too loud. when the fishies take over A's will turn into G's and
the word "and" will mean "to spit".

when the fishies take over we will not have chiken for dinner.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    * (c) HoE publications.  HoE #252 -- written by aster -- 7/15/98 *
