


                    API - American Pirate Industries

                        Newsletter, Isssue #2.

                            File #1 of 4.




                                                                        Page 1.

===============================================================================
                     API NEWSLETTER - UPDATE TO ISSUE #1.
===============================================================================

Well, it's been quite a while since our last newsletter, people were asking
about the second one immediately after the first was released.. well, here
it is.. The second one.. it was originally planned to be much bigger, but since
we're in a rush, we've released this one, the third one should be bigger and
better.

The third one IS being worked on, but we are having a couple of problems. One:
All of our members have better things to do than work on the newsletter (girls,
school, real lives, etc). Two: There's not really much going on right now to
write about. We are continuing to release cheats, and a text file here or
there, but there hasnt been that much to write about. We've tried to narrow it
down to what you want to know that you may or may not, and not include alot
about ourselves or unimportant things. That limits our size very much, but in
an effort to not become dormant, as some groups have, we have decided to
release this newsletter to let you know what's going on with us.

Many people have been asking "So what's API doing now?  I haven't seen anything
from them in a while...", well, that's what this update will cover, it mentions
just about everything we're working on that is close to positive.. we have alot
of activities going, but not everything is definite, and therefore, we can't
really mention it all.

===============================================================================




                                                                        Page 2.

===============================================================================
                                US AND YOU.
===============================================================================

First, a word on us. We're here because we are trying to serve the entire
underground world. This includes the realms of piracy, phreaking, hacking,
anarchy, and fraud. In each of the upcomming issues we will try to include
information on all of these topics. 

Now a word on us and you, and how we can help each other.

Currently, our ranks are made up of exclusivly IBM users. I am sure that there
are people in the Apple/Commodore/Atari realms with plenty of information and
knowledge that everyone could benifet from. If you use a non-IBM/DOS Based
machine and think you could provide quaility information to our newsletters, or
write quality files on Phreaking, Hacking, Anarchy, or Fraud call any API board
that you have the number to, or if you dont have any, call Solsbury Hill
(301/428-3268) and apply, in your feedback state that you'd like to be a member
Of course, if you have use an IBM machine, and think you have something to
offer, you can do the same.

If you are already writing [text] files, or have been, but do not wish to be
in a group, contact us anyway, and we will make sure your files get
distributed, your files will not be altered in any way, except some sort of
little "Distributed by A.P.I." will be stuck on the bottom.

If you wish to write files, and remain anonymous, that's ok too. We will see
that the file(s) is/are distributed and you will remain completely anonymous.

Remember, we are here to serve you, the underground community, and to serve you
better, we need your opinions, ideas, etc.. leave feedback on any API board, or
contact any API member on any other board.

===============================================================================


Page #3 - Quick News / Conclusion

===============================================================================

Now what's been going on with us...

Black Sabbath has left the BBS community for good, and his board went with
him naturally.  We'll miss him.

Mind Shadow hasn't been heard from for ages, his fate is unknown.

We are now proudly sponsoring AfterShock BBS software.

We are currently in the process of straightening out and totally (re)organizing
our BBS/network system, and setting up our distribution system.

We also have plans for API subs on several Networks.

More news to come...

Boy this is a small letter...

===============================================================================


X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 Rat Head                                 Ratsnatcher          510-524-3649
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
