From: aq817@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (Steve Crocker)
Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy
Subject: "The Project" Newsletter - 3 of 4 (Winter 1990-1991)
Message-ID: <1f7k8dINN40v@usenet.INS.CWRU.Edu>
Date: 28 Nov 1992 11:13:17 GMT
Organization: Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, Ohio (USA)
Lines: 613


The Project


Winter 1990-91, Volume VII, Number 4



Published by A-albionic Research, P. O. Box 20273, Ferndale, Michigan 48220.
Copyrighted articles so indicated.  All other articles may be re-printed
without charge if the name and address of A-albionic Research is included as
the source of the article or excerpt.  Display, classified, and insert
advertising rates upon request.



This is the Winter 1990-1991 Project.  It is converted to DOS ASCII text from
WordPerfect 5.1.  The accompanying files are "text boxes". Those who wish to
obtain WordPerfect 5.1 files including graphics and text boxes may send a 3.5
or 5.5 disk and $5.00 to A-albionic Research, PO Box 20273, Ferndale, Michigan
48220.



THE BEGINNING
By John Duran


Doesn't it seem at least slightly suspicious that the New Testament should be
written at a time when Rome was at war with the Jews?  And that the public
"history" that we have from the time is from the winning side.  The Roman
side!

This is the chronological account of not only how history was re- written, but 
also why the New Testament was written, and by whom, and how, and for what
purpose.  This tells the "real" history of biblical times between 19 C.E. and
192 C.E.

First, know that there is a hidden war going on, it is now in progress, and it 
is the result of the conspiracy that was initiated back in the first century
C.E.

A partial list of the original conspirators include: Lucius A.  Seneca, Galba, 
Pliny the Younger, Lucius Calpurnius Piso* Caesoninus), Arrius Calpurnius Piso 
(A.K.A. "Flavius Josephus"), Vespasian, Titus (Vespasian's son), Justus 
Calpurnius Piso (A.K.A. "Justin Martyr").

The same name as the Lucius Piso whose daughter married Julius Caesar - Lucius
Calpurnius Piso Caesoninus.  That earlier Lucius Piso was in fact, also a
Caesar!  He was Julius Caesar's father's brother (That's right, his uncle!).
And Lucia Calpurnia Piso was his first cousin.  Marc Antony was Julius
Caesar's 2nd uncle.

Now, I will fill you in on some of the pertinent factors and motives of the
time.  There were many battles fought between the Romans and the Jews, on the
field, and on paper - through propaganda.

Why? Well, for one thing, the Roman aristocratic way of life was at stake.  It
was one in which slavery played a major part.  The Roman way of life was one
based on power and control; the control of other people.  The Jewish way of
life was not tolerant of slavery, because it went against the humanistic
teachings of Hillel the Pharisee.  After the death of King Herod, the Herodian
Priests were losing control of the Jewish masses, because of this new
Pharisaic Party of Humanistic Jews.

Philippians 3:12  "Be all of you subject one to another, having your
conversion "honest" among the Gentiles" At first, they tried to give this new
religion to the Jews (new wine in old bottles), but when the Jews wouldn't
accept it, they went to give it to the Gentiles (new wine in new bottles), and
destroy the Jews.  The proportion of Jews (Jewish Beth Hillel,
zealots/Pharisees), in the Roman empire by the late 50's C.E. was over 20%.
As humanistic Jews, they were a threat to the Roman way of life, i.e.,
aristocratic.  So, a few conspirators in the hierarchy decided to give the
Jews a new religion - Christianity.

They synthesized this new religion, and based it upon the already existent
Jewish religion, and using the Jewish books, they customized it to fit the
Roman way of life.

The New Testament books were written after the supposed fact, so that it was
easy for them to be self-fulfilling.  The first "Christian" book written was
"Ur Marcus", which was the prototype for the book "Mark" that was written by
Arrius Piso.

"Ur Marcus" was written by Lucius (Lucillius) Calpurnius Caesoninus Piso in 
about the year 60 C.E. (Perhaps closer to the year 62 C.E.).  Even theologians 
agree that chronologically "Mark" would come before "Matthew".  The main 
conspirators at this time included: Seneca, Galba, Lucius Piso, Gaius Piso, 
and Seneca's nephew "Lucan the Poet".  Arrius Piso was 28 years old in 65 C.E.

The book "Ur Marcus" was given to the Jews, who soon rejected it.  Of course, 
they maintained a company of their own private slaves which they used as 
scribes to make copies of their books to distribute to the masses, after which 
the slaves were killed.  This practice was copied after the Egyptian Pharaohs' 
practice of killing the slaves who worked on the inner-chamber of the 
Pyramids.  For, these slaves also worked on the inner-circle of the "triangle"
(the new trinity).  Next, the book "Ur Marcus" was given to slaves and
gentiles, who bought it hook, line, and sinker.

This new group of followers were called "Gentile Christians", or non-Jewish 
Christians.  In 66 C.E., Arrius Piso deliberately provoked the Jewish revolt
so that he could pave the way to destroying the Temple because the Jews were
not accepting his Uncle's story "Ur Marcus", which was intended to pacify the
Jews.

About the year 70, Lucius Piso wrote another book called "Ur Matthias" (the 
two books that went to the Logia, "Ur Marcus" and "Ur Matthias" were written
by Lucius Piso).  Lucius Piso died in the year 73 C.E., that was when Arrius
Piso inherited his works.

By the year 70, Arrius Piso and Titus' army had destroyed the Temple in 
Jerusalem.  Somewhere between the year 70 and 75, Arrius Piso re-wrote his 
Uncle's books and gave his Uncle's fictional messiah the name "Jesus".  It was
Arrius Piso who thought to name the character "Jesus", because it was Joseph
(Josephus) who was the father of the fictional Jesus in the story.  Now, when
writing the books of the New Testament, Arrius borrowed the characteristics
for his characters from earlier prototypes.  The character for Jesus and even
the concept of the trinity, was borrowed from the already ancient Egyptian
equivalent of the Holy family.  Osiris/Joseph - the father who is a lesser god
than the son;  Isis/Mary - the virgin mother;  and their son Horus, who was
the equivalent of Jesus (they even made a "Horus-Caesar" as a joke in Egypt,
Ref. "The Nile", Emil Ludwig, pg. 417 ).

Also, some of the characteristics used to create the Jesus character and some 
of the "sayings" that they used, were borrowed from Hillel the Pharisee.  This
was all too obvious to the Jews, and especially to the Rabbis of the day, who
for the most part, were relatives (descendants) of Hillel (Beth Hillel).
These same were also relatives (distant?) of the Pisos, for they also were
descendants of King David.

Arrius Piso used "Hercules" to contribute the following attributes and 
characteristics to his Jesus character: 1. The "Prince of Peace" title, 2. The 
virgin mother, 3. a father who was a god,... and 4. he too was "the only 
begotten son" of his "god father" (father, god), 5. Hercules too was called 
"savior", and 6. had the title "the good shepherd", and 7., Hercules also died 
and went for a brief visit to hell (Hades), after which, he then ascended to 
Heaven (the heavens).

By 75 C.E., Arrius Piso had revised the book "Ur Marcus" and we now know that 
book as the book "Mark" of the New Testament.  Of course, with all of these 
things going on, and with new conspirators on the rise, the conspirators 
didn't want to attract any suspicion, but at the same time, they needed a 
system in which they could not only keep track of their own material 
(propaganda), but also keep their identities secret, yet still be able to 
claim authorship - for both prosperity and their own egos.

2:2, The Epistles of Paul the Apostle to Seneca (Anneas Seneca, d. 65 C.E.); 
"For you know when, and by whom, at what seasons, and to whom I must deliver
every thing which I send", (ref.  Apocryphal New Testament).

The fact of the matter is, that Seneca did not live long enough to see any 
other "Christian" books or paraphernalia except "Ur Marcus" - the prototype 
for the book "Mark".  The Epistles of Paul the Apostle were written by Justus
Calpernius Piso, and realizing this, it would also be realized that Seneca had
long been departed.  Justus didn't start writing until the late 90's C.E.,
when he helped his dad and Pliny write "Acts of the Apostles".

Now that you have been briefed on the background of the conspiracy, here is a 
chronological synopsis.  Germanicus Caesar was the nephew and adopted son of
the Roman Emperor Tiberius.  Germanicus was born in 15 B.C.E., and died in 19
C.E., when he was poisoned by Cnaeus Calpurnius Piso, the Governor of Syria.

Cnaeus C. Piso was the father of Gaius, Marcus, & Lucius Calpurnius Piso.  
Cnaeus died in 20 C.E.  Gaius Calpurnius Piso was the father of Arrius
Calpurnius Piso a.k.a. Flavius Josephus.

The Pisos were Romans and Arrius was also technically a Jew by descent because 
his mother was a Jew (or rather, a descendant of the Jewish hierarchy), his
mother was Mariam (Arria the Younger) the Great-Granddaughter of King Herod
the Great.  Arrius C. Piso was born in the year 37 C.E.  The Younger Arria was
the daughter of Arria the Elder who was the wife of Caecina Paetus.  Caecina
Paetus was involved in a conspiracy of Scribonianus' against the Emperor
Claudius in 42 C.E., and was condemned to death.  Paetus' wife, Arria, did not
wish to survive him and took her life with him - by dagger.  The Younger Arria
found herself in the same situation in the year 65 C.E. with her husband
Thrasea Paetus (Gaius Piso), but her husband begged her to live for the sake
of their children.  Philo of Alexandria died about 45 C.E., and Philo
mentioned Pilate in connection with the incident concerning the Roman shields,
but he did not, nor could he, make any mention of Jesus or the Christian story
(the works of "Philo" are suspect also).  If, he was a real person other than
Arrius Piso, he was a relative of Arrius Piso through the Herods of Judea.

"Philo" mentioned "Pilate", not "Pontius" Pilate, because "Pontius" was added 
to the name later, as Pliny was helping Arrius write "Luke".  Arrius Piso 
honored Pliny by adding the name "Pontius" as a variant of the name of the 
Province in which Pliny was in charge-Pontus.  So, that gave Pliny the 
nickname "Pontius".

In and around the year 55 C.E., Rome started feeling the pressure of the new
humanistic, anti-slavery, Pharisaic Jewish Party upon the aristocratic Roman
lifestyle. During the years between 55 and 62, the Pisos' popularity and
family status had once again risen to a very high aristocratic level amongst
those Patriotic Romans (and the Jewish hierarchy), who wanted to preserve that
hallowed Roman institution of slavery.  And along with Seneca, Galba, and a
host of others, the Pisos were likened to heros by a majority of influential
and powerful Romans.  In about the year 60, Lucius Calpurnius Piso wrote "Ur
Marcus" - the prototype for the book "Mark" (which was later to be re-written
by Arrius Piso). During the following four years, Lucius, Seneca, Persius the
Poet, and miscellaneous other conspirators tried to get Nero to assist them in
their plan to give the people a new religion to help preserve the Roman
institution of slavery and regain control of the masses through religion (by
which they could then easily manipulate them through the use of rhetoric and
spuriously synthesized ideologies).

But these conspirators were thoroughly surprised to find that after giving
Nero the details of their plan - he opposed it!  Nero opposed the plan because
his mistress at the time (who later became his wife), Poppea, was of the
pro-Jewish Pharisaic Party.  So, Gaius and Lucius Piso and their group planned
to assassinate Nero in the year 65 C.E.  The attempt failed because Milichus
told Nero about the plot in the hopes of receiving a large reward, but Nero
was so shook with sudden terror that he mistook Milichus' greed for loyalty.
Nero started questioning all of the conspirators that Milichus named, they in
turn named even more.

Gaius Piso was put to death in his own home (remember, this is Thrasea Paetus,
and he was at home with his wife Arria the Younger).  He committed suicide as
ordered, so that his family would not lose their holdings to the state.  This
order of suicide came from Nero to Gaius Piso just after Piso had been
nominated senatorial successor that year.  Seneca (Nero's rhetoric teacher),
and Seneca's nephew Lucan, Barea Soranus, Faenius Rufus, and miscellaneous
others were executed by Nero.  Nero exiled  Gaius' son, Arrius, to Syria,
where he stationed him as Governor (just as Arrius' Grandfather Cnaeus Piso
had been Governor of Syria also).  Nero could not kill such a powerful figure
as his relative Lucius Calpurnius Piso Caesoninus, because he was the name
sake of the earlier Roman Hero whose daughter married Julius Caesar.  So,
Lucius Piso, one of the main conspirators, escaped with his life.  Nero
allowed this only to prevent a uprising.  Lucius Piso married his dead
brother's wife, and adopted Arrius Piso.  Nero still went about weeding out
conspirators.

Nero executed Gaius Petronius Arbiter in 66, as a conspirator of Piso's.  And 
in that same year, Arrius Piso    deliberately provoked a Jewish revolt - so 
he would have an excuse to destroy the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem.  But Arrius 
wouldn't be able to do that until the year 70, when he would have the help of 
Titus' Army (inner-circle source for the phrase "you and what army"?).  In 67, 
Nero ordered his probably loyal relative General  Corbulo (also an Ahenobarbii 
like Nero through his father, in fact, Corbulo may have been Nero's Uncle), to 
commit suicide, as  he also was suspected to be a conspirator of Piso.  Arrius 
Piso finally succeeded in assassinating Nero by having Nero's slave 
Epaphroditus do it for him (actually, this Epaphroditus was probably Arrius 
Piso himself.  I will explain this further later), in 68 C.E., Galba then 
became Emperor and named Arrius' cousin, Licinianus Frugi Piso, as his 
intended successor.

On January 1st of the year 69 C.E., Lower Germany declared Aulus Vitellius
legate of that Province.  Licinianus Piso was killed along with Galba in Rome
during an uprising of soldiers put into action by Otho on January 15th.
Licinianus Piso lived four days longer than Galba, and so, was Emperor of Rome
for those four days.  Otho had taken Poppea, Nero's widow to be his wife and
was Emperor after Piso.  Then, Otho was forced to kill himself after being
defeated by Vitellius, who was then killed by an uprising of soldiers - staged
by Arrius Piso in order to secure Vespasian's position as new Emperor.  All of
this in the year 69 C.E.  Why would Arrius Piso want Vespasian to be the new
Emperor?  Arrius Calpernius Piso was the grandson of Vespasian's own brother!

Because T. Flavius Sabinus 2 (Vespasian's brother, where Arrius gets the 
"Flavius" in his "Flavius Josephus" name), was married to the elder Arria, 
Arrius Piso's Grandmother!  So, the Emperor Vespasian was Arrius Piso's 
Grand-Uncle!  The year 70 C.E. saw the destruction of the Temple in Jerusalem, 
where many thousands of Jews were killed by Titus' and Piso's army.  And about 
that year (or more probably year 71), Lucius Piso wrote his second book, the 
logia "Ur Matthias".  In the year 71, Titus issued his infamous "Captive 
Judea" coin.  And in the year 73, as a Roman General, Arrius Piso and his Army 
destroyed the last three Jewish outposts - Machaerus, Herodian and Mesada.  It 
was in this year that Lucius Piso was killed, supposedly "accidentally" by 
Arrius Piso himself.  Arrius Piso then starts re-writing his Uncles' books.  
Arrius Piso has the original copies translated from his Uncles' Latin 
versions, into Greek, and even though Arrius had altered them slightly, they 
still contain a strong hint of Latin influence.  So, about the year 75, the 
new versions of "Mark" and "Matthew" appear.  79 was the year of the eruption 
of Mt.  Vesuvius at the Bay of Naples, which buried the cities of Pompeii and 
Herculanem.  Pliny the Younger, and his Uncle (the Elder Pliny), saw the 
eruption and tried to save some of their family members (and books) who were 
caretakers of Lucius Piso's library at Herculanem.  The Elder Pliny lost his 
life there at the Bay of Naples, but even though they managed to take some
books, they left about 800 of them behind (which is an estimate made by the
most studious D. Comporetti).

Excavations show that there was a quantity Epicurean Philosophic papyrus in
both Greek and Latin, but the vast  majority of the papyri was written in
Latin (which was Lucius Piso's main language).  Some of the Greek papyrus was
originally from the library of their ancestor and Epicurean philosopher -
Philodemus of Gadara.  In the year 80, a severe fire was supposed  to have
occured in Rome.  And in the year 84, Pliny the Younger officially became a
member of the immediate Piso family by his marriage to Arrius Piso's
granddaughter "Calpurnia" (this, according to my earlier notes.  However,
Pliny was already related, at least semi-distantly).  During the year 85, both
Arrius and Pliny the Younger together wrote the New Testament book "Luke".
And in the year 90, Arrius started writing the "Jewish Antiquities" under his
pen name of "Flavius Josephus".

Arrius Piso's sister Fannia, who was infamous for the number of times in which 
she had been banished, came back to Rome with her mother - Arria the younger
(the widow of "Thrasea Paetus" a.k.a.  Gaius Piso.  Fannia was banished again
in 93 (under Domitian), and her property was confiscated.  Also, in 93,
Suetonius came to live with his grandfather - Arrius Piso!  When Suetonius'
father Rufus died in 93, Arrius brought Suetonius (in "history" under the
names "Arrius Verus" and "Titus Antonius"), into his home.  Suetonius was the
son of Arrius Piso's daughter Claudia Phoebe Pompeia Plotina Calpurnia Pisa
(Piso).

In the year 95, Alexander, Arrius Piso's first son (who was the father of
Pliny's wife Calpurnia), died.  Also, in that year, Flavius Clemens, a first
cousin of the Emperor Domitian, was executed on a charge of "atheism".  Many
have wondered just what was meant by this.  Remember who "God" was?  Caesar!
So, to say that there was no God, was to denounce Caesar - who just happened
to be "Domitian" at the time.  Then in 96, Piso (Arrius) and Pliny
assassinated Domitian, who was the second son and last main surviver of
Vespasian.  The "Dynamic Duo" (Arrius & Pliny) were assisted in the
assassination by "Stephanus" (Remember the martyr of Stephan, 1st Cor. 1:16),
who was the slave of the Emperor's niece "Domitilla".  Then, they appointed
the Elderly Nerva Emperor, because he would allow the Pisos to do anything
that they liked.  He ruled for two years and died of natural causes.

Also, in 96, Piso started writing his "Vita" while helping his son, Fabius 
Justus (Justin Martyr) Calpurnius Piso and Pliny  the Younger write "Acts of 
the Apostles" (which they finished about the year 100).  In 98, when Nerva 
died, Trajan became Emperor.  Trajan was Arrius Piso's son-in-law.  He was 
married to Claudia Phoebe Pompeia Plotina Piso.  Martial, their relative,  
wrote about their marriage.  Because Piso's daughter was  Emperoress, she was 
allowed to write an actual portion of the New Testament, because remember, the 
New Testament was "THE BOOK OF  LIFE" itself!

She wrote the last part of "Romans".  That was the year 100, when her brother 
Proculus was writing "Romans".  Pliny started writing "1st Corinthians", 
"Galatians", and "Ephesians", finishing those books in the year 103.  Also in 
the year 100, Pliny was starting up the first churches in Pontus and Bithynia.  
Now the Piso family really kicks into high gear!  Between the years 100-105, 
Pliny writes "Titus" and starts writing epistles as "St. Ignatius" (he wrote 
epistles to the churches that he started up!).  Can you picture this?  Such
was how Christianity was started.  And Julius Piso wrote an epistle as
"Clement of Rome", Proculus, as "St. Polycarp".  In the year 105, Justus
writes the "Gospel of John".

Justus wrote "Timothy 2" in 107 C.E., while helping his son Julianus, and his 
nephew Silanus, to write "Thessalonians" 1 & 2, which they finished writing 
around 110 C.E.  During that time, Justus and Julianus also wrote "Philemon",
and Justus finished up "James" by himself in 110.  Between the years 110 and
115, Proculus Piso and Julius Piso were the family writers.  Proculus was
writing "Peter" 1 & 2, and Julius was writing "John" 1, 2 and 3, and "Jude".
By the end of 115, all of the books of the New Testament were written, except
"Revelations" and "Hebrews".

Pliny the Younger, playing the part of "Paul" in Titus 1:12, quotes
"Epimenides the Cretan" saying; "All Cretans are liars".  That is, a Cretan
(Greek) saying that all Cretans are liars.  Why would Pliny say this in the
first place?  Because he was teasing at the fact that the Pisos were liars
descended from the Greeks, and in fact, directly descended from the brother of
Alexander the Great (his brother's name was "Lagos" which means "The Rabbit").

Note: There is a noted similarity found in the Lord's Prayer (written by 
Arrius Piso), and Philo of Alexandria (Purportedly, the chief Rabbi of
Alexandria, Egypt); "If you ask pardon for "your" sins ("sins?") do you also
forgive those who have trespassed against "you"?  For, (in this), remission is
granted for remission."  The "remission of sins" sounds familiar.  So does
"forgive those whom have trespassed".  Sounds a lot like that old devil
himself, Arrius Piso!  Also, Philo of Alexandria was supposed to have died
around the year 45 C.E., the Jews didn't start calling teachers "Rabbi" until
after the year 70!


THE "SON" COMETH!

Matt. 4:3; "If thou art (the) son of God, speak, that these stones may turn to 
loaves (of bread)."  He then smartly answers his own remark in Matt. 4:4, 
saying; "Man does not live by bread alone."

Later, in Matt. 7:9, he says; "Or what man is there of you who, if his son 
should ask (for) bread, will give him a stone?"  This is said again in Luke
4:3.  And in 1st Peter 2:4; "To whom coming, (as) a living stone, is indeed
rejected by men."  For more on this, see "Revelations Exposed".




"Beginnings" is the introduction to John Duran's book, The Origins of 
Christianity, which can be obtained for $5.00 from Duran Releases, PO Box 227,
Pomona, CA 91769.  Of course, we also recommend reading Abelard Reuchlin's The
True Authorship of the New Testament ($5.00 in-stock) on the same theme.

Interested researchers need to know the opposite, compteting "conspiracy" 
theory of the "seeding" of the Christian "social organism."  Marcus Eli
Ravage, a Jewish writer from the 1920's who worshiped at the feet of the
Rothschilds, wrote A Real Case Against the Jews to prove that Christianity was
created by Jews to destroy the Roman Empire and the robust Pagan spirit that
prevented Jewish control of Pagan society.  Only with the Pagans transformed
under Jesus "meek and mild" could the Jews rise to covert world imperium!
There is some chance this was written as a satire, but who knows?  In-stock
$7.00



The Keys of This Blood: The Struggle for World Dominion Between Pope John Paul 
II, Mikhail Gorbachev, and the Capitalist West

By Malachi Martin

727 Page Hardcover, In-stock $24.95







                           Order Form
                      BOOKS AND BACK ISSUES
    Prices and availability subject to change without notice.
    Allow 30 days for delivery.  No credit.  All sales final.
  Include check or money order with order or select COD below.
                  5% discount for money orders.
             No returns except for physical damage. 

Name____________________________________________________________________________

Address__________________________________________________________________________

City____________________________________________State________________Zip__________

Quan.  Item/Title/Order Number                    Price   
~DDDDDBDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDRDDDDDDDDDDD~
      3                                     :
~DDDDDEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDWDDDDDDDDDDD~
      3                                     :
~DDDDDEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDWDDDDDDDDDDD~
      3                                     :
~DDDDDEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDWDDDDDDDDDDD~
      3                                     :
~DDDDDEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDWDDDDDDDDDDD~
      3                                     :
~DDDDDEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDWDDDDDDDDDDD~
      3                                     :
~DDDDDEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDWDDDDDDDDDDD~
      3                                     :
~DDDDDEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDWDDDDDDDDDDD~       
      3                                     :            
~DDDDDADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDWDDDDDDDDDDD~
Postage & Handling (per order, not per item):
                Standard (All Orders)       :+     $3.00
                                            GDDDDDDDDDDD~
                COD ($15.00 if desired)     :+           
                                            GDDDDDDDDDDD~
                UPS ($10.00 if desired)     :+
                                            GDDDDDDDDDDD~
                Extra Foreign Postage       :+
                 ($1.00/item)               GDDDDDDDDDDD~
                Subtract Credits            :-                  
                 (See "Package Deal")       GDDDDDDDDDDD~
You may         Total Subscriptions         :+
Deduct                                      GDDDDDDDDDDD~
5% for        Net Amount This Order       :
Money order!     (See "Free Bonus Books")   GDDDDDDDDDDD



the Project
Subscription Form      









~MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
YES!!I want to receive the Project, the executive summary of the on-going
research of a private network dedicated to applying the scientific method to
conspiracy theories of history.  Current issues of the Project revolve around
clarifying, elaborating, and testing the hypothesis that a traditionally
London-centered world money cartel, under the patronage of the British Crown,
vies for dominion of world affairs on multiple levels with the Vatican, the
Empire of the City(of London)'s ancient enemy and competing social organic
heir to the mantle of Rome.  The Project appears quarterly for social-
political-religious activists, investors, futurologists, students of
geopolitics, students of secret societies and subversion, observers of super-
rich dynasties, students of social organic collective consciousness, and
others who, though not necessarily non-partisan themselves, can benefit from
objective, non-partisan ruling class/conspiracy scholarship.

Please sign me up for:                  Date:____________ (Do not neglect!)
~Renewal Subscription        ~New Subscription      ~Extension Subscription

~Regular Subscription--$30.00/year ($12.00 Credit)
~Corresponding Subscription--$40.00/year ($18.00 Credit)
~Participating Subscription--$50.00/year ($24.00 Credit)
~Supporting Subscription--$60.00/year ($36.00 Credit)
~Institutions (Libraries, etc.)--$35.00/year
~Airmail Postage Outside the US and Canada--Add $10.00
~Extension of Subscription (years, type,
amount)__________________________________

Note:  The cover sheet of this catalog is your order form for subscriptions,
books, pamphlets, and back issues.  Please enter the proper subscription
amount and package deal credit amount in the appropriate boxes on the back
page order form.  By using the back page order form, you may qualify for a
number of free books!  Mail the entire cover sheet with your order including
our mailing label.  Correct your address, if necessary.
                         Explanation of Privileges
Regular Subscription -- Passive, letters read.  Corresponding Subscription --
Letters read and answered privately.  Participating Subscription -- Letters
read and responded to in the Project on request.  Supporting Subscription --
Hypotheses pursued in the Project for the benefits of networking when
requested by the subscriber.





These books are free gifts for large orders.  Choose 4 if your order is
over $50.00.  Choose 9 if your order is over $100.00

      ~They Were White and They Were Slaves by Michael Hoffman II ($5.00)
      ~Their God is the Devil:  Papal Encyclicals and Freemasonry by Paul
Fisher ($10.00)
      ~Holy Blood/Holy Grail by Baigent et. al. ($5.95)
      ~Messianic Legacy by Baigent et. al. ($4.95)
      ~The Onslaught Against Bible Protestantism by Dr. Ronald Cooke ($5.00)
      ~The Rhodes Scholar Expos
--from the Chicago Tribune--Early 1950's
($5.00)
      ~The Cult of the All-Seeing Eye by Robert Keith Spencer ($4.00)
      ~The Prince and the Paranormal:  The Psychic Bloodline of the Royal
Family by John Dale ($15.00)
      ~Understanding the New World Order:  Preparations for Antichrist's One
World Government by Livesey ($12.00)
      ~More Understanding the New Age:  Discerning Antichrist and the Occult
Revival by Livesey ($12.00)
      ~Leviathan by Hobbes ($5.95)
      ~The Presence of the Past by Sheldrake ($10.95)
      ~A Real Case Against the Jews by Marcus Eli Ravage ($7.00)                 
      ~The True Authorship of the New Testament by Reuchlin ($6.00)
      ~The Book of Martyrs by Foxe ($5.00)
      ~The Brotherhood by Knight ($10.00)
      ~What is British Israel by Lasell ($5.00)
      ~Report from Iron Mountain ($5.00)
      ~Philip Dru:  Administrator by Col. House ($7.50)
      ~Spiritual Communism ($5.00)
      ~Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars ($12.00)
      ~The Treachery of Thomas Jefferson by Phau ($7.95)
      ~The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion ($6.00)
      ~Coin's Financial School by Harvey ($12.00)
      ~Kennedy Murder Conspiracy by LaRouche ($3.95)
      ~Roman Catholicism UnAmerican by Lambert ($5.00)
      ~Crisis in Northern Ireland by Dr. Cooke ($5.00)
      ~Paisley and Mystery Babylon by Dr. Cooke ($5.00)
      ~The Occult Technology of Power--Anonymous ($8.95)
      ~The Truth About Rockefeller:  Public Enemy #1 by Dr. Josephson
($4.00)
      ~The Vatican-Jesuit Global Conspiracy by Dr. Cooke ($5.00)
      ~The Secrets of Masonic Mind Control:  Alchemical Psychodrama and the
Processing of Humanity by Michael Hoffman ($5.75)
      ~Christopher Columbus was a Spanish Jew by Bro. Nectario ($5.00)
      ~The Unheeded Teachings of Jesus Christ:  The Strangest Story Never
Told (Scoptsi/Soviet Alliance) by Dr. Josephson ($5.00)
      ~The Federal Reserve Conspiracy and the Rockefellers:  Their Gold
Corner by Dr Josephson ($7.50)
      ~Word Controlled Humans by Harlan ($5.00)
      ~Foucault's Pendulum by Umberto Eco ($6.95)
      ~Report on the Conspiracy to Rule the World ($5.00)
      ~The Suppressed Truth About the Assassination of Lincoln by McCarty,
Ex-Romanist ($5.00)
      ~Buckley Family:  Wall Street Fabians in the Conservative Movement by
Thompson ($5.00)
      ~Mystery Babylon:  A Present Day Reality by Don Bell ($7.00)
      ~The Unholy Alliance ($6.00)
      ~Freemasonry Came to America with Captain John Smith by Trudhope
($15.00)
      ~Empire of the City:  World Super State by Knuth ($5.00)
      ~The Real Story of the Trilateral Commission by Lyndon LaRouche
($8.95)
      ~Expel Britain's Kissinger for Treason by Kalimgtis ($8.95)
      ~Farewell America (Kennedy Assassination) by Hepburn ($9.95)
      ~Two Faces of George Bush (Skull and Bones Secret Society Expos
) by
Antony Sutton ($7.95)
      ~Systems Analysis:  White Collar Genocide by LaRouche ($6.95)
      ~The Mad Khomeini:  Treason in Washington ($8.95)
      ~Single Back Issues of Conspiracy Digest or Project ($3-9.00 each)





                                 A Note On Recommended Reading

The books, reports, and articles recommended are not without serious faults
from the point-of-view of the Project.  Most are guilty of blatant partisan
bias, too often on the basis of ideology, religion, race, class, interest
group, etc.  Unfortunately, by its nature, ruling class research is not and
probably never will be solely the province of disinterested scholars. 
However, keep in mind that the bootlicking, lying court historians
cultivate only the appearance of objectivity and, therefore, deserve even
less credit than some of the partisan authors we have recommended.

The Project hypothesis is unique in ruling class-conspiracy literature. 
None of the authors recommended present the Project theory.  The
recommended reading simply contributes facts, research leads, evidence,
testimony, insights, theorizing, and speculation relevant to the Project's
progress toward uncovering the objective nature of the ruling class-
conspiracy or power organism(s).  Do not judge the Project theory by the
readings recommended. We recommend many authors not for objective
information, but for insight into the propaganda of the social power
organism which holds them in thrall. For the evolving Project theory
consult only the Project back issues, especially the August 1985 Issue
($9.00) for the original theory nd the Winter-Spring 1989-90 Issue ($9.00)
for a major revision of working hypothesis.

