
              ______       __       __  __          ______
             / __  /      /  \      \ \ \ \        / _\/_ \
            / /_/ /andom / /\ \ccess \ \_\ \umor  | |____| |
           / _  _/      / ____ \      \  __ \     \__ \____/
          / / \ \      / /    \ \      \ \ \ \     |_\____|
         /_/   \_\    /_/      \_\      \_\ \_\     |____|
         --------------------------------------------------
                   The Electronic Humor Magazine
         --------------------------------------------------
             Version  1    Release  A     January 1995
  
                        Editor: Dave Bealer

           Copyright 1995 Dave Bealer, All Rights Reserved

                 Printed on 100% recycled electrons

               Filmed before a virtual studio audience

          Random Access Humor is an irregular production of:

                     VaporWare Communications
                       32768 Infinite Loop
                  Sillycon Valley, CA. 80486-DX4
                 USA, Earth, Sol System, Milky Way


WARNING!  WARNING!  WARNING!  WARNING!  WARNING!  WARNING!  WARNING! 
The "look and feel" of Random Access Humor has been specifically 
earmarked, spindled and polygraphed.  Anyone who attempts to copy
this look and feel without express written consent of the publisher
will be fed to rabid radioactive hamsters by our Security Director,
Vinnie "The Knife" Calamari.


TABLE OF INCONTINENCE:
About Vaporware Communications.....................................01
Editorial - A Taxing Experience....................................01
Lettuce to the Editor..............................................02
1994 RAH Online Industry Awards....................................03
The Dating Game....................................................04
Attack Of The X Demographic........................................06
Recipe: Lemon Curry Stir-Fry.......................................08
DREAM FORGE Subscription Information...............................10
Announcements......................................................11
Bumper Stickers Seen on the Information Superhighway...............11
Masthead - Submission Information.................................A-1
RAH Distribution System...........................................A-3

Random Access Humor             Page  1                January 1995

About Vaporware Communications

VaporWare Communications is an operating division of VaporWare
Corporation, a public corporation.  Stock Ticker Symbol: SUKR
VaporWare Corporate Officers:

                        Luther Lecks
              President, Chief Egomaniac Officer

Dorian Debacle, M.B.A.              Gabriel Escargot 
V.P., Operations                    V.P., Customer Service

Pav Bhaji, M.Tax.(Avoidance)        Carlos Goebbels
V.P., Finance                       V.P., Political Correctness

Kung Pao Har Hoo, M.D., Ph.D., D.Sc. F.A.C.S, C.P.A., S.P.C.A.,
               Y.M.C.A., L.E.D., Q.E.D., op. cit., et al.
V.P., Research & Development
---------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTICE to sysops in Oklahoma and similar bastions of progressive
thinking:  This issue of RAH mentions body parts (such as hands and
feet) that may stir the prurient interests of the Thought Police in 
your area (or any other area that can reach your area by telephone).
You bear full responsibility for any reaction the presence of this 
material on your system may evoke from the Forces Of Goodness And 
Right (Reformed).  Have a nice day.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Mental Nutrition Facts
Serving Size  1 issue          Servings Per Container 1
=====================================================================
Amount per serving
Ideas: 23       Ideas from fatheads: 5
=====================================================================
                                                        % daily value
Total fatheads:  2                                           15
   Saturated fatheads: 1                                     24 
Castor Oil: 0                                                 0
Silliness: 11                                               110
Total Comic content: 51                        
  Actual jokes: 37                                           73
  Puns: 14                                                 1145  
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Editorial - A Taxing Experience
by Dave Bealer

One of my New Year's resolutions again this year will be to lose
weight.  Yeah, right! -- just when Goodyear is about to give me a
contract as their reserve blimp.  Another resolution will be to
actually complete and file my federal income tax return before April.

Many folks file at the very last minute so that they can save the
money needed to pay what they owe -- or just collect interest on it
until the last possible moment.  I'm one of those brilliant people
who files near the deadline despite the fact that Uncle Sam owes ME a
refund. 

Random Access Humor             Page  2                January 1995

My old Uncle Sam always seems to be down on his luck and looking for
a handout.  Nice guy that I am, I decide to let him keep what he owes
for a few months longer than necessary each year.  Right.  The truth,
of course, is that I'm a world class procrastinator.  My motto is,
"Never put off until tomorrow what you can put off until next month."

The sad thing is that many Americans use their tax overpayments as a
kind of savings plan.  It's the only way they can get together a big
chunk of money for major purchases.  Two years ago I used my refund
to purchase another 486 system to run my BBS.  This year I expect to
use it for one of those multi-disk CD-ROM changers for my personal
machine.  Those things are good for keeping lots of reference CD-ROMs
online at all times.  Plus it'll keep the disks from getting lost in
my office, which you generally need a machete to move around in.
                             - - - -
Another resolution is to actually make my first live (SLIP/PPP)
connection to the internet in 1995.  And I always thought telnet and
ftp were the real internet.  The Web is waiting.  So, undoubtedly, is
the Spider.                                                     {RAH}
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Lettuce to the Editor

 Area:    Internet Mail
 Date:    12-14-94 13:52 (Private) 
 From:    JIMMY.ANDERSON@VDIM.COM  
 To:      LETTUCE                  
 Subject: My first issue from you..
 Organization: The Virtual Dimension | Jackson, TN USA

Hi Lettuce!

Just wanted to let you know that I d/l the December issue from a
local BBS and only had to see part of it to know it *had* to be u/l
to the other regular BBS I use. It's great! I've already incorporated
some of the "bumper stickers" you showed into my tagline collection.
Thanks! :) 

I'll be sure to try and find some older issues now, and help pass
those on as well.

Good luck in the future in the merger!

jimmy.anderson@vdim.com
jla4268@erc.jscc.cc.tn.us
- - - - - - - - - - - -
Jimmy,

Thank you for the comments.  It's good to hear that new readers
aren't being discouraged by the merger.  Most of the feedback so far
has been positive.  To paraphrase both The Grateful Dead and MST3K:
"Keep circulating the ZIPs!"  <g>

DB

Random Access Humor             Page  3                January 1995

1994 RAH Online Industry Awards
by Dave Bealer

It's late December -- time to start working on the January issue of
RAH, and also time to spend a few seconds cooking up some malarky
that readers will accept as an awards article.  

No doubt about it, 1994 was a big year for the online industry.  Here
are some of the reasons why:

>> Most Successful Use of Smoke & Mirrors <<

  The World Wide Web (WWW)
    - touted by virtually every industry pundit as the greatest
      innovation since sliced silicon, "The Web" has been the
      biggest online news of 1994.  Since late summer organizations
      have been scrambling to get online with a web server.  This
      isn't too surprising, since statistics prove that more people
      are on the net (and using the web) than actually exist on the
      planet at this time.  (Hey, at least when they're "in the web"
      they're not out polluting streams and the air.)

>> Biggest Online Myth <<

  Bandwidth
    - the idea that there is enough bandwidth on the net to support
      ten or twenty million simultaneous SLIP or PPP connections to
      let everyone access all these wonderful new Web servers is the
      biggest load of bull droppings since Clinton said he was a "New
      Democrat" who was going to lower taxes.  The promise that there
      will be enough bandwidth REAL SOON NOW is about as believable as
      Clinton's protestations that he really WILL lower taxes one of
      these years.  Sure, they'll simply use some of the alien
      technology from all those UFOs that have crashed in the
      California desert through the years.  Don't worry, those
      companies that sell web server packages for $30,000 - $60,000
      to unsuspecting companies would never lie about the potential
      market.  Would they?  And for those who think that all the
      pre-existing coax TV cable is the answer, remember ISDN?  That
      was supposed to be the next level of throughput beyond voice
      telephone lines.  The trouble is that the Baby Bells are
      killing ISDN by pricing it out of the market.  The cable
      companies are likely to pull the same stunt unless someone can
      successfully reason with their executives.  Good luck.

>> Most Sensible WWW Server <<

  Welcome to the White House   (http://www.whitehouse.gov)
    - a move asked for by the Secret Service.  It's a lot easier to
      remove bullet holes from a web server screen that from the real
      White House.  Perhaps they should move the White House some
      place safe, like downtown Beirut.

Random Access Humor             Page  4                January 1995

>> Most Important Non-WWW Related Happening Online <<

  There wasn't one this year.

>> Most Important Non-WWW Related Happening Offline <<

  ONE BBSCON - Atlanta, GA.
    - Phil "Isn't that a neat laser?" Becker and Marion "Hey! It was
      John Wayne's real name too!" Rickard did it again.  A five day
      orgy of deal making that culminated in the First Annual Green
      Nerfball Over Banquet Table Challenge.  Nike and Coppertone are
      eyeing sponsorships for the second annual event this year,
      which may take place on the beach at Tarpon Springs, FL.

>> Least Believable Excuse <<

  Hayes Microcomputers Accounting Department
    - who were quoted, when explaining Hayes' mid-November Chapter 11
      bankruptcy filing, as saying, "Oops!  We were using Pentiums to
      run all our accounting software." 

>> Vaporware of the Year <<

  Remote Imaging Protocol V2.0 -- Telegrafix Communications, Inc.
    - the screens looked sharp in Atlanta back in August, JPEG photos
      and all.  But rumor has it that, even if RIP 2.0 does arrive,
      basic drawing functions present in V1.54 may be missing.  If
      the rumors are true, the industry may be better off if RIP 2.0
      remains vaporware.                                        {RAH}     
--------------
Dave Bealer is a thirty-something mainframe systems programmer who
works with CICS, MVS and all manner of nasty acronyms at one of the
largest heavy metal shops on the East Coast.  He shares a waterfront
townhome in Pasadena, MD. with two cats who annoy him endlessly as 
he writes and publishes electronically.  Dave can be reached via
email at: dbealer@dreamforge.com
---------------------------------------------------------------------
The Dating Game
by Greg Borek

Him: Where is that damned waiter?

Her: Please, don't swear, it's not very polite.  Besides, he's busy.
He'll be along in a moment.

Him: The service here really stinks.  I don't know why we ever came
to this fern dump.

Her: This is my favorite restaurant.  The atmosphere is so quaint in
here.  I really enjoy the ferns and antiques.  I would have decorated
it exactly the same way myself.  And besides, the food is so
interesting.

Random Access Humor             Page  5                January 1995

Him: What, the tiny piles of cleverly arranged, overpriced vegetarian
scraps?  There isn't enough wimpy food in the portions here to keep a
man going for ten minutes.  Now, give me a good, thick, bloody
steak,...

Her: AAUGH!

Him: ...preferably something I've killed myself.  Don't you find that
the meat you kill your self always tastes better for some reason?  I
often go out on the weekends with my NRA buddies, shoot a few bambis,
and drink couple of cases apiece.

Her: I don't think it's very clever to drink too much, especially
common and vulgar beer.  It's much more civilized to always be in
control.  We never have anything alcoholic to drink at our "Rabid
Friends of Animals" meetings.  Sometimes we have a little wine at our
Ballet appreciation nights, but those are special occasions.  Do you
attend any cultural activities?

Him: I go to all of the Jean-Claude Van Damme and Stephen Segal
movies as soon as they come out, if that's what you mean.  Oh, and
give me a good Death Wish or Dirty Harry movie any day.  Where is
that damn, oops, sorry, f-ing waiter?

Her: Um,...I don't want to state the obvious but I don't think this
is going to work out between us.

Him: Well, you're probably right but it's a shame we didn't get
along.  You are not that bad looking.

Her: NOT THAT BAD LOOKING?

Him: I mean you don't look that heavy.

Her: NOT THAT HEAVY?

Him: For a woman of your age.

Her: FOR A WOMAN OF MY AGE?  This has got to be the worst blind date
I've ever been on.  I can't imagine what the computer was thinking
when it matched us up.

Him: Computers are finite-state machines: they do not think.  Someone
input the wrong data into the program, that's all.  

Her: We have absolutely nothing in common.  Besides, you have all the
manners and social graces of a 5th level Scrubbletrang.

Him: A 5th level Scrubbletrang?  Scrubbletrangs are very rare below
the 3rd level unless...wait a minute, how do you know about
Scrubbletrangs?  Do you play "Voyage to the Plane of Death"?

Random Access Humor             Page  6                January 1995

Her: Play?  I'm a "Voyage" master.  I've completed all 12 levels in
all three sequels to the game.  Did you hear that they will be coming
out with another sequel in two months?  You don't seem the "Voyage"
type?

Him: Are you kidding?  I love the game.  Can't get enough of it!
Wow!  It is amazing to find someone who knows so much about the most
perfect computer game ever written.  How long did it take you to
figure out to use the candle to subdue the evil...

Waiter:  Will there be anything else this evening?

Him: Go away!  Can't you see I'm having an intimate conversation with
my girlfriend here?

Her: That's right!  Go away and leave us alone.  What were you
saying, dear?                                                   {RAH}
--------------
Greg Borek is a C programmer with a "Highway Helper" (OK, "Beltway
Bandit" - but don't tell his boss we told you) in Falls Church, VA.
He has previously been mistaken for a vampire.  Greg can be reached
via email at: gborek@dreamforge.com
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Attack Of The X Demographic
by Dave Bealer

Boomers Rule!  Or at least we used to.  As the largest generation in
American history, we Baby Boomers are used to being the center of
attention.  Thousands of brand new schools were built for our
specific use in the 1950s and 1960s, not that we appreciated them all
that much at the time.  We had bigger parties than anyone else (e.g.
Woodstock), more drugs, free love, and consequently less surviving
brain cells (on average) than any generation before or since.

Things change, however, even for the Boomers.  We took our time about
it, but many of us eventually started raising families.  Frequently
we skipped the "marry and settle down" prelude, not accustomed to
being bound by tradition.  Still, a peaceful, clean Earth suddenly
became less an exercise in idealism we desired for ourselves, than
something OUR children needed to live long, safe, happy lives.  Never
mind that as soon as they become teenagers, our kids go off tilting
at their own windmills.  At least their windmills are made from
recycled materials. 

Boomers have, on the whole, ended up with more traditional jobs than
they expected.  Geodesic dome installation and repair did not become
the growth industry that had been envisioned.  Neither did commune
planning or wind farm operation (except in the District of Columbia,
where the hot air blowing out of Congress keeps the lights burning 24
hours/day).

Random Access Humor             Page  7                January 1995

A disturbing number of Boomers ended up with careers in real estate,
insurance, law enforcement, law evasion, and other traditional
trades/professions.  Someone has to build and install our hot tubs,
decks, satellite dishes, big screen televisions with stereo speakers,
microwave digital toothbrushes, and other non-materialistic
accoutrements.

Yep, the Boomers turned into consumers.  Not just average consumers,
but the biggest, most gluttonous and short tempered gang of mall
lizards ever to descend on a rummage sale.  The kind of spendthrift
group that makes the folks who do marketing demographics drool all
over their charts and graphs.  Now, after years of incessant courting
by the marketing majors (and other vile detritus) of the world, we're
being dumped like a load of week-old mackerel.

The problem is we're getting older.  One would think that would be
good, at least from a marketing perspective.  People in their forties
and fifties typically hold senior positions in their respective
fields, earning more than they ever did before.  Although the people
who market Mercedes-Benzes and trusses target the "more mature"
demographics, the folks who peddle clothing, sunglasses, fast food,
music, sunblock, and electronics lust after that Holy Grail of
marketing, the 18-34 demographic.

As one of the youngest members of the Baby Boomers proper, I'm
already three years past that upper range of marketing cool.  Does
that make me a Late Boomer?  I've always been considered a late
bloomer.  In any event, my status was brought home to me recently
when the "classic rock" radio station I've been listening to while
driving to and from work for ten years was suddenly transformed into
a "Generation X" station.  That's right, a whole radio station
dedicated to the so-called music of a generation that refuses to give
out its real name.

I decided to give this "X" music a try for a few days.  At least it
didn't include any rap music, which I can't stand.  (The realization
that I was getting old struck a couple years ago when I caught myself
saying the exact same things about rap music that my parents said
about rock music.)  In the long run it was no good.  After so many
years I needed to hear those soothingly familiar sounds from the
sixties and seventies.

Since I'm apparently the last conservative in America who doesn't
listen to talk radio, finding a new music station was mandatory.
Eventually I found an FM station that plays music from the 1970s.
It's not all rock music, but at least it's familiar -- it keeps me
happy as I drive to the mall.  I can't afford a Mercedes right now,
so I'm going out to buy a truss.                                {RAH}
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Sound Byte:

"She turned me into a Newt!"
"Yes, Mr. Speaker.  Now, about this Witch Burning bill..."

Random Access Humor             Page  8                January 1995

Recipe: Lemon Curry Stir-Fry
by Dave Bealer

I come from a long line of good cooks...actually, it's more like a
wide line of good cooks.  Wizardry in the kitchen is the family
blessing, but eating too much of our conjurations is the family
curse.  Back in the mid-eighties I became fascinated with stir-fry
cooking.  This isn't too surprising, since I've always liked oriental
food.

It wasn't long before I started creating my own recipes.  One of my
more unusual creations is a sauce inspired by episode #33 of Monty
Python's Flying Circus.  That's the episode where various characters
throughout the program stop in mid-sentence and say, "Lemon curry?"
So here it is, my Lemon Curry Stir-Fry recipe:

     Sauce:
     -----
       2 teaspoons curry powder (mild or hot)
       1 tablespoon concentrated lemon juice
       2 slices fresh ginger root (minced)
       1 tablespoon Rice Vinegar
       1 tablespoon Rice Wine
       1 tablespoon Light Soy Sauce
       1 teaspoon minced garlic
         ground Szechuan Pepper (to taste)
         ground telicherry (black) pepper (to taste)
       2 tablespoons Peanut Oil


     Meat:  3/4 pound - 1 pound chicken, beef, or whatever you have
                 laying around.  Dice meat into cubes.

     Veggies:

     I always use diced onions, either green onions or spanish
     onions. Usually I include carrots, green peppers, fresh
     mushrooms and bean sprouts, when available.  Oriental tradition
     is to dice and/or slice the veggies into sizes/shapes similar to
     the meat.  For further oriental authenticity, you might try
     adding some canned (or fresh if you can get them) Bamboo Shoots
     and Water Chestnuts. 

 Directions:
 ----------
   Put peanut oil into hot wok, coat sides.
   Add ginger and garlic.  Fry for about 30 seconds.
   Add Onions and carrots.  Fry for about 2 minutes, while adding
     ground pepper (both kinds).
   Add meat and fry until slightly brown.
   Add green peppers, mushrooms.  Fry for about 2 minutes, while
     adding wine, vinegar, soy sauce, lemon juice and curry powder.
   Add bamboo shoots and/or water chestnuts, if used.  Fry for 1
     minute.  

Random Access Humor             Page  9                January 1995

   Add bean sprouts (or other soft vegetables), if used.
   Fry for about 30-45 seconds.
   Remove from heat.

If you REALLY want to go for the full Monty Python effect, why not
try SPAM as the meat in this dish?  If you need some, I have an
unopened can of SPAM left over from a Monty Python party/film
festival I hosted a couple years ago.                           {RAH}
---------------------------------------------------------------------
                      NEW FROM WAFFLEWARE!!

You are President Clinton, it is a month before the '94 elections,
and things do not look good.  Polls indicate that the GOP is very
likely to gain the majority in the Senate and make significant gains
in the House as well.  If matters weren't worse, many governorships
across the country are on the brink of shifting to the GOP's right
wing ideologies as well.

You are faced with...

                 CLINTON'S CONGRESS CALAMITY!!!

As President of the United States of America, you must prevent the
GOP from coming into power and thwarting your liberal schemes!  But
it won't be easy.  Here's a sample of what is in store from you:

      o Refute Newt Gingrich's "Contract With America" as
        a bunch of typical Republican policies designed to
        take money from the poor and elderly to make the rich
        richer and the deficit larger.
      o Confront the various claims and accusations which are
        continually being made by radio talk show hosts such as
        Rush Limbaugh.
      o Use propaganda to downplay the eighties and Reaganomics
        as the decade of greed and imply the GOP wants to take 
        the country back to this cold era of American history.
      o Encourage Democratic candidates to have you come to their
        home towns and endorse them, even though record has it
        their polls drop once you come to see them.

The fate of your presidency and the Democratic Party is in your
hands!  Are you up to the challenge?
                      *+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*

                          SPECIAL BONUS!

Purchase "Clinton's Congress Calamity" now and you will also receive
the "Clinton Decision Maker".  Now you can make all your important
decisions with the same methods used by Clinton himself.  This unique
program even allows you to take one stand on an issue today and then
take the opposite stand the next day if necessary.

Remember, this is a limited time offer so act fast!

WaffleWare - We make the software for the future.  Wait, no we don't! 

Random Access Humor             Page 10                January 1995

=====================================================================
                   <<(*=--  DREAM FORGE  --=*)>>
                             
                             MAGAZINE                                
    <<((*=--  The electronic          for your mind!  --=*))>>
=====================================================================
(formerly RANDOM ACCESS HUMOR and RUNE'S RAG)

DREAM FORGE
Dream Forge, Inc., 
6400 Baltimore National Pike, # 201
Baltimore, MD 21228-3915
Modem: (410) 437-3463 (data to 28800 bps)

Publisher: Dave Bealer
Managing Editor: Rick Arnold

DREAM FORGE (tm) is a monthly emagazine for a thinking and literate 
readership.  What goes into DREAM FORGE?  Take the zany satire and 
taglines that made RANDOM ACCESS HUMOR an international sensation,
then carefully blend the insightful commentary and fiction of RUNE'S
RAG.  Shake well (it annoys the staff), and you have DREAM FORGE, a 
new magazine for the brave new world of cyberspace.

The January and February issues of DREAM FORGE will be free demo
issues.  Starting with the March 1995 issue, DREAM FORGE will only 
be available to subscribers, or those who purchase individual copies 
from Official DREAM FORGE Distributors located throughout cyberspace.

DREAM FORGE Subscription Rates (all amounts are in US dollars):

INDIVIDUAL:
 
 - via Internet e-mail, or picked up by subscriber from 
      the publisher's BBS)  $12/yr.
 
 - via Regular Mail on 3.5" DOS Disk: $24/yr. (US/Canada only)
      (residents of other countries, inquire for rates)

To subscribe, mail your check or money order (made payable to
Dream Forge, Inc.) to: Dream Forge, Inc.
                       6400 Baltimore National Pike, #201
                       Baltimore, MD. 21228-3915

For internet subscriptions, include your email address.  If you
will pick up the issues at the publisher's BBS, include your
desired User Name and password.

* DREAM FORGE is a trademark of Dream Forge, Inc.
=====================================================================
Other DF documents available:
   writers@dreamforge.com   DREAM FORGE Writer's Guidelines
      odfd@dreamforge.com   Info for prospective Official DREAM
                             FORGE Distributors

Random Access Humor             Page 11                January 1995

Announcements and Observations

Vaporware CEO Luther Lecks announced that there is no truth to the
rumors that gunfire was heard at Vaporware headquarters in late
December.  "It's true that some nosy sneaks from the Securities and 
Exchange Commission were pokin' around, but we satisfied their
curiosity."  Lecks refused to elaborate on the nature of the SEC
investigation.

Lecks did mention that, "Someone may have been setting off fireworks
(without company approval) to celebrate New Year's Day."  When it was
pointed out to Mr. Lecks that New Year's Day was still over a week
away when the alleged incident took place, he explained that it was
"Bolivian New Year's Day.  We have a lot of Bolivians working here --
they may have been celebrating." 
                             - - - 
In unrelated news, two agents from the San Francisco office of the
Securities and Exchange Commission are missing.  The FBI is
investigating. 
                             - - - 
The Puffin's Nest BBS is no more.  The Virtual Word BBS went online
December 18, 1994.  Running a U.S. Robotics V.Everything modem, The
Virtual Word will support writers, electronic publishers, and all
those with a sense of humor. 
                             - - -
DREAM FORGE BBS will go online February 1, 1995.  A two-line Wildcat
system, it will share FidoNet message areas with The Virtual Word.
DREAM FORGE will also offer subscribers access to internet email and
USENET newsgroups.  BBS Subscribers will also receive an individual
subscription to DREAM FORGE Magazine.  Rates and phone numbers will
be announced in February.
                             - - -
The deadline for submissions for the February 1995 issue of RAH
(and Dream Forge) is 01/20/94.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
--- Bumper Stickers Seen On The Information Superhighway

For sale: parachute, used once, never opened, small stain.

Why did the Howells pack so much for a three hour tour?

Make headlines!  Use a cordoroy pillow!

...collect call from Earth, will you accept?

Confusion not only reigns, it pours...

And God said, "I'll buy a vowel."

If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.

Just a modern modem mage cruising the electronic highways.

Speak the truth, but leave the motor running.

Random Access Humor             Page 12                January 1995

Smith & Wesson: the original "point and click" interface.

I don't cheat, I play by the extended rules.

So easy to use a child can do it.  Child sold separately.

At Windows, quality is job 1.1

There are many intelligent species in the universe.  They all own cats.

And I thought phrenology with a ball peen hammer was a dying art.

What part of my brilliance don't you understand.

To eat, perchance, to barf.

Happiness is a state of mind.  Not happy?  Change your mind.

Lord, give me patience... right now!

Life's a bitch, but some of the puppies are cute.

I am Procrastitron.  I will destroy you, eventually.

When you've got no choice, be brave.

Waitress! (glare)  This roadkill is not properly aged!

A darkroom is not the best place to develop a reputation.

If chocolate is the answer, the question is irrelevent.

Never question authority.  It doesn't know either.

My body is a temple, and my mouth is a concession stand.

The Comma Sutra - the guide to Grammatic Satisfaction.

Some of my best personalities are insane!

Paradigms - you know what they say, "shift happens."

Gimme $50 or I'll tell Janet Reno you're a cult member.

"I am a jelly doughnut."  - John F. Kennedy

You gotta know when to code 'em, know when to modem...

What is the airspeed of a swallow on unleaded?

Smoke may indicate you have passed maximum performance.

Professor: one who talks in someone else's sleep.

Random Access Humor             Page 13                January 1995

Tactics: breath freshener for dyslexics.

Graduate of the Uncle Fester School of Party Etiquette.

Go ahead, make my danish.

I'm into BBS&M.

Random Access Humor             Page A-1               January 1995

Random Access Humor Masthead:

Editor & Publisher: Dave Bealer

Associate Editor: Greg Borek

Advertising Director: Ray Koziel

Contact:  The Virtual Word BBS
          FidoNet: 1:261/1129  (1200-28800/V.34)
          BBS: (410) 437-3463  (1200-16800/HST)
          Internet: dbealer@dreamforge.com
                    gborek@dreamforge.com

Regular Mail: (Only if you have no other way to reach us!)
               Random Access Humor
               c/o Dave Bealer
               P.O. Box 595
	       Pasadena, MD. 21122  USA

                      >> Legal Junk <<

Random Access Humor (RAH) is published ten times a year (September -
June) by Dave Bealer as a disservice to the online community.  
Although the publisher's BBS may be a part of one or more networks at
any time, RAH is not affiliated with any BBS network or online
service.  RAH is a compilation of individual articles contributed by 
their authors.  The contribution of articles to this compilation does
not diminish the rights of the authors.  The opinions expressed in
RAH are those of the authors and are not necessarily those of the
publisher.

This entire publication is a work of satire (except for these legal
bits here).  If anyone takes offense to something published herein,
the fault (a lack of a sense of humor) lies with them and not with 
the magazine.  The editors and publisher will not be held responsible
for the use or misuse of any information contained in this magazine.

Random Access Humor is Copyright 1995 Dave Bealer.  All Rights 
Reserved.  Duplication and/or distribution is permitted for non-
commercial purposes only.  RAH may not be distributed on diskette or 
in hardcopy form for a fee without express written permission from the 
publisher.  For any other use, contact the publisher.

RAH may only be distributed in unaltered form.  Online systems whose
users cannot access the original binary archive file may offer it for 
viewing or download in text format, provided the original text is not
modified.  RAH may not be posted, in whole or in part, on public 
conferences.  Readers may produce hard copies of RAH or backup copies
on diskette for their own personal use only.  RAH may not be 
distributed in combination with any other publication or product.

Many of the brands and products mentioned in RAH are trademarks of
their respective owners.

Random Access Humor             Page A-2               January 1995

                    >> Where to Get RAH <<

Copies of the current issue of RAH may be obtained by manual download
or Wazoo/EMSI File Request from The Virtual Word BBS (FREQ: RAH), or
from various sites in several BBS networks.  Back issues of RAH may
be obtained by download or file request from The Virtual Word BBS.

Internet users may obtain RAH back issues as UUENCODED files attached
to e-mail.  Free subscriptions are also available via mailing lists.
For more info, send an e-mail message to: rahinfo@rah.clark.net 
The subject line and body can contain anything or be blank.

RAH is also available on the Internet via FTP:

  etext.archive.umich.edu  (192.131.22.8)  dir: /pub/Zines/RAH
         (ASCII Text edition compressed with gzip)

  ftp.clark.net  (168.143.0.2)  dir: /ftp/pub/rah
         (ASCII Text edition uncompressed - RAHyymm.TXT)
         (ASCII Text edition compressed with ZIP - RAHyymm.ZIP)
         (READROOM.TOC edition compressed with ZIP - RAHyymmR.ZIP)

                     >> Writing For RAH <<

Article contributions to RAH are always welcome.  All submissions
must be made electronically.  File attach your article to a netmail
message to Dave Bealer at 1:261/1129.  E-mail (with file attaches)
may also be sent via Internet to: dave.bealer@rah.clark.net

Tagline and filler submissions may be made via e-mail.  Article
submissions should be made via file.  Submitted files must be plain
ASCII text files in normal MS-DOS file format: artname.RAH; where
artname is a descriptive file name and RAH is the mandatory 
extension.  If your article does not conform to these simple specs,
it may get lost or trashed.  Also note that such imaginative names as
RAH.RAH might get overlaid by the blatherings of similarly minded
contributors.  If your hardware is incapable of producing file names
in the proper format, you may send your article as one or more e-mail
messages.  As the volume of mail increases it may not be possible to
make personalized responses to all submissions or correspondence
received. 

The editors reserve the right to publish or not to publish any
submission as/when they see fit.  The editors also reserve the right
to "edit", or modify any submission prior to publication.  This last
right will rarely be used, typically only to correct spelling or
grammar misteaks that are not funny.  RAH is a PG rated publication,
so keep it (mostly) clean.

RAH can accept only the following types of material for publication:
1) Any material in the public domain.
2) Material for which you own the copyright, or represent the copy-
   right holder.  If you wrote it yourself, you are automatically the
   copyright holder. 

Random Access Humor             Page A-3               January 1995

In writing jargon, RAH is deemed to be given "One Time Rights" to
anything submitted for publication unless otherwise noted in the
message accompanying the contribution.  You still own the material,
and RAH will make no use of the material other than publishing it
electronically in the usual manner.  Your article may be selected for
publication in a planned "Best of RAH" electronic book.  If you want
your copyright notice to appear in your article, place it as desired
in the text you submit.  Previously published articles may be
submitted, but proper acknowledgement must be included: periodical
name, date of previous publication.

RAH Distribution System:
(All these systems would be good places to find sysops with a sense
 of humor...seemingly a rarity these days.)

The Virtual Word           Pasadena, MD.       Sysop: Dave Bealer
FidoNet> 1:261/1129       (410) 437-3463       28800 (V.Everything)
Current RAH Issue (text format):      FReq: RAH
Current RAH Issue (Readroom format):  FReq: RAHR
Back Issues of RAH: (text)            FReq: RAHyymm.ZIP
          (RAH9209.ZIP for premiere issue)
Back Issues of RAH: (Readroom)        FReq: RAHyymmR.ZIP
          (RAH9302R.ZIP and later only)
Complete Writers Guidelines:  FReq: RAHWRITE 
Complete Distributor Info:    FReq: RAHDIST

                     European Gateway:

Digital Frame     Voorschoten, Netherlands  Sysop: Ed Bakker
FidoNet> 2:281/101         31-71-617784        14400 (V.32bis)
Digital-Net> 15:200/512   MomNet> 71:2000/2

Official RAH Distributors:

-= AUSTRALIA =-
   Northern Territory
Images Unlimited      Darwin     3:850/110   61-89-41-1630   V.32bis

-= BELGIUM =-
Proteus/2             Brussels   2:291/711   32-2-3752539    V.32bis

-= CANADA =-
   Alberta
The Darkland BBS      Edmonton   1:342/808   (403) 486-5835  V.32bis

   Ontario
Typecast BBS          Kingston   1:249/107   (613) 531-0479  V.FC
The Next Level      Scarborough  1:250/302   (416) 299-1164  Z19
Echo Valley           Vanier     1:243/26    (613) 749-1016  V.32bis
Uncle Sphincter's     Westover   1:221/279   (519) 624-0134  HST/Dual

-= FRANCE =-
The Data Zone        Versailles  2:320/218   33-1-39633662   V.32bis

Random Access Humor             Page A-4               January 1995

-= GERMANY =-
The Harddisk Cafe     Nidderau   2:244/1682  49-6187-21739   Z19

-= ICELAND =-
The Vision BBS        Keflavik   2:391/20    354-2-14626     V.32bis

-= ITALY =-
Temple of Knowledge   Rome       (NoFido)    39-6-546880     Z19

-= NETHERLANDS =-
BIB Aalten            Aalten     2:283/401   31-54-3774203   V.32bis
BBS Sussudio          Denhaag    2:281/517   31-70-3212177   V.FC
TouchDown             Hoofddorp  2:280/401   31-2503-24677   HST/Dual
Pleasure BBS          Utrecht    2:281/705   31-30-934123    V.32bis
Digital Frame        Voorschoten 2:281/101   31-71-617784    V.FC

-= PORTUGAL =-
The Mail House II     Loures     2:362/29    351-1-9890010   V.32bis
The MAD BBS           V.N.Gaia   2:363/9     351-2-3706922   V.32

-= SAUDI ARABIA =-
MidEast Connection    Riyadh     (NoFido)    966-1-4410075   V.32bis

-= SLOVENIA =-
R.I.S.P.              Ljubljana  2:380/103   38-61-1599400   V.32bis

-= UNITED STATES =-
   Alabama
J & J Online          Chickasaw  1:3625/440  (205) 457-5901  HST/Dual

   Arizona
Mission Control       Flagstaff  (NoFido)    (602) 527-1854  V.FC

   California
InfoMat BBS           San Clemente (P&BNet)  (714) 492-8727  HST/Dual
Automation Central    San Jose   1:143/110   (408) 435-2886  V.32bis

   Connecticut
ModemNews Express     Stamford   (P&BNet)    (203) 359-2299  V.32bis

   Florida
Ruby's Joint       Jacksonville  1:112/129   (904) 777-6799  V.FC
The Software Cuisine  Miami      1:135/57    (305) 642-0754  V.32bis

   Georgia
D.W.'s Toolbox        Jonesboro  1:133/1719  (404) 471-6636  V.32bis

   Hawaii
Casa de la Chinchilla  Honolulu  (NoFido)    (808) 845-1303  HST/Dual

   Idaho
Phantasia BBS         Boise      1:347/25    (208) 939-2682  V.32bis

Random Access Humor             Page A-5               January 1995

   Illinois
The Crossroads BBS    Chicago    1:115/743   (312) 587-8756  HST/Dual

   Indiana
Digicom               Evansville 1:2310/200  (812) 474-2263  V.FC

   Maryland
Wit-Tech              Baltimore  1:261/1082  (410) 256-0170  V.32bis
Outside the Wall      Baltimore  1:261/1093  (410) 665-1855  V.32
The File Exchange   Cockeysville 1:261/1134  (410) 744-1102  V.Every
Pooh's Corner        Fells Point 1:261/1131  (410) 327-9263  V.32bis
Cybersystems          Frederick  1:109/713   (301) 662-8948  V.FC
The Puffin's Nest     Pasadena   1:261/1129  (410) 437-3463  V.Every

   Michigan
Didi's Place    Dearborn Heights 1:2410/120  (313) 563-8940  V.32bis

   Mississippi
Ranch & Cattle South  Columbus   (NoFido)    (601) 328-6486  V.32bis

   New Mexico
High Mesa Publishing  Los Lunas  1:301/1     (505) 865-8385  V.32bis
Paula's House of Mail Los Lunas  1:301/301   (505) 865-4082  V.32bis

   New York
The Batcave           Brooklyn   1:278/204   (718) 694-0433  HST/Dual

   Oregon
Bitter Butter Better  Tigard     1:105/290   (503) 620-0307  V.32

   Pennsylvania
Writer's Biz          Greenville  1:2601/522 (412) 588-7863  V.32bis
Milliways             Pittsburgh   1:129/179 (412) 766-1086  HST/Dual

   Tennessee
The Outback       Cottage Grove  1:3664/5    (901) 782-3513  V.32bis

   Texas
Incredible BBS        Burleson   1:130/82    (817) 447-2598  HST/Dual
C-Link            Grand Prairie  1:124/7022  (214) 223-8338  V.32bis

   Utah
Vital Signs         West Jordan  1:311/20    (801) 255-8909  V.32bis

   Virginia
Wings and Wheels    Chesapeake   1:275/9     (804) 420-2880  V.FC

   Washington
Spokane Online        Spokane    1:346/20    (509) 326-1123  V.32bis
Dragon's Cave         Tacoma     1:138/198   (206) 752-4160  V.32bis

   West Virginia
Blue Powder BBS      St. Albans  1:279/27    (304) 727-6733  V.32bis

Random Access Humor             Page A-6               January 1995

   Wisconsin
The First Step BBS    Green Bay  1:139/540   (414) 499-6646  V.32bis

=====================================================================

Although not official RAH distributors, the following large 
commercial systems carry RAH.  (Uploaded by the editor himself.)

 Channel 1             Cambridge, MA.   (617) 354-8873   (Readroom)

 EXEC-PC               Elm Grove, WI.   (414) 789-4210   (Readroom)
   
 SPACE                 Menlo Park, CA.  (415) 323-4193

 Software Creations    Clinton, MA.     (508) 368-4137
