Archive-name: 3plus/ian-kyle.txt
Archive-author: Warren T.
Archive-title: Ian and Kyle


The following is a work of fiction, with no necessary relation to my
lifestyle or preferences.  As if it mattered....


"Once upon a time... there was a little black girl in the Brewster
Projects of Detroit, Michigan.  At fifteen she was spotted by an Ebony
Fashion Fair talent scout and her modelling career took off... she was
travelling the world wearing the finest designers... Poochi, Goochi...
and Floroochi.....  You better WORK!"

The music started pumping through the speakers after Aunt Ester's
introduction, and the shuffling crowd started to sway to the beat.  I
closed my eyes for a moment and just felt the waves of sound as they
hit me, and my body started to groove.  If I reached out with my senses
I could feel the two of them near me, dancing together and with their
friends.  They appeared so playful and carefree.  I opened my eyes and
looked in their direction.  Ian was watching me, apparently somewhat
intrigued by the offer that I had made earlier.  I raised my arms to
hold my head and slowly gyrated my hips, allowing the motion to
highlight every contour of my crotch.  When I opened my eyes again the
song was ending and they had moved off of the dance floor.

Ian and Kyle were introduced to me a couple of months back, by my
roommate.  I'm fairly certain that I didn't make much of an impression
at the time, but I have since worked to remedy that.  Whenever they
are around I make sure that they notice me, at least for a moment,
before they go on their way.  But usually they just sit on the raised
pool table area of the bar and are easily spotted.  That's where they
hold court, and usually most of the finest courtiers are present for
their amusement.

But I digress..... Ian and Kyle are both in the Navy, both have wives,
and have been together for over a year.  They appear inseperable, and
look like a good enough match for each other.  I wish them all the
happiness in the world.  I also wish for more... much more.

Ian is about 5'10", has red hair and a smattering of freckles to
match.  His body is trim and well defined, with the look of someone
with a regular exercise routine.  Kyle is slightly shorter at about
5'9", with blond hair, blue eyes and a heavier build.  What he has
appears to be mostly muscle.  It would feel good to snuggle up against
him late at night.  It would feel even better to snuggle up against
the both of them.....

I'm 5'9" myself, with dirty blond hair that gets lighter as the summer
wears on.  I have ice-blue eyes that can draw out the soul, and tend
to see more than people give them credit for.  I'm slender, with well
defined muscles from my karate and all the dancing that I do.  There
is nothing, on the outside, that really sticks out about me.  I'll
admit that.  But once you get inside, and that does include inside the
pants, there's ever so much more.  And we can't forget the eyes.  They
can trap a person as well as any snare ever trapped a rabbit.

This past weekend I am afraid I made a fool of myself.  I had had a
little too much to drink, it being graduation time and I *was* at a
graduation party before going out to the club.  But while I was there
I made something of an indecent proposal.  God forbid such a thing
should happen in a meat-market like I go to, but it's not ever been my
style to so openly come on to someone like I did.

I guess I should tell it like it was......

I walked up to Ian and leaned in close to him.  I just stood there for
a little while, basking in his presence.  Feeling him next to me.
Hearing him talk to his friends, and hearing his laughter.  And every
so often feeling his body as it moved with the conversation.  Then,
when I felt I had his attention all to myself I leaned in close to
whisper in his ear, "Ya know... I pride myself on not having a gag
reflex... and I've been wondering if I could still say that after
working on you...."  If it's possible he turned even redder than his
skin normally is.  I pressed my attack, continuing to talk him out of
his clothes.  His only defense was Kyle, which I worked around by
saying that I've wanted them both, and would be more than willing to
take them both on at the same time.

I never got anywhere that night, not that I had ever expected to with
such a bold, tactless ploy, but this is what I dreamed of, and what I
had had in mind all along....

The night wound on as it normally does, and the crowd started thinning
as lonely people picked up other lonely people for a trick or two in
the night.  I was still there, walking around, talking to my friends,
and getting on the dance floor every once in awhile.  It had been two
or three hours since I had had anything to drink so I wasn't feeling
quite as bold as I had been earlier, or quite as light-headed.  Ian
and Kyle were on the dance floor again, so I moved over to the gate
and stepped on, beginning to catch the rythym even as my foot touched
the checkered floor.  They were close to the opening so it wasn't at
all difficult to maneuver myself close to them.  I closed my eyes and
felt the sound, then I took a tentative step forward, sliding closer
to the objects of my desire.  I raised my arms to wrap around my head
and I just kept my eyes closed as I swayed with the beat.

I felt an arm go around my waist and I was tugged forward to nuzzle up
against two bodies, one to my left and one to my right.  I knew
without opening my eyes who was who.  Ian was on the right, so I
lowered my arm, catching his, and ran my fingers lightly up his
forearm, to his shoulder, around the joint, back to his armpit and
down the side of his body.  He shivered as my fingers just barely
touched.  I reached out with my other arm and caressed the back of
Kyle's neck and his ear.  When I opened my eyes I noticed that they
were both watching me, and my hands pulled back on their own before I
could stop them.  They moved simultaneously, each one catching a wrist
and putting it back where it was, letting me know it was okay to touch
them.  I thrilled at the thought and I smiled, with a twinkle in my
eyes.

It was about one-thirty in the morning, and I was ready to hit the
road.  We had seperated on the dance floor a little while earlier and
they had moved back to their table.  I lagged a little behind watching
and waiting for the right moment to make my presence known again.
When it was time I joined them again, sliding in beside Ian before he
was aware of me.

I slipped my arm around his shoulder and leaned in to nibble on his
ear.  His body tensed for a moment, then he realised who it was and he
relaxed.  Kyle was sitting with his back to the wall a couple of feet
away, otherwise I would have moved in between the two of them and
nibbled on both their ears.  But all the while that I was taking care
of Ian I was watching Kyle.  He smiled his encouragement at me and
watched as I flicked my tongue around Ian's lobe, swirling inward
ever so slowly until the tip of my tongue was inside the cavity,
probing softly, then working harder as his body responded positively.
As I pulled my tongue back I took the earlobe in-between my teeth and
bit down, pulling on it as I moved my head back.  Before it hurt I
released it with a deft flick of my tongue.  

Ian turned his head and looked at me.  His right arm went around my
waist and pulled me closer to his body so that I could feel the
muscles.  I got hard instantly as my mind raced through all that I
would like to do to, with, and for, these two hot men.  I stepped to
my right around Ian's legs which put me in-between Ian and Kyle, with
the edge of a table poking me in the ass.  This sensation brought more
thoughts racing through my mind as I thought of other things that I'd
like probing at my ass.

I jumped up and planted myself on the corner of the table, letting my
legs dangle so that I could run them up and down Ian's and Kyle's
legs.  We talked for awhile, and I watched them watching each other,
looking for encouraging signs, anything that said I could move
further.  I leaned in Kyle's direction and nipped his ear with my
teeth, using a hand on the back of his neck to support me.  My index
finger swirled through the hair on the back of his head as I licked
his ear as I had already done to Ian.  I looked and his eyes were
closed.  When I stopped it seemed that I had missed a message being
passed between them, for they seemed ready to go, and each was smiling
slightly, looking in my direction.  I thought I had screwed it all up
and they were leaving, getting ready to make me look like a fool.

I was surprised when, after having reached the bottom of the stairs,
Kyle looked back at me and waved for me to join them.  My feet didn't
hit the floor more than half a second as I jumped off the table,
bounced once, and was down the stairs.  My momentum, having frightened
both Kyle and myself, swept me right into his arms and we stumbled a
little bit but he caught the weight and held us up.  Our faces were
only about two inches apart and our eyes were locked in surprise.  I
hadn't moved that fast in about two years and he sure as hell wasn't
expecting it.  But our eyes were locked and I decided to take
advantage of that, moving my head in for a quick kiss.  My lips met
his and I felt his tongue flick out.  I responded, letting myself go
full tilt into it.  When we parted Ian was standing there, a little
behind Kyle, with his hands on his hips and a "Well ladies...are we
ready to go yet?" look on his face.  I laughed and moved into his
arms.

"Don't be so impatient, love..." I said as I moved in to kiss him.  He
matched me and our kiss was just as good as the one with Kyle, though
Kyle's felt just a little bit better because his lips are softer than
Ian's.

We weaved our way, my hand caught in Ian's as he led us, out through
the crowd and out of the bar.  Behind us I heard Russ, the DJ, calling
last call.  We walked over to Ian's car without a word and got in.  I
got in the back and slid right to the middle so that I could reach
forward and touch both of them at the same time.

Instead of going out to the all-night bar, we headed for their place.
What lay ahead was clearly understood, and I was harder than I've been
in a long time, just thinking about it.  My hands rubbed shoulders and
tickled ears and scratched necks as we rode in silence.

We arrived at their place, got out of the car, and headed inside.  On
the doorstep, while Ian was fumbling with the keys, I moved up to Kyle
from behind and licked and kissed the back of his neck, running my
hands up his sides and across his chest.  This town is a morgue before
7am, so I wasn't worried about neighbors seeing us.  They wouldn'd be
my neighbors anyways, so.....

The key slid home and the lock popped open.  We stepped inside and
walked to the bedroom.  No need for a nightcap.  No need for
smalltalk.

The bedroom was furnished as most bedrooms are.  Nothing special stood
out in my mind, at the time, except the straps that dangled from the
posts of the headboard.  I hung back a little bit as they walked into
the room, then as they faced me I directed them to the bed.  Without a
word I started undoing their shirts, a button at a time, until I
reached the waistband of their pants.  I pulled each shirt out and
away from their bodies so that I could slip it off and throw it to the
side.  Then I kneeled in front of each of them, sliding my hands down
their bodies as I got down on my knees.  I undid Kyle's pants first,
sliding them down his legs and off of his feet as he placed a hand on
my shoulders to steady himself.  I then slid my tongue into the
waistband of his underwear so that I could catch it with my teeth.  I
tugged and twisted side to side until it started sliding down his
body, then I got it over his now-erect penis and let it fall the rest
of the way on its own.

Kyle stepped out of them as I kissed the head and shaft of his penis.
Then I moved over to Ian and finished his undressing.  Without the
constriction of his underwear his half-hard penis was dangling between
his legs.  I'm a sucker for a soft dick, so I caught it in my mouth
and took all of it in.  Even soft it filled my mouth, but I held it
there, playing my tongue from side to side and around the head of it,
working my way back very slowly.  The length of his shaft that was
exposed to the air was rigid, and the length inside my mouth was
getting harder and longer every second I worked on it with my mouth.

I let his penis fall from my lips as I stood up and pushed the two of
them back onto the bed.  I had them lay side by side with their legs
touching.  Then I forced their individual legs apart, so that they,
together, had three legs, and I straddled this "middle leg" so that I
could work the both of them at the same time.  I began by leaning in
to kiss Kyle as deeply and as long as I could, but after a few minutes
Ian tapped my shoulder.  I looked over at him as if to say "Oh, are
you still here?"  and smiled as wide as I could.  Then I leaned over
to him and kissed him just as long and just as passionately.  I had a
thigh rubbing against each of their crotches and so I moved my legs
side to side, rubbing their fully erect cocks.  Mine was straining
against my shorts.

Then I kissed Ian's left nipple, biting down to cause pain, but
letting up before he complained.  Then I moved over to Kyle's right
nipple and bit down on that one, again letting up just before he would
have complained.  Then I leaned over to the left nipple and very, very
gently sucked and licked at that one for a moment before doing the
same thing to Ian's right nipple.  I continued playing between their
nipples, alternating between pain and pleasure, for a short while then
I kissed down the middle of Kyle's stomach and down to his crotch.  I
stopped and leaned over to Ian, then kissed down his stomach, again
stopping just at the crotch.

I moved back to Kyle, starting to kiss along the shaft of his cock,
from head to base and back to the head, nipping with my teeth the
whole time.  When my lips again caressed the head I reached over to
Ian with my right hand and began fondling his balls and stroking his
shaft.  At at least ten inches long he is a fine specimen of manhood,
with a very nicely shaped penis, and my refined touch (being a massage
therapist) reveled in every contour and vein and ridge.

I opened my mouth to take the head of Kyle's cock into my mouth and
clamped down lightly with my teeth along the rim, sideways, so that I
could probe at the slit with my tongue, pushing it as open as I could
get it.  Then I ran my tongue down and started swirling the rim of the
head.  My right hand was still busily exploring Ian's penis.

I slid my tongue downwards on Kyle's shaft taking it an inch at a time
until I reached the base and my nose was nested in this pubic hair.  I
breathed deeply of his aroma and wriggled my tongue side to side at
the base of his cock.  Then I slid up and started working on giving
him the best blowjob I've ever given anybody.  Just as he was about to
climax I clamped down with my mouth and stopped the motion, placing my
tongue along the tube in his penis to stop the flow of the cum.  He
moaned and tried to thrust up with his hips, but I just bit down, and
he immediately relaxed.  I held my mouth there for a couple of
minutes, allowing him to cool off, not letting him cum, YET.  All the
while my hand had worked Ian's tool, exploring it in all it's glory.

Once I sensed Kyle was no longer near orgasm I lifted my leg from
straddling his and pushed him to the side so that I could lay down.
As I did so I kept hold of Ian's cock and pulled him up onto my chest.
Kyle knew where I wanted him because he reached over to the nightstand
and fished a condom and lubricant out of a dish that was within reach.

Ian straddled my chest as I wriggled my way up onto a pillow so that
my neck wouldn't be strained.  Once I stopped moving and was just
laying there looking at Ian's beautiful piece he grabbed my right hand
and pulled it to the corner of the bed, where he deftly strapped it
down with the velcro nylon straps.  He grabbed my left wrist and tied
it to the other side of the bed.  There was already a pillow stuffed
beneath my head but he grabbed another one and stuffed it under my
head as well.  Kyle had produced a third pillow from somewhere and was
stuffing it under my hips as I raised myself up to help him out.

Once he was done a silent acknowledgement passed between the three of 
us and Kyle started to take off my shorts and underwear.  I still had
my shirt on, but that was okay.  Once my lower body was undressed Kyle
slid his knees underneath mine, forcing my legs into the air.  He
reached down with one hand and lubricated my asshole, while sliding
the condom on and lubricating it with the other.  Then he hoisted my
legs into air as he slid forward and pressed the head of his cock
against my ass.  I guess he was going to take his revenge on me for
not letting him cum earlier, because he wasn't all that gentle when
he pushed his way in.  Not that I really noticed.

By the time Kyle was in place I was already licking and sucking at
Ian's penis for all I was worth, and he was rocking his hips back and
forth to get it as deep as he could down my throat.  As he rammed it
in I would just open up and feel it bend down my throat, trying my
hardest not to gag.  Then he reached down with both hands, raised my
head up, and forced me all the way down on him.  My throat protested
for a few seconds then opened up as he slid all the way in.  It was a
very new sensation for me, having a cock as far into me as Ian's was,
and I was revelling in it, ready to explode at the slightest touch on
my cock.  And all the while Kyle was working my ass like there was no
tomorrow.  I could feel his cock sliding in and out as he long-dicked
me, sometimes pulling all the way out then ramming back in until his
pubic hair tickled my ass.  My ass was eager and very willing.

This went on and on for about an hour as I heard them both starting to
pant and groan.  Kyle was swaying back and forth in a frenzy as my ass
tried to meet his every stroke and the muscles deep inside clenched
and unclenched around his shaft.  Ian had slowed down to let me do my
magic on his cock, with my tongue, and I was doing him better than I
had worked Kyle.  And still it wasn't over.

Then I met Kyle on one particularly long and slow thrust, pushing my
hips up as much as I could with Ian on top of me, squeezing my ass
mucles in the attempt to heighten the sensation for Kyle, and he
couldn't take it any longer.  His cock swelled inside me at least
another half-inch in circumference and his cum shot into the tip of
the condom.  He leaned into Ian's back, resting and panting, while I
continued to work on Ian's cock with my mouth.  Then Kyle pulled out
and walked to the bathroom.

Ian, with a silent nod from me, reached over for another condom.
Before putting it on he released me from the restraints and flipped me
over on my back.  He and I, working together, manipulated my body so
that I was laying crossways on the bed, on my stomach, in the dorsal
(or froggy style) position, and he was standing on the side.  He
slipped the condom on, lubricated it some and then slid his tool into
me.

I was pretty much ready for it, after having Kyle work me like he had,
but Ian was gentle nonetheless.  It was a good thing, too, or I would
have screamed bloody murder.  It hurt.  He reached further into me
than anything ever should, but I said "Come on" as Sweet Pussy Pualine
lyrics started rolling through my head.  "Hurting me?  Mother fucker
you are tickling me."  "Work this pussy."  "I put one leg on the
ceiling, and one leg just across the closet door."

Kyle came back in the room and joined in by hopping up on the bed and
placing his dick in my face so that I could suck on it.  I went to it
greedily, trying to rock my body back and forth between the two of
them.  Ian`s cock was very nearly ripping me in two but it felt good,
and the sensations in my cock, as his rubbed my prostrate, were sending
me to heaven and back.  At light speed.  With no brakes.  I began
moaning and panting as he lunged into me, and crying for more as he
pulled away.  But I never asked him to stop, and I never stopped
sucking on Kyle.

All three of us were working in rythym.  Our bodies rocking in tandem.
Our breath coming as one.  Our hearts beating to one drum.  And then
we came.  Ian nearly shooting the condom off.  Kyle down my throat, as
I greedily swallowed every drop.  And myself in copious quantities,
right into Ian's hand which appeared out of nowhere.

Now I lay here, just thinking about what might have been, or what
might someday be, and I finish writing down my dreams.  I know that
it's just a dream, but nothing will stop me from dreaming of it
happening, at least once... though being a regular part of their life
would be more than enjoyable.  It would be heaven.  But it's all a
fantasy......


	Tigger.
-- 
