
                                IncstLuv.txt 1/8

WARNING:
     This story is fiction and should be treated as such.
     The following story contains descriptions of explicit sex.
If you're not an adult or reading descriptive sex stories upsets you,
don't read any further.
     I'm not the author.  I don't have the talent.
     I can only be the "TheEditor," <grobert@soho.ios.com>


                               An Incestuous Love
                                   Chapter 1

      Linda Hall stood, shaking her head as she had so many times in the past.
Her boss was persistent, but she was not about to change her mind, this time or
any other.  Once again she wished she knew what it was about her that made him
and so many of the other men in the office ask her out on dates.  Their
requests for dates always appeared innocent enough, but she knew better.  "No,
I can't, Mr. Williams," she said once more.

      Karl Williams leaned back in his oversized chair, his eyes feasting on
the lush figure of his blonde secretary.  What he saw was reason enough to not
let another "no" discourage him.  Petite, she had a flowing walk with her hips
undulating in a free way under her dress.  Above her narrow trim waist, her
breasts loomed large and exquisitely shaped.  And they, too, seemed to undulate
and shake in a jellied way when she walked.  Since her figure was so
well-formed, so firm and youthful, she never wore girdles or anything more than
panties, bra, and a garter belt.  And it showed in her every high-heeled step!

      Her face was pretty, with a pert snub nose and wide sensuous lips.  Karl
knew instinctively that she had to be fantastic in bed, and he was willing to
try anything to get her there.  "Is it a jealous lover?" he said, though he was
convinced she had no steady boyfriend.  She blushed hearing the word "lover",
but then quickly denied such a relationship by shaking her head.

      "With the long weekend, I'm sure my son has plans, Mr. Williams.  I
wouldn't want to commit myself to anything that might spoil them," she said
firmly.  For the other men in the office she wouldn't bother to make any
excuses, but with her boss it had to be different.  She folded her steno pad in
hope of bringing the conversation to a finish, but Karl Williams persisted.

      "You should think about yourself, too," he said quietly, but he wanted to
yell at her and demand it.  He wanted to go and lock the office door and take
her in his arms and rip the damned dress off and caress her and feel her
nakedly voluptuous little body underneath him, all hot and wiggling, eager to
be fucked.

      It seemed it was always her son Rick that stood in the way of Karl
getting her out, even for an innocent cup of coffee.  Her having a son, a
sixteen year old son, was unbelievable, and Karl had thought the boy was her
brother the day they were introduced. Linda Hall just didn't appear old enough
to have a sixteen year old son.

      "If there's nothing more, Mr. Williams, I'll get this letter typed," she
said curtly, and turned to go.  She knew exactly how far she could go with him,
and felt safe in her near rudeness.

      Her boss shifted forward in his large chair, signaling an end to his
efforts to date her, for that day at least.  "Thank you, Miss Hall," he
intoned, with emphasis on the "Miss."

      Linda didn't like using her son Rick as an excuse to turn down dates, but
countless times the boy had proved to be the best and easiest.  And she had
long ago learned to ignore the social stigma of being an unwed mother.  The
truth was simply that she was scared.

      Men had often appeared to Linda as animals, brutes, unfeeling lechers who
wanted nothing more than her still young and ripe body.  She dressed to hide
her lush figure and discovered it was an impossibility; the more she tried to
hide her large fully fleshed breasts, the more she drew attention to them; the
more she tried to control her walk, the more studied and provocative it became.

      Despite her thoughts and aims, she radiated a natural sensualness, a
deep, heated, milky kind of sexuality.  To see Linda in a miniskirt, to see her
long shapely legs and full curving thighs, only conjured a vision of what was
hidden under her skirt -- up there between her legs; to think of her hips
encased in silken little panties and her naked buttocks and her downy golden
pubic hair made a man positive her sweetly perfumed vaginal lips were prominent
and pinkly moist... all ready, eager to receive a long, hard cock.

      Indeed, she had a way of walking -- when she wanted to -- that allowed
her vaginal lips to rub together in a softly lubricated way that excited her
clitoris which would swell and send tingles of pleasure coursing through her
entire body.  She was a natural "tease", a body so well built and proportioned
that no man in his right mind would pass her by without a long lustful look.

      It had been like that for her since an early age, a condition that had
led her parents to be overprotective and restrictive. For a vibrant young girl
just blossoming into life, such dominance can be hell.  She was defiant as a
young girl, seeking more of life than the planned lessons and activities of her
parents provided her.  Her defiance, one warm spring afternoon of her sixteenth
year, led to the incident that left her life changed while creating the fearful
attitude she currently held toward men.

      It had been one of those rare days in San Francisco when the sun shone
hot and clear; the kind of day when nothing can keep an adventuresome girl
indoors; and Linda was supposed to be attending a choir rehearsal.  Feeling her
parents would be none the wiser, she had decided to go to the park instead, and
her plan had proved to be disastrous.

      The greens and yellows of the park were like vibrant signs of awakening
spring, and she had wandered aimlessly, absorbing the warmth of the colors from
the earth.  The park was cut by few roads, but instead was crisscrossed by
numerous trails and paths that led to and around all of the abundant glories of
nature. Each turn was a discovery of something wonderful; and finding herself
by a small, clear pond, Linda wandered off the trail to become more intimate
with the earth.  It was warm; her heart beat rhythmically; she was sixteen and
more aware of her blossoming womanhood than ever before in her life.

      At the far side of the pond stood a pair of Grecian-like columns,
apparently placed there to reflect in the clear water of the pond, but poplar
trees and dense foliage had grown up around them, making the columns barely
visible.  It was near the base of those pillars, in a small opening between the
thick bushes, that Linda had lain down to feel the warmth of the afternoon
sun...

      Lying back and looking up, she saw the white columns towering skyward
like lofty sentinels guarding her very private world below.  And she felt
alone, as in the first Biblical garden; a woman one with nature.  The rays of
the sun penetrated her clothes, caressing her youthful body with its sensual
warmth, and the tingling of her smooth white skin seemed to speak to her,
pleading and begging to be set free of its cover.

      She was excited by the thought of being totally naked there in the park,
and she looked around slowly, reassuring herself of complete privacy.  Then,
her excitement growing with each passing second, she sat up, pulling her dress
off over her head.  Her brassiere came next; then her shoes and stockings.  And
finally, thrilled by her own actions, she slowly slipped the sheer nylon
panties away from her ripely rounded buttocks and over her thighs until she sat
on the warm grass free of all her ugly, confining garments.

      She felt as though she was totally naked for the first time there in the
surroundings of nature, open and exposed to the life-giving sun.

      She lay back again, this time feeling the coarse leaves of the earth
touching her naked young flesh and stirring in her a new excitation, as if a
thousand tiny fingers were brushing against her nerves.  And her heartbeat
quickened, sending her blood pulsating through her newly awakened body,
warming, stimulating, making her want to caress herself everywhere.

      She felt a familiar itching deep within her vagina, a sensation she
experienced on the few occasions she had been to school dances with boys, only
this time the feeling was more intense -- more demanding.  After the dances,
when she was home and in bed, she had touched herself with her hands and
fingers, and she had even probed into her moistly excited pussy to relieve the
terrible itch.  Afterwards, after she had achieved her puny little orgasm, she
would always feel guilty, as she had been taught to believe sex was horribly
wrong and dirty.  But that afternoon, lying nakedly there in the park in the
warm sun, she again wanted to fondle her body, and she was convinced the
pleasures it would bring her were right and deserved.  It was the setting: the
scent, touch, feel and sounds of nature all around her, that made her more
aware of her sexuality... and anything she might do to herself could be only
good.

      The palms of her hands were warm as she placed them against her curving
hips, and she drew them up along the narrow dip of her waist, languishing in
the sensual feel of her own naked flesh. Reaching the full, raised mounds of
her breasts, she cupped her hands over the tips; the brownish-pink buds of her
erect little nipples were already hard and sensitive.  She pinched them between
thumbs and forefingers, thrilling in the contact as the wanton heat in her
groin seemed to rage out of control.  Her long legs were spread slightly apart,
and she raised them up and out wider. The thought that she was so open and
nakedly exposed to the earth made her arousal heighten to an overpowering sense
of urgency, and she released her hold of her budding right breast, running her
hand down over the smooth flat plane of her belly until her fingertips touched
the wispy beginnings of her pubic hairs.  The lips of her hungry young vagina
moistly flared with the nearness of her fingers as the heat of her loins
surpassed that from the sun.  Her overly sensitive little clitoris throbbed a
tingling message to her brain: Touch me, pinch me, please!

      Rhapsodic with the fire in her belly, she slid her outstretched middle
finger into the soft, hair-lined slit of her virginal pussy spreading the
spongy flesh apart to bare the quivering knob of her lust-inflamed clitoris.
And she began to massage it, sending agonizing pleasures coursing through her
wantonly writhing young body.

      She never dreamed that her lewd finger-fucking of herself was being
observed.  The sailor had noticed her as she was wandering along the trail, and
he had followed her from a distance, seeing even from there that she was finely
built and sensual.  When she had turned off the trail by the pond, he had cut
around through the foliage and come up behind the small clearing by the white
columns.  He remained hidden in the dense bushes when he saw her lie down on
the grass and stare up at the sky.  Being unobserved as he was, he had already
mentally undressed her several times before she suddenly sat up and began to
actually take her clothes off.  His rapidly awakening penis lurched in his
pants as he watched her strip naked -- setting her clothes casually aside, and
then lying back in the grass again.

      The sight drove him crazy, and he felt his painfully throbbing cock
growing hard and bigger than ever before as he took in each detail of her
sensually curving figure.  Her head of long blonde hair splayed out on the
grass, framing a sleek wild face with a touch of red lipstick and large blue
eyes.  She wore little makeup, but it was right for her kind of face.  Her nose
was slim and tilted up at the end in a pert kind of lewdness that was
heightened by her aroused smile and the way the tip of her pink tongue licked
at her wetly parted lips, moistening them.

      She was more than just naked; she was brazen the way she lay on the grass
as if waiting for some imaginary lover to descend upon her.

      His eye traveled down over her long elegant neck, his breath coming hard
through his nostrils as he crouched in the bushes, staring.  Her bare shoulders
were well shaped and soft, and he liked the way her collarbone jutted out.

      Her naked young breasts were big and full and sprawled in a provocative
way, and the nipples were distended and shaped like bullets, tipped upward.
There was a fine sheen to her skin where her cleavage began.  He could imagine
his hands all over her ripely full breasts and, as he shuddered with excitement
and started unbuttoning his pants to release his rigidly erect cock to get it
in a more comfortable position, he thought of his lips and hungry mouth closing
over those nipples and sucking on them and feeling her nakedly writhing body
under him.

      Her body!  Jesus!  Beneath her half-moon breasts was the delicately
curving configuration of her rib cage, and her taut little stomach was
unblemished -- rounded provocatively.  His eye traveled down, down, and he saw
the jutting protruding mound of Venus covered with sparse, softly curling
blonde hair.

      And there, there at the apex, the center, where her thighs and pubic hair
met her torso, there in detail was her beautifully prominent cunt.  And she was
excited!  He could clearly see the puffy pink folds of her vaginal lips under
the hair as they framed the entrance to her delectable young pussy.  Her legs
were spread wide enough that he could see her wetly glistening slit, a bright
pink mouth among the pubic hairs.  He narrowed his eyes and could see the nib
of her clitoris glittering with an expectant moistness.

      "Christ," he said softly, really not believing what he was witnessing,
for the girl had begun to caress her lush body, and it was more than he could
stand to hide in the bushes and just watch. His long, throbbing cock was aching
with excitement, and he began to stroke it as he saw her hand moving to her
ripely firm breast and then snake down unashamedly to her tight young cunt.  He
would wait, wait until she was really fired up and hot, and then he would run
over and fuck her until she couldn't walk for a week!

      Warm passion juice flowed from between the hair-covered lips of her
moistly quivering vagina as she stroked and rubbed the hardened bud of her
clitoris.  For the first time Linda didn't find the pleasures that were tearing
through her body strange, but felt the overwhelming animal heat as natural and
wonderful.  And it was demanding even more!  Her belly trembled and quivered
from her forbidden caresses, and she arched her back off the ground, wantonly
writhing and wiggling under the rhythmic movement of her outstretched finger.
She pushed her long, tapering digit down hard, slipping it along the softly
moistened flesh until the tip closed over the mouth of her innermost being, and
curving it downward, she tucked the end inside her tight little cuntal passage,
teasing the narrow channel until she could hold back no longer.

      Her middle finger sliced between her wide-spread pussy lips like a knife
through butter; probing the warm liquid depths of her passion inflamed cunt its
full length.  The palm of her hand was pressing flat against the curvature of
her virgin mound, and her erectly gleaming clitoris pulsated against it,
quaking with her desire.  Her middle finger seesawed in and out of her
passion-drenched cunt as her hips rolled back and forth in an eager hunger.
With her other hand she pinched and pulled outward on the tips of her breasts,
generating more fire and heat in the hollowed pit of her shaking belly.  Her
eyes rolled upward, staring unseeing at the tall white columns thrust at the
sky, and her wetly quivering tongue flickered over her red lips as her mind was
consumed in her passion.

      It was only then that she realized someone was standing near, and she
froze and flushed from her fright and embarrassment.  It had taken her a moment
to focus her eyes on the man in the sailor uniform, as the first thing she
noticed was the huge, massively erect penis that pointed straight out from the
open front of his pants.

      The blunt, purple head was throbbing with urgency as his hand stroked the
long, rigid pole lined with blood-filled veins.  His lust-narrowed eyes looked
wild as he stared down between her raised legs to where her hand and fingers
covered her virgin mound.  She knew immediately, without doubt, that she was
going to be raped and that there was no one who might help her.  But she
screamed anyway!

      He was upon her in a flash, his hand coming down over her open mouth as
his hips trapped her legs apart.  "Shut-up girl, or I'll kill ya!" he grunted
directly into her ear, and the tone of his voice told her he meant it.

      She wanted to cry, to plead with the assailant, but everything happened
too quickly for her to even catch her breath. His hard, wildly throbbing penis
was pushed across the wet slit of her tight little virginal vagina, and its
full fleshy length pulsated like some mindless monster coiling to strike as the
weight of his body held her helplessly pinned to the ground.  He was panting,
and his breath was foul with the stench of liquor; but when he took his hand
from her mouth, his lips were there to replace it.  She gasped as he thrust his
wetly quivering tongue into her mouth and his hand cruelly squeezed on her
breasts, making her whimper with pain.  And that was only the beginning! In a
moment he was voraciously sucking on her ripely budding breasts, drawing the
distended nipples up into his hot mouth and biting hard on them.  She started
to scream again, but his warning was still on her mind, so she only sobbed and
rolled her head from side to side in futile silent protest.

      The sailor raised up, saliva dripping from his leering lips as he fought
to get his pants pushed down around his knees with one hand, while he kept the
other at her throat, ominously.  Linda trembled and coughed, knowing now there
was nothing to be done. His mouth was set in a permanent sneer-like grin that
made her wonder if she was going to live whether she screamed or not; and as he
positioned himself between her wide-spread thighs, she thought only to appease
him... to live!  His only thought was to hammer his lust hungry cock into her
tight little cunt.

      Gripping the thick, heatedly throbbing penis with one hand, he guided the
blunted head toward the wet opening between her quivering pussy lips, and once
there, he pushed his hips forward, anxiously trying to bury his long hard
length inside.  "OOoohh, please!  I'm a virgin!  You're hurting meeeee!"  The
pain gave Linda the courage to plead with him, but she stopped abruptly when
his hand struck a stinging blow across her face.  When he thrust hard forward
with his hips again, she thought she was going to pass out.  The lubricating
fluid that her fingering of her own vagina had brought forth made his entry at
first much less painful than she believed, but then as he plummeted deeper into
her hopelessly stretched pussy, she felt certain she was being ripped in half.

      "Oh, fuck, you're a tight little cunt," the sailor groaned as the thick
head of his cock was wetly gripped by her vaginal mouth. He stared down at her
hair-covered mound, seeing the pink pussy lips stretched wide by his thick
pulsating hardness, and he lunged again -- driving deeper up into the moistly
cringing virginal passage.  Linda thought it would never end as he thrust inch
by agonizing inch into her heated belly; and when she felt she couldn't
possibly take any more, he shoved forward driving even deeper into her.  Then,
finally, her abdomen rippling with pain, she felt the bushy tips of his pubic
hair brushing her inner thighs.  It was all she could do to keep from screaming
at the top of her lungs.

      The rest didn't last very long.  Her assailant kept groaning over and
over again, "Oh, fuck!  What a cunt!"  And he wildly drove his long hard cock
in and out of her, the spongy purple head striking deep within her belly.  She
could only whimper and sob in response -- visions of her damnation whirling
through her mind as her naked young body was ruthlessly raped by the drunken,
lust-insane sailor.

      She didn't want to look at him, but her fear and shame made her keep her
eyes open; and she hopelessly stared up at the cruelly leering face above her
as her tender young cunt was plundered with a quickening fury.  The brutal
sailor gripped her long blonde hair with one hand, pulling her head up from the
ground and shouted, "Look, chick!  Look at my prick!"  And through tear-blurred
eyes she saw his hard wetly glistening penis buried into her young body.  Even
as she watched, horrified, she saw his long shaft pulling slickly back out
until only the very tip remained inside.  The silky blonde strands of her pubic
hair were matted down with moisture, clearly outlining the pinkly flushed flesh
of her ravaged young vagina, and he drove into her so hard that his groin
slammed against her with a thud, and her eyes watered so much she could no
longer see.

      He groaned once, then again, as he fell forward with the full weight of
his body pressing into her nakedly heaving young breasts.  His grinding motions
became jerky and quick as his elongated penis made vicious thrusts into her
wetly sucking cunt. Deep in her belly the head of his ramming cock seemed to
swell up to an impossible size, filling her until she thought she would burst
apart from the pressure, and she moaned her agony of sexual fire that ripped
through her body, "Oooohhh, please, oooohhhhh!"

      His body seemed to consume her every part, for her neck tensed where it
had been savagely nipped with his teeth; her breasts were squeezed by his
weight, and her long legs high and forced out wide around his hips as her
ex-virgin cunt was pierced and battered by his lusting, hammering cock.  Spasms
gripped her belly as he suddenly drove to an absolute maximum depth in her
painfully stretched pussy, and his head went up as his back arched in a great
curve... just at the moment the fire raged from the lust-swollen tip of his
wildly jerking penis.

      Sperm shot into her wetly cringing young womb like molten lava from a
volcano; squirting out again and again as he shrieked his climax through
tightly gritted teeth.  And Linda groaned as her belly sizzled with the heated
liquid -- sharp, burning, stabbing bolts of white fire; never-ending.

      He raised up, finally, the cruelly leering wide grin still cutting across
his sweaty face, and she knew that it was over and done.  Fearing for her life,
she remained frozen and quiet, as he hovered over her, his breath coming in hot
gasps, like a devil-dragon from hell.

      Later, it was the sight of the sailor's smirking face that had stayed
with Linda like a horrible nightmare, not the actual rape itself.  He had left
her there naked in the clearing as he found her, save for one important
difference.  Her virginity was gone, but in its place he had left a seed
implanted; a seed that was to grow in her belly and give her a child.  Rick!

      She had been able to pull herself together quickly enough to make her way
home before her mother and father would become suspicious of her lateness.
This she was grateful for, for in her fear, she had absolutely no intention of
telling her parents what had happened.  Doing so would mean admitting she was
where she shouldn't have been, and though it was possible for her to lie about
her state of dress at the time, if the sailor was picked up, there would
certainly be conflicting stories.  Her only choice was to act as if nothing had
happened -- that she had been at the choir rehearsal.

      What she had not counted on was her pregnancy!

      Linda ignored the early signs of her pregnancy like she could actually
wish such an event away, and this fact made it all the more difficult for her
to explain when it could no longer be hidden.  It was nearly five months after
the incident in the park when the confrontation with her parents occurred, and
in spite of her frightened, sincerely abject, tearful confessions, her story
never really sounded believable.  While she wasn't physically thrown out of her
home, she did become a mental outcast, and her life with her parents became
increasingly difficult as her due date drew near.  It had been arranged for her
to go to a home for unwed mothers, and after Rick was born, Linda decided she
could not return home.  With money saved for college expenses, she struggled on
her own for a year; and when the baby was old enough to be taken to a sitter,
she got a job as a file clerk with a company south of San Francisco.  She
worked hard, going to a secretarial school at night, and eventually she got a
good paying job as an executive secretary.  Through it all she avoided any kind
of contact with her family, though not because they hadn't believed her about
the rape.  It was her guilty feelings, feelings she carried with her all the
time, for in the back of her mind she knew that she had almost enjoyed that
brutal rape by the sailor.

      Thus, Linda put sex and men out of her mind, looking upon both as crude
and brutal and dirty.  She never dated men, but instead devoted her time to
improving her professional life and raising her son, Rick, in the best way
possible.  Everything went along fine -- she believed herself happy -- until
one day she woke up and realized that her son was almost a man...  Now in
addition to the problems of Karl Williams' persistence about a date, there was
Ricky...

      With the letter typed and ready to be posted, Linda busied herself with
clearing her desk until quitting time.  She considered leaving early, what with
the long weekend ahead, but after having turned down her boss for the umpteenth
time, she felt it wiser not to take advantage.

      At five o'clock, to the second, she quietly locked her desk and walked
out of the building with the rest of the office staff. Outside, she was pleased
that she hadn't been confronted with Karl Williams again, and she ran to her
car in case he might be following her.  She wanted to get home to her son, and
she didn't think she could take anymore of her boss's arguments about why she
should go out with him.  The three-day weekend was that much sweeter for the
fact that she wouldn't be making excuses to him.

      Home was a simple and small house in San Bruno -- a fifteen minute drive
from work, and a source of pride for Linda.  She had bought it when Rick was
ten, and she had worked hard to make the house comfortable for them.  It was in
a typical suburban neighborhood and ordinary, but it was the center of her life
efforts... the symbol of all that she worked to achieve.

      "Rick, I'm home," she called as she entered the house.  There was no
answer, but she heard the sound of water running and realized that her son was
in the shower.  She had her coat off and hung in the closet when the running
water stopped, and as she walked down the hall toward the kitchen, she called
out again while passing the bathroom.  "Hi, I'm home!"

      "Hey, Mom?"

      Linda stopped and turned around as the bathroom door opened, and she saw
her handsome young son standing in the hallway, a towel wrapped around his
slender waist.  His -head and broad, muscular shoulders were still wet from the
shower, and he had a hopeful gleam in his eyes that she recognized immediately.
He was going to ask a favor.

      "There's something important I want to talk to you about, Mom..."

      "O.K., dear..."

      "I'll join you in the kitchen in just a minute," he said smiling, and he
hurried back into the bathroom.

      Linda smiled, only slightly annoyed by his mysteriousness; and, as she
walked to the kitchen to start dinner, she couldn't help thinking about how
mature Rick had become.  Standing in front of her almost naked, he looked far
more man than boy: his shoulders broad, waist narrow, and long muscular legs
definitely those of a young man.  It was as though he had suddenly grown away
from her to enter his own world, a world where he was less dependent on her.
That disturbed her!  She found herself wishing he hadn't been wearing the towel
around his hips so that she could have looked upon his manhood and make sure he
was completely normal, but she blushed for having such a shameful thought and
quickly put it out of her mind.

      Rick, of course, was more mature for his age than Linda wanted to admit,
and his handsome, almost rugged, features made him even appear older than
sixteen.  He had no difficulty passing for eighteen, and there were times he
had even succeeded in passing for twenty-one.  His good looks had aided him in
gaining experience beyond his years, but for his mother, he still feigned more
innocence than he possessed.

      Linda had food out of the refrigerator and ready to cook by the time Rick
joined her in the kitchen, and she was so engrossed in getting dinner ready
that she had forgotten that he wanted to talk about something important.  "How
was school today, dear?" she asked.

      "Fine, Mom, fine..." he answered sitting down at the kitchen table, a
serious look on his face.  "What I wanted to talk about...  Well, with this
three day weekend: it's a great chance for us to do something different..."  He
stopped, realizing his mother was hardly listening as she arranged pots on the
stove.  "Mom, could you hold up a minute?  This is important to me!"

      She remembered and blushed slightly.  "I'm sorry, dear.  I'm so hungry, I
was wrapped up in the food here."  She pushed a pot off the burner, and then
smiling at her son, sat down beside him at the table.  "Now, what is it again?"

      In his most serious voice, Rick started again.  "I was thinking, what
with this three day weekend, that we should take the opportunity to get
away..."  He hesitated, "To a place like Big Sur..."  Then his words rushing
out, "There's a camp where cabins are very reasonable this time of year, and
the change of scenery would be nice for a change.  It's really beautiful there
you know, and the weather forecast says warm and sunny all weekend...  It would
be great, Mom, really great!"

      There was more to it, Linda knew, and she smiled her most motherly smile.
"Change of scenery is nice once and a while, but the cost of staying two nights
just for that...  Well, I don't know."  She was teasing him, and enjoying it.
"Maybe if we had some friends there?  We might find more things of interest..."

      Rick leaned forward, elbows on the table, and he grinned sheepishly at
his mother.  "I got the idea this afternoon.  When I was talking to Karen Boyd.
She and Mrs. Boyd are going there tonight; and, well, I thought it would be fun
if we went too..."

      Linda nodded, then stood up to begin fixing dinner again. She had figured
it was something like that, and she wasn't about to disappoint her son.  Karen
was his girlfriend, though an innocent relationship as far as Linda knew, and
she, too, came from a one-parent home.  Valerie Boyd, Karen's mother, was a
divorcee, and Linda had known her since Rick first took her daughter to a
school dance.  They had become friends because their children dated off and on,
but got together only on occasions when they did things with Rick and Karen.
These occasions consisted mostly of Sunday afternoon picnics or weekend school
events, and they got along well together, though they had little in common.
They were both about the same age and living without husbands, but that was
where the similarities ended.  Valerie Boyd worked as a saleswoman in an
exclusive dress shop, and she dated men often, going to places that Linda had
only seen from the outside.  Yet, if going to nightclubs and expensive
restaurants involved dating men, Linda was glad to do without it, while she
held nothing against Valerie for what she did.  For Linda, the friendship was
like being in on the social doings without actually having to participate in
them, so going to Big Sur and meeting Valerie there sounded like just another
Sunday picnic slightly extended.  It would be fun, and it was something she had
to do for Rick.

      "Well, Mom?  How 'bout it?  Can we go?" Rick said anxiously, though he
knew his mother rarely refused his requests.

      She turned away from the stove, still relishing the chance to tease her
son.  "That sort of thing takes time to plan," she said, and she was prepared
to continue her kidding until she saw the hurt expression on her son's face.
"I mean, we couldn't possibly leave tonight...  But, how about tomorrow?"  And
she was pleased by the warm glow of excitement that radiated across the
kitchen.

      "Oh, that's great, Mom!  I mean, I meant tomorrow!  Heck, that still
gives us two nights there!" he said hurriedly, and he stood up from the table
and hugged his pretty mother.

      Her heartbeat quickened as she felt her son's hard young body against
her, but she turned away immediately, looking in a pot as if the food might be
burning.  "There's one thing you haven't considered, dear," she said in her
most serious tone, but she waited to go on until Rick had again sat down at the
table. "Since this is a three day weekend there is a strong possibility the
camp will be full...  We may not be able to get a cabin!"

      "No problem," he said smiling, "Karen's going to have her Mom reserve us
a cabin the moment they get there.  I figured you'd say O.K."  He laughed
loudly, and so did his mother.


                                IncstLuv.txt 2/8

                               An Incestuous Love
                                   Chapter 2

      They got a late start the next morning as Linda realized at the last
minute she had to wash some clothes for the trip.  Rick became somewhat
impatient, but remained in good spirits as he helped around the house.  They
got away shortly after noon, with Rick driving after having promised his mother
he would stay within the speed limit.

      It was only a two hour drive to Salinas, but from there the going was
slower with most of the highway being two lanes.  They stopped for a late lunch
on the Monterey wharf, eating hamburgers, though the restaurant specialized in
seafood.  They both detected a slight fishy taste to the beef, but it was fun
nonetheless... and neither had any complaints.

      At four that afternoon they reached the Big Sur Coast, and by the time
Rick pulled into the campgrounds, it was already getting dark in the dense
redwood forest of Big Sur.  At that time of year, the last two hours of
daylight were like an extended dusk with the sun going below the mountains that
stood between Big Sur and the Pacific, and in this half-light, the giant
redwoods looked even bigger.  Yet, the atmosphere was strangely warm and
inviting to Linda as she got out of the car feeling secure and happy.

      They went straight to the main office of the campgrounds to check in, and
the man there was nice, even walking with them to point out their cabin.  At
first opportunity, Rick asked him which cabin the Boyds were occupying, and he
was surprised to learn they were not staying in a cabin.

      "The Boyds are camping in a tent up yonder," the man announced pointing
toward the hills across the Big Sur River. "Ain't as far as it looks," he added
seeing Rick's expression. "You cross the bridge and go left past the other
sites.  Their camp's up on the rise.  Ya can't miss it, son...  It's the only
one up there!"

      Rick thanked him and immediately got busy transferring luggage and
supplies from the car to the cabin.  He was anxious to hike up to the Boyds'
campsite before it was totally dark, and when he carried the last suitcase into
the cabin, only five minutes had passed.  His mother was putting groceries into
the refrigerator when he joined her in the small kitchen.

      "Mom, the car is unloaded, and I put your things in the bedroom.  I'll
sleep in there," he said pointing to the day-bed in the living room.

      "Thank you, dear...  Are you getting hungry?"  She was always concerned
about his eating.

      He nodded his head.  "In this air I could work up quite an appetite, but
we did have a late lunch."  He had more important things on his mind than
eating dinner.

      "Well it will take me a while to get organized in here. Suppose we eat in
an hour or so?" she said closing the refrigerator door.

      "Swell, Mom!  Ah, you mind if I take a walk?" Rick said quickly, and he
added, "Thought I'd walk up to the Boyds' camp before dark...  See if I can
find it!  O.K.?"

      Linda smiled, "O.K.," and she watched her son as he crossed the living
room to the front door.  He turned as he opened the door.

      "Any messages?"

      "You might tell Mrs. Boyd that I'll say hello tomorrow morning...  I'm
much too tired tonight.  Guess the drive wore me out?"

      "Yeah, you should take it easy tonight, Mom!  And don't worry about the
dinner, either..."  His voice cut off as he closed the door behind him.

      Hurrying toward the bridge over the Big Sur River, Rick felt a little
guilty about leaving his mother alone when they had only been there a few
minutes, especially since she was so agreeable. If she had said no, he wouldn't
have been very upset, as he liked being around her.  She was nice to look at --
a helluva lot more attractive than any other woman her age.  As far as that
went, she was downright sexy!  She was always going out of her way to do things
for him, and that in turn made him want to do things for her... if she'd let
him.  He had to admit it was difficult to just leave her alone in the cabin,
but the familiar twitch in his pants was becoming demanding.  He had to let
Karen know he was there, and maybe, if things went right, he could take care of
that twitch then too.  At the very least he had to be sure he could find the
camp later that night if Karen couldn't get away just then.

      Linda finished putting the kitchen in order, then opened the refrigerator
to get something out for dinner.  She stared at the contents for a long moment,
unable to decide on any one thing.  It suddenly seemed like such a bother, and
she finally settled on a package of hot-dogs, even though she had bought them
with a picnic in mind.  They were the easiest thing to fix; and if they went on
a picnic, she could always buy more.  When Rick came back she could boil them
in a few minutes, and there wouldn't be much to clean up either.

      Leaving the package by the sink, she took a deep breath and walked into
the living room.  The cabin was small and furnished with the barest essentials,
but it had a quality of rustic coziness that was irresistible.  The walls and
open rafters were of redwood, and the plank floor creaked as she walked, but it
was not artificial and that seemed important.

      The furnishing of the living room consisted of a table with benches worn
smooth by use, one overstuffed chair with lamp and side table, the day-bed with
rough-finished coffee table in front, and a floor lamp by the larger table.  In
the corner, dominating the room, was a massive stone fireplace, and she noticed
that wood had been stacked just waiting to be lit.

      The idea of having a roaring fire going when Rick returned seemed nice,
and it even occurred to her that they could cook the hot-dogs over it.  It
would be like a picnic in the living room, so she walked back to the kitchen to
find some matches.  In a few minutes a bright fire was burning hotly in the
fireplace, and she stood back staring at her handiwork while feeling its warmth
penetrate her clothes.  The flames were too high for cooking hot-dogs, but she
figured it would be just right in the short time Rick was due to return.

      She watched the fire a few moments longer, thinking how nice it would be
to sleep in front of the fireplace, and then she decided she should get busy
with her unpacking.  Rick had left her suitcase in the bedroom, and she lifted
it onto the bed, the only other furniture in the small room being a chest of
drawers.  She took her time, carefully placing the few articles of clothing in
the drawers or closet, then closed the suitcase and slipped it under the maple
framed double-bed.  She thought about unpacking Rick's suitcase, but she
decided he would likely prefer doing it himself.  So instead, she returned to
the living room and sat down on the day-bed, making herself comfortable as she
watched the fire burning to hot, glowing coals.

      She daydreamed, unaware of the passing time, and the heat from the
fireplace made her lush, young body feel warmly sensitive to its radiance in
her mind, she could see herself taking off all of her clothes, stripping and
lying down nakedly in front of the fire, while the dancing light of the flames
cast strange shadows on her breasts and stomach... and legs.  The heat made her
flesh tingle with an erotic excitement as tiny beads of perspiration formed on
her brow, an excitement that played sensually over her body and caressed each
part.

      Linda jumped up from the day-bed, shaking her head to drive the dreams
away.  Her son should be back any minute, and there was dinner to prepare.  She
felt flushed and shaky as she walked quickly into the kitchen; and she started
pulling food from the refrigerator before she remembered the hot-dogs on the
sink.

      "Foolish woman," she said out loud as she closed the refrigerator door.
Through the window above the sink she saw that it was almost dark outside, and
she leaned closer to look up toward a dark sky.  She had left her wristwatch in
the bedroom, thinking she would have no use for it that evening, and she
hurried to get it and check the time.  Good Lord!  It had been two hours since
Rick left to find the Boyds' campsite!

      It wasn't like her son to be late, and he had said an hour... or so she
thought?  She walked quickly to the front door and peered out into the night;
with the exception of a few scattered campfires, she saw nothing.  Instantly a
picture of Rick, lost and hungry in the woods, flashed in her mind, and real
worry overpowered her sense of reason.  She had to find him to be sure he was
all right.

      The night air was cool, and she was wearing a loose fitting house dress
that was comfortable for the long drive down, so she hurried into the bedroom
to get a warm coat from the closet.  As she walked quickly out the front door
she tried to remember what the camp manager had said about finding the Boyds'
campsite, and she wanted to kick herself for not having listened more closely.
The cool air and the darkness helped calm her, and she abruptly realized she
might be doing something foolish.  If she ran off half crazy with worry, she
could easily become lost.  Besides, most likely Rick was just too involved
socializing with Valerie and Karen to notice the time.

      Linda stopped, thinking she would return to the cabin and wait for her
son, when she saw a small wooden sign a few yards in front of her.  She moved
closer, unable to read it in the twilight from that distance, and she saw it
was arrow-shaped with the word "campsites" etched on it.  Looking out in the
direction it pointed, she saw faintly glowing fires in the distance, and she
listened, hearing the sound of rushing water nearby.  She remembered then what
the man had said about crossing a bridge and going left past the campsites to a
rise.

      She really didn't want to see Valerie Boyd that evening, but then there
was nothing but anguished waiting for her back at the cabin.  And Rick might be
heading in her direction right at that moment.  There was no harm in walking
toward the Boyds' camp; and if Rick was headed back, she could walk with him.
Their paths had to meet, as there was the bridge over the river, so she headed
toward the fires in the distance.  And if she didn't meet her son, she still
could turn back, if necessary, before reaching the Boyds' campsite.  The walk
would do her good, and it was better than waiting in the cabin where it had
been getting a little too hot.


                                IncstLuv.txt 3/8

                               An Incestuous Love
                                   Chapter 3

      The light of the long sunset was still in the sky when Rick reached the
bottom of the rise.  It wasn't as far as it had appeared from across the river,
but it was different.  The trees along the slope were large pines, spaced, and
climbing up between them was obviously no easy matter.  The ground was covered
with slick pine needles and it angled up quite steeply to the rise, but there
was still enough light that he could find the path to the top without
difficulty.

      The trail was angular, cut into the side of the slope as it rose from one
level area to the next, and by the time Rick reached the last cut to the top,
he was breathing hard.  He'd have been very unhappy if the Boyds' camp wasn't
there, but a short distance along the flat and in a clearing, he saw the large
tent.  The air carried a distinct odor of barbecued beef; when he reached the
edge of the clearing, he understood why.

      Seated at a large camp table were three people.  A short distance from
that was a campfire and grill being tended by Karen Boyd.  He was excited at
seeing Karen, but he was reluctant to step into the clearing because of those
seated at the camp table. One was Valerie Boyd, as he would expect, but what
disturbed him was the presence of two men.  The three adults were all drinking
from tall glasses and laughing and talking at the same time.  Rick instantly
thought that one of the two men had to be with Karen. If that was the case,
he'd certainly have to re-think his plans. His muscles tensed with excitement
as he decided to watch; to spy on the group was more correct, and the idea did
have a certain masochistic stimulation.

      They were apparently going to eat the steaks that Karen was carefully
turning over the campfire, but the way Valerie Boyd was acting with the two
men, Rick had to wonder.  Karen was almost a carbon-copy of her mother, and she
was blessed with a degree of sensuality that belied her young age.  Yet,
Valerie Boyd was all the woman that any man could realistically ask for, and
then some. Rick felt that Karen would some day come up to the qualities of her
mother, but he couldn't help the way he felt when looking at Valerie.  She
really turned him on in the most lewd and stimulating way he could imagine.

      At that moment, seated at the large camp table, Valerie seemed to radiate
pure sex like it was a common asset available to everyone.  Her movements were
deliberate and enticingly smooth, as if she was making love to anything that
came in contact with her full and lush body.  When she touched the table, it
was certain that she was feeling its texture, caressing its surface with her
fingers, and the bench she was sitting on might as well have been alive by the
way her supplely fleshed buttocks and thighs pinched and rocked upon it.  She
was wearing a short dress of such delicate material that he had to wonder if it
was all there, or instead, if was a blouse and she had somehow forgotten her
pants or skirt.  She always dressed in revealing garments, and though Rick had
never seen her in the nude, he felt he could describe all of her intimate parts
in detail.  Her breasts, large and round and lifted, would shimmer and quiver
as she shifted her position, the nipples pressing against the thin fabric of
her dress as if straining to be free.  He could imagine how proud and firm they
were, like magnificent blushing globes above her narrow waist and curving hips.
Her long tapering legs, always slightly parted seemed to suggest he could
easily look up between them to the warm inviting place where her sleek inner
thighs and softly rounded buttocks became one.  Her silken pubic mound would be
darker and thicker than Karen's, but he knew that the softly curling hair would
part like a clearing in the forest to reveal the liquid pink orifice of her
cunt tucked between soft, wetly glistening cuntal lips.

      One of the men at the table was telling a dirty joke, but Rick kept his
eyes on Valerie, for when she laughed, which was frequently, she would throw
her head back so that her long auburn colored hair spilled over her shoulders
like a flowing frame for her strikingly attractive face; at these times, her
sensual mouth would open in an "O" shape as if her wetly ovalled lips were
prepared to kiss the head of a cock.  And then she would smile and her tongue
would snake out between pearl white teeth to moisten her lips until they seemed
to glow with alluring redness.  She was an alive and tremendously exciting
woman, a female, Rick knew, who could make any man glad to be near her.

      It didn't take long for Rick to realize that the two men at the table
were both seeking Valerie's favor and, becoming more excited himself at the
sight of her, he decided he would make his presence known.  He wanted to get
away somewhere with Karen as soon as possible, and he was certain the two men
would be glad for the privacy.

      "So I find you at last," Rick announced abruptly as he stepped into the
clearing and walked toward the camp table.  Karen left the fire and ran to him
with open arms.

      "It's about time you got here...  I've been going crazy hanging around
this giggling trio!"  She was smiling and her words were intended to jest, but
her open kiss left little doubt about her genuine feelings.  She was hot and as
anxious as he was for sex.  The feel of her sensually warm young body pressing
tightly against him made his half-hard cock grow larger, and he pushed her back
after a moment, still finding it difficult to be so open in front of her
mother.  Valerie knew about their involvement and thought it fine, but his
natural reserve kept open displays of affection to a minimum.

      Keeping an arm around Karen, he walked to the table. "Evening, Mrs. Boyd,
how are you?" he said, his hand extended.  He liked the direct way she looked
at him, and when their hands touched, he always felt as though she was being
very, very friendly.

      "Well, Rick, you're just in time for a drink," Valerie said in her husky
voice as she took his hand; it seemed as if she felt it more than shaking it.
Then she glanced at the other two men who were standing.  "This is Karen's
friend, Rick!  That's Ray, and that's Bob..."

      Rick shook the hands of each, and he suddenly realized that they both
knew Karen's mother better than he'd previously supposed as she went on quite
casually, "They're a couple of Big Sur swingers, Rick."

      "Nice to meet you!" he said to both.  Then he turned to again face
Valerie.  "Before I forget, my mother said she would come by to say hello in
the morning..."  Then he added as if to make an excuse for her absence, "She
was a little tired from the drive down."

      "Too bad she can't come tonight.  It might have done her a world of
good!" she said, and Rick missed the touch of sarcasm in her voice.  "Sit down,
have a drink, and let Karen get those steaks before they're burned to a crisp!"

      With a yelp, Karen hurried to the campfire, so Rick did as Valerie asked,
sitting down beside her and pouring himself a drink.  They were all drinking
martinis in large glasses, but he preferred something he could water down, so
he poured himself three fingers of scotch and filled the glass with ice.
"Helluva nice way to go camping, Mrs. Boyd," he said, and he clinked his glass
against hers.  She laughed which reminded him how horny he'd become, and he
quickly took a large gulp of the liquor so he wouldn't stare.  After that he
completely forgot about the time or his promise to his mother as he listened to
Ray and Bob tell stories, and he attempted to keep from looking at Valerie
laugh. Karen put the overdone steaks on the table, but no one seemed very
interested in eating any food.  Rick fixed a second drink when Karen sat down
beside him, and while she held a drink too, her free hand was kept busy under
the table stroking his inner thigh. Being in between Karen and her voluptuous
mother was a situation that Rick thought to have great possibilities, and the
second and a third drink were consumed quickly.  Finally, he was aroused from
their nearness, he stood up from the table with legs trembling.

      "I've got to go!" he announced abruptly, and no one seemed to notice but
Karen.  She stood, pausing long enough to drain her glass, and then she ran off
to the tent only to emerge a second later with a flashlight.

      "Mother, I'm going to walk back with Rick...  I'll be gone for awhile."

      Only then did Valerie stop the animated conversation of the two men long
enough for a short and meaningful comment of her own. "See you soon, Rick, and
do take your time!"

      "Thank you for the drink, Mrs. Boyd," he answered, and with quick nods to
Ray and Bob, he took Karen by the arm and headed back toward the trail.  Karen
had the flashlight on, and they followed the circle of light, not stopping
until they were at the edge of the slope.  Then she pointed the light down the
trail to the first level area.

      "There!  Just on the other side of that pine..."  She started down the
trail, Rick anxiously following close behind.

      "What?  What's there?" he said.

      She laughed, devilishly, "A blanket... I put a blanket there earlier, in
case it got cold."

      Just off the trail, on the far side of a large pine tree, there was a
flat and level space covered with fallen pine needles. And next to the base of
the tree was a bunched up dark green blanket that Karen unhesitatingly picked
up and began unfolding.

      "Shine this down here while I spread this out," she said handing Rick the
flashlight.  Her rushing made him more excited than ever, and while holding the
flashlight in one hand, he started unbuckling his belt with the other.  In the
process he couldn't help shining the light on Karen's sensual young body. Just
like her mother, he thought, but younger and less experienced.  Her dark eyes,
wide with a heated arousal, glowed as the light shone on her pretty face; her
long auburn hair, a shade lighter than her mother's fell in bright contrast
around her white shoulders as she pulled off her sweater.

      "I've been thinking about doing it all day...  Hurry, darling," she said,
but he remained motionless as she stripped off her brassiere and exposed her
full, ripely quivering breasts to his view.  The nipples, pink and proud, were
hardened with her excitement, and he held the light on them, wanting to watch
her undress completely.  With belt loosened, he started unbuttoning his shirt
with one hand, but he didn't want to set the flashlight down until he had seen
all of her.  She was wearing jeans, and in one motion she slipped them, and her
bikini panties, down over her gently rounded buttocks, lower still down her
firm, white thighs until they fell in a heap around her ankles.  He moved the
beam of light across her flat young belly, pausing for a second as if to tease
her navel with it, and then he pointed the light directly at the triangular
patch of her sparse pubic hair.

      Karen saw what he was doing with the light, and she laughed openly,
willing to play the game.  "You see?  It's ready for you, darling!  Warm and
moist and ready for your big old cock."  As she spoke in her soft, low voice,
she spread her slenderly tapered legs apart and began grinding her hips
rhythmically back and forth, as her hands -- palms against her white flesh with
fingers extended -- slid down over her naked belly toward the curving mound of
sexual pleasure.

      Rick gaped at her slow sensuous movements, as her fingertips drew closer
and closer to the silken fuzz of her eagerly undulating cunt.  His long
throbbing penis was straining against the confinement of his pants, growing
harder and bigger as he watched her caress her inner thighs and spread her legs
out wider still before reaching up with two fingers of each hand to stroke the
moistened hair-lined slit and part the wetly glistening pussy lips to wantonly
expose the flushing pink flesh of her cunt.

      Her lust hardened clitoris was throbbing visibly as she seductively
pressed a fingertip against it, and the young boy couldn't leave his pants on
another moment.  His stiff, blood-filled cock was aching to be released, to be
free to enter the moistly hot grip of Karen's tight young cunt, and he set the
flashlight on the ground, the beam spreading across the blanket to illuminate
their love-bed.  "There!  Lay down there!" he groaned as he hurriedly pushed
his pants over his painfully erect penis, releasing it to stand straight out
from his groin.

      Karen willingly did as he asked, nakedly stretching out on the blanket so
that the light shone directly on her voluptuous young loins, and with knees
drawn up and spread out wide, she again stroked the tingling knob of her rigid
little clitoris with a single fingertip.  She was without shame as she arched
her ripely flaring buttocks up off the blanket, grinding her pelvis in a lewdly
open invitation to be fucked.

      Rick was ready, tearing his shirt off and nearly tripping in his efforts
to step out of his pants, as he knelt down on the blanket, naked now except for
his shoes and socks.  The night air was cold, but both young people were too
impatient to notice anything except the other's arousal.

      "Ooohh, your cock's so big and hard!  Fuck me, darling.  Fuck me," the
young girl pleaded as she raised her hips up higher, as if trying to catch his
wildly jerking penis with her hungry little cunt.  Her hands were on her sleek
inner thighs, fingers spreading the heatedly quivering lips of her lubricated
vagina so that Rick could clearly see the wetly glistening opening to her
femaledom. With a loud groan of hunger, the boy arched his hips forward so that
the rubbery-like tip of his pounding cock was but inches from her moistly
heated cuntal crevice.

      He, too, had been thinking about fucking the voluptuous teenaged girl all
day, and he wanted to savor the moment, just to feel the full, overpowering
impact of her sexuality.  The helmet-like purple head of his rigid penis was
throbbing painfully as he pushed it closer to her tender young flesh, and when
it contacted the whispy ends of her pubic hairs his whole body shuddered with
passion.  Tiny droplets of moisture clung to the auburn hairs lining the
wide-spread lips, and still more perfumed lubricant covered the fleshy pink
valley from the quaking wet bud of her clitoris to the brownish tightly
puckered little anus.  He wanted to touch it, all of it with the thick head of
his cock, and tease her until she begged him to ram his prick up into the slick
walls of her tight young cunt, fucking like a maniac into her quivering belly.

      Tightly gripping the large, fleshy pole-like penis in his hand, Rick
pushed his hips forward again, this time not stopping until the dilated slit at
the very tip made contact with the hardened ridge of her clitoris.  Then using
his stiff rod like a poker, he stroked it across the hotly moistened flesh,
striking at her budded nerve ending, taunting her wet cuntal mouth, and
slipping the now moistened head down over the excitedly puckering hole to her
rectum.  The sex-crazed teenager jerked her voluptuous young buttocks up at the
rigidly teasing cock, anxious and hungry to have it buried deep in her fiery
belly, but the grinning boy held back just enough to prevent her from taking it
inside.  He guided it up and down the smooth valley again and again, pausing
here and there to push and retreat and make her moan in frustration.  More warm
lubricant oozed out to be spread over the pinkly blushing flesh, and he placed
the purple head of his cock again over her tiny anus pushing once, twice,
harder as she squirmed on the blanket beneath her.

      "Ooohhh, ooohhh, oohhhh!  Fuck me... Ohhh, God, fuck me!" she cried with
her long slender legs trembling in tensed anticipation.  She was ready, so
ready, and willing to take him anywhere as long as he fucked her.

      Sweat dripped from Rick Hill's forehead as the heated arousal of his body
grew more intense, but he still held back, enjoying the seeming power his hard
young penis had over her wantonly writhing body.  No matter where he touched
her with it, she squirmed and twisted as if wanting to take its massive
hardness inside, and he thought about making her suck it or take it in her
asshole, but the memory of her tightly slick young cunt around his rigid cock
dominated all.

      With a calculating cold-bloodedness born of a wild passion, he laid the
full length of his hard, heatedly throbbing penis over the wide-splayed slit of
her cunt, and he fell upon her, his hips trapping her legs out wide, his hands
covering the pliant globes of her large, softly fleshed breasts.

      She moaned and writhed insanely, her eyes closed, her mouth open with a
hot, implacable desire.  "F-fuck m-m-meeeee!" she moaned, her voice wild and
high.

      He felt her fingers tracing down his spinal column, feeling each inch as
they explored lower.  They moved past his waist, and he closed his eyes and
tried not to moan with delight.  He dared not think of what she was going to
do, even though he knew... and died from anticipation.  He raised his hips
slowly, the head of his unbending cock slipping down her hair-lined slit,
further and further until it was positioned against the gaping mouth of her
moistly heated cunt.  With a frenzied movement, her hands cupped the cheeks of
his buttocks and she tried to pull him toward her, trying, with all her might,
to shove his long hard cock into her impatiently wanting cunt.

      "Fuck me!" she begged.  "Fuck me anyway you like!"

      Her words drove him mad.  Her face was distorted with lust and wild with
passion as her head thrashed back and forth, sending her red hair whipping
through the air.  He pushed forward, carefully... gradually slipping the thick
excitedly pulsating head of his penis into the tight grip of her snug little
cunt.  He entered her, an inch, then another, the head of his cock stretching
her wetly slick passage wide as she squirmed beneath him, groaning and panting
and wanting him all the way to her belly.  The tortuously slow entry was
teasing ecstasy, stirring a fire in his balls that made his cum boil as he
pushed deeper in the lubricated tunnel, her hot little cunt rippling over his
hardened flesh as if sucking it inside.  He penetrated still another inch of
sensual delight, but still he held to his agonizing pace.

      Karen groaned, arching her buttocks up in her sexual delirium as she
tightly gripped his muscular young buttocks, pulling the cheeks wide so that he
felt the cool night air stirring between them.  Then, as he tensed, he felt the
young girl's outstretched finger find its way to the crack between his naked
buttocks and burrow its way down until it touched on his excitedly puckering
anus.  With a yell and a bellow, he rammed his thick cock into the pulpy
hotness of her young cunt.  It sank all the way home into the deep mysterious
depths of her being, and he felt it hot and hard and powerful... with her
moistly contracting pussy pulsating all around his long hard shaft as if it
were determined to hold it prisoner in her cunt forever.

      Forcing his arms underneath her and holding her tight so that her head
fell back and her entire upper torso was lifted off the ground, he began
fucking her -- slowly at first, then in a rapidly increasing and snarling
desire.  The young teenager responded wildly, gyrating her hips like a whore
gone mad, eager to get more of his hotly throbbing cock deeper inside her, if
that was possible.

      Rick lost all control and began fucking with all his might, his balls
slapping against her nakedly upturned buttocks as he lifted them off the
blanket with each stroke and slammed her back down again.  The sex-crazed girl
squealed, faintly at first then louder as his massive young cock sawed in and
out with wild abandon, racing into Karen's wetly clasping cunt like a piston in
a revved-up engine.  Their pubic hairs entangled as his penis sliced down
between her legs and up into her belly, her vibrant little pussy, a warm and
soft and grasping pulsating sleeve of pleasure, pulling him inside and
squeezing him out as her belly wantonly churned and her thighs locked against
his rolling hips.

      It had only been a week, but it seemed like forever since he had an
orgasm or even sex of any kind, and he felt his impatiently heated cum building
with the might and undeniable thrust of a bulldozer out of control.  He pushed
his hand under her eagerly raised young buttocks, and he was imagining the look
of the tiny puckered orifice hidden teasingly and mysteriously up between her
hotly trembling ass-cheeks, feeling the smooth hairless skin of the softly
yielding valley leading to her anus.  He wanted to touch it, feel the tight
elastic texture of her anal ring with his finger.

      "OOooohh yes!  Put your finger in my asshole, Rick, baby... Ohhh, now now
now!"

      His fingertip made contact with the tightly puckered little opening and
he pushed hard against it, eliciting more fevered groans of pleasure from the
teenaged girl.  The elastic-like ring of warmly pulsating flesh seemed to
loosen and tighten in time to the fucking of his thickly hardened cock in and
out of her tight little cunt just above it, and he twisted his invading finger
around up to the first knuckle, screwing it hotly up into the rubbery mouth of
her hairless little anus.

      "Ooohh, yessss... Ooohh, ohhh, ohhh!" Karen gasped loudly and in pain as
his finger drove deeper up into her tightly cringing rectum, another object of
lusting pleasure to saw and fuck in her loins.

      Rick ground his throbbing cock down hard into her heatedly clasping cunt
and thrust his finger deeper, up to the second knuckle, in her heatedly tight
rectum, straining and grunting -- fighting the urge to let his boiling white
cum dash free from his bloated balls.  She moved beneath him like a sex machine
-- all velvet and heat -- the taut muscles in her rectum slowly, deliberately,
pulling and working at his screwing finger, wanting it deep as he drove it
through the tight, spongy grasp of her anus.  Her wanton little body was alive,
her fleshy young buttocks wildly grinding under the smooth pistoning of his
hotly throbbing cock as they raised themselves up to his deepest drives.  Her
legs spasmodically flew up and out, opening her shamelessly aroused loins even
wider to his hard, rapid thrusts, and she arched her naked hips up to meet him,
twisting and mewling as if worshipping the hard fleshy penis shoved deep in her
hungrily burning cunt.

      "Oooohh, Goddd!  Yeesss... Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" Karen was being
sexually driven toward her own wild ecstasy, wantonly wiggling her buttocks and
thrusting her pelvis up to meet each one of his savage blows as her eyes closed
and she let her head fall back and her mouth open in wondrous rapture.

      "I'm c-c-cummmiinnnaggg!" she gasped.

      "Uunnnhhhh!"

      "I... I'mmmm ccuunummmmmminngggg!" the teenaged girl gasped again.

      Her tightly clasping little cunt of hot buttery liquid rippled against
his lust-inflated cock like a volcanic wave of erotic fire, and Rick was
breathing hard and his heart was pounding as though it were about to fly right
out of his chest as he felt his orgasm growing until it seemed to fill his
whole groin.  Then, like hot mercury finding a channel, his cum -- heavy and
thick -- raced as if it had been poured down a funnel and exploded, almost
tearing the head of his cock off as it heatedly splattered into her wildly
rejoicing young cunt.  He felt himself thrusting, pouring white hot sperm into
the wantonly writhing girl as his toes tingled and the hair stood up on the
back of his neck and he bellowed, "Aaaaaggghhhhhh!"

      And still the never-ending spurts of hot cum pumped out of his cock,
filling her and making it easy to saw in and out of her wildly contracting
pussy.  Her belly rolled with his lunges, spasms of delight arching up against
him; and her mouth was open, teeth tightly bared, as she gasped and moaned in
groaning climactic desire.  He pumped once, twice, then once again, feeling his
strength going, his muscles turning into taffy, and his bones melting into warm
butter.  With a long satisfied moan, he finally collapsed on top of her...
breathing heavily, his long cock still buried into her eagerly milking vagina.

      Karen continued to writhe beneath him, wiggling her hips and screwing up
against his half-hard cock as his outstretched finger kept fucking into the
depths of her heated rectum.  Their climactic juices flowed warmly, slowly,
around the thick base of his wildly jerking cock and seeped down the moist
crevice of her wide-splayed buttocks to lubricate his finger as it plunged
tirelessly in her tightly clasping anus.  Then, as if only pausing before
making a new ascent, she slowly lowered her legs on the blanket, forcing his
finger to slip gradually, smoothly, from the spongy grasp of her rectum until
the fingertip came out of her puckered little anus with a lewd popping noise.

      Rick stayed over her as he suddenly felt the chill of the night air on
his naked buttocks, and he reached out to pull the blanket over them.  It was
then that he realized the flashlight was still shining on them.  This struck
him so funny that he began laughing, causing his deflating cock to slip noisily
from Karen's cum-filled cunt.  He rolled onto his back, gasping and choking,
"Imagine...  W-what if somebody had come...  What a show!" he said between his
rasping laughter.  "Oh, woowwww!"

      Karen turned on her side, finishing the job Rick started by pulling the
blanket over their naked young bodies.  She was still reveling in the sensually
slippery feel of warm cum between her smooth inner thighs, and she snuggled in
close to him.  "That was nice," she sighed, totally unconcerned about possible
onlookers.

      "Yeah," he answered, but he was thinking about her mother, Valerie, and
what was probably happening to her right then.  Karen and her sexy young mother
in bed together, that would really be something!  And, abruptly, he remembered
his own mother and how he had told her he'd be back for dinner.  He knew he had
to leave... right now.  "I've got to get back to the cabin..."

      "Ooohhh, already?" she said, and she knew Rick liked it when she pouted.

      "I told my mother I'd be back for dinner an hour ago!  She's probably
worried."

      "Doesn't she know what you're doing?" Karen asked though she already knew
the answer.

      "Oh, come on!  She thinks you're a virgin, and me too!  She'd die of
shock if she found out differently..." Rick said, and he believed it, too.

      "You know, she is awfully uptight for such an attractive woman," she said
as if thinking out loud.  "I'm going to see if Valerie can help her..."

      "No!  Don't, Karen...  Whatever it is that makes my mother the way she
is...  Well, she's going to have to..."  He couldn't finish the statement.
"Hell, I'd better get going!"  He started to push back the blanket, but he
froze as Karen's warm young hand closed over his cock.

      "That good fuck you just threw me made my throat dry.  I was kinda
hoping..."  She gently squeezed his limp penis with her fingers, and he felt it
growing hard again.  The way she talked sometimes just drove him crazy; the way
she licked her wetly parted lips making what she wanted so obvious and all...
Hell, he was late now, a few more minutes wouldn't matter!  And she was,
obviously, hungry... so why not feed her...


                                IncstLuv.txt 4/8

                               An Incestuous Love
                                   Chapter 4

      It seemed colder, and Linda pulled her coat more tightly around her as
twilight finally faded and night fell around her. She was past the campsites,
too far for the flickering light from their fires and lanterns to do much good,
and she stood in the darkness, glancing nervously to her left and toward the
sloping, tree-covered hill.  She didn't think she could ever find her way up in
the darkness, and she knew she should turn back, returning to the cabin alone.

      She didn't want to go all the way to the Boyds' camp anyway, because she
didn't want Rick to think of her as an interfering mother.  But she waited, for
a few minutes, somehow believing that Rick would soon be coming down the hill.
When she saw a light at the top through the trees, moving and shining down a
trail, she was sure it was Rick on his way back to the cabin.  Then it stopped,
a short distance below the rise, but she couldn't tell what was happening
because of the trees.  The beam of light moved, appearing and disappearing, and
then she could only see a dull glow coming from one place.  Was he lost?  Oh
God... what if he had fallen?

      There was a trail up the slope; somehow she had to find it, to get to
that spot of light and make sure that her son was all right.  She moved slowly,
cautiously, afraid that she might step into a chuck hole or trip over a fallen
branch.  Soon, to her surprise, she found herself on a well-defined trail
angling up the slope.  Still she moved slowly as the trail was steep and
treacherous, and one wrong step could prove disastrous.  The climb was
difficult.  She stopped now and then to make sure that she was still heading up
toward the light.  At one point the trail moved away from that pinpoint of
illumination, and she nearly walked into a tree.  She stayed on the trail, and
in time it did angle back in the direction of the light.

      She was breathing heavily from effort as the trail seemed to become
steeper, but finally she realized that the spot she was seeking was directly
ahead of her, only a short distance away. She paused to catch her breath and
thought about calling out her son's name, but a sound, a noise she couldn't
identify caused her to remain quiet.  What if it wasn't Rick at all, and she
was nowhere near the Boyds' camp?  It was possible she was approaching a total
stranger, and if that was in fact the case, she didn't want to be seen.

      She started again, quietly, deciding that she would first get a look at
the scene before committing herself; and even if it wasn't Rick there, it had
been worth the climb to put her mind at ease.  The trail reached a level area,
and now she could see that the illumination came from a flashlight lying on the
ground about ten feet ahead, but whatever it was shining on had been blocked
from her vision by the base of a large tree.  She knew someone was there as she
could hear heavy breathing, and with skin tingling from fright and nervous
excitement, she cautiously moved to the near side of the tree trunk.  She was
scared, frightened by what she might find behind the tree, but she was drawn to
it, somehow feeling she had to look.  My God, please don't let it be Rick who's
fallen and hurt himself.

      Gradually she moved around the tree, her eyes wide as she progressively
took in more and more: a dark green blanket, a pile of clothes, the movement of
naked flesh... and then she wanted to scream!  Her head began spinning crazily
as images -- prurient, intense images -- swam through her brain to make her
legs weak and her heart pound.  Abruptly, she thought she was going to faint as
her whole world came to a shattering end.  There, a few feet away, before her
horrified and disbelieving eyes, was her son and Karen... nakedly locked
together, lewdly and violently in the process of sexual intercourse.  The young
mother couldn't move as she stared transfixed at the heated coupling, the
impact of the shock thrusting into her silently screaming brain again and again
like a mad surgeon's scalpel jabbing repeatedly into her nerve centers.

      Her son and Karen Boyd together on the blanket, their naked bodies
glistening in the beam of the flashlight as they rhythmically performed an
obscene horizontal dance of seduction. Linda blinked her eyes not wanting to
believe what she saw, yet it was so clear, and so very near!  Karen's long legs
were back, knees practically touching the ground at her shoulders, and her
wide-spread loins were clearly visible as she wantonly bucked under the driving
lunges of Rick's long, hard penis.  Linda wanted to run, to flee from this
terrible heartbreaking sight before her, but her legs wouldn't move, no matter
how hard she tried to make them work.  It was as if she was captured and held
by an invisible force, a demanding force that made her a part of the scene on
the blanket.

      Her eyes took in the images and planted them in her brain as if she was
to judge and evaluate the quality of the fucking.  The reddish silkiness of
Karen's pubic hair was parted, flared out by the thickness of the wetly ramming
cock that plunged again and again into the moist pink opening of her ravished
little cunt. Even the larger than normal bud of her clitoris could be seen --
erect and throbbing -- responding to the contact of his powerful young penis as
he speared deep into her eagerly writhing belly. Linda could hear, as loudly as
the drums of doom, her son's sperm-laden balls slapping noisily against the
open crevice that divided the smoothly rounded globes of the girl's gyrating
buttocks.  When he withdrew, his hard fleshy column -- slick with her
lubricating fluid -- would force the tightly clasping flesh of her vagina to
roll out and then inward again as his glistening thick cock disappeared once
more all the way inside her.  Just below the moistened pink flanges of her
pussy was a tiny puckered hole that seemed to suck at the hairy sac of his
balls each time they slammed against it.

      Karen was groaning incessantly, her head rolling from side to side making
a tangle of her long, auburn hair.  It was only too obvious how much she loved
this lewd fucking she was getting. Linda tried to divert her eyes, ashamed of
the churning unexplainable emotions she felt, but something made her stare at
her son's powerful young buttocks, as he pistoned into Karen's tight little
cunt.  The nakedly thrusting cheeks of his ass tightened and relaxed with the
rhythm of his fucking; and his mother watched closely, examining his genitals
with a subjectivity that was sinful.  She was truly amazed by the enormous size
of his long virile penis.

      His hard shaft was lined with blue veins that pounded with his
excitement, the throbbing seeming to become more and more pronounced with each
passing second.  He was really buffeting the nakedly writhing young girl's
body, yet she was obviously wanting even more.

      Linda tried to move again, knowing she was observing something not really
meant for her eyes, and on top of it all, she also realized with disgust and
shame that the salacious sight was stimulating her own body.  Her legs had
begun trembling as the bud of her clitoris became moistly erect with arousal,
and she had the perverse and vile urge to reach down between her quivering
thighs and shove a finger, two fingers, into the wet folds of her own
intolerably heated pussy.  Her head was spinning with the desire for
satisfaction, as there was something in her memory that was coming forward,
something darkly exciting provoked by the sight of her son and Karen fucking.

      "Ooohh yes!  Put your finger in my asshole, Rick... Ohhh, now now now!"
Karen groaned loudly as she bucked under his powerfully pistoning young cock,
and the words floated over to Linda like teasing, arousing and taunting little
shocks of pleasure, drawing her attention even more into the lewd action. The
trembling young mother stared at Karen's tightly puckered anus as Rick's
outstretched middle finger pushed against it, worming into the clasping dry
hole to disappear up to the first knuckle. And Karen begged for more.  "Ooooh,
yessss... that hurts sooooo good!  OOOh, oooh, oohhh!"

      Linda was aghast as she saw her young son's extended finger sliding into
Karen's rectum, deeper and deeper, rhythmically taking up the tempo of his cock
fucking into her moistly quivering pussy.  Linda thought she, too, could
actually feel the fiery penetration into her own suddenly puckering anus, and
the shock made her legs move.  Somehow she was able to back away from the tree,
retreat from the salacious sight of her son and Karen fucking, as the memory it
brought out was suddenly clear.  It was as if she was seeing herself at the
same age as Karen, that time so many years ago in the park with the sailor.
And she could remember how his long hard penis had felt, so good, so...

      Linda started to run, willing to go anywhere as long as it was away from
that horrible spot, and without really knowing why, she ran up the trail to the
top of the rise.  She was again in the darkness of the night, but she moved
without the fear of stumbling, as that had somehow lost its importance.  There
were too many other things to think of now, and a careless step, a fall was
insignificant.

      Perhaps unconsciously she was thinking to go to Valerie Boyd with her new
knowledge, to put the facts before Karen's mother in the hope that she could
erase the lewd scene she had just witnessed from her mind.  Yet, whatever
brought her to the edge of the clearing and campsite, was quickly forgotten or
lost in the prurient haze that once again permeated her mind.

      Linda froze, having almost charged blindly into another wild sex scene,
this one even worse than the earlier, that was just getting underway.  It
looked even more unreal than the last, their naked bodies glowing red in the
brilliant firelight, so close that Linda thought she could reach out and touch
them.  Yet, it was less their nudity than their bizarre positions that stunned
Linda, and she remained hidden in the thick foliage, her mind trying to make
sense out of the lewd spectacle before her.

      There was a man, stripped naked and stretched out on his back on top of a
table, surrounded by plates and glasses and bottles, and there was the
voluptuous Valerie Boyd, kneeling on discarded clothes on a bench beside the
table.  Her smoothly rounded backside was toward Linda, and both of her hands
were encircling a huge, rigidly erect penis that stood straight up from the
man's bushy groin.  Linda would never have believed a cock could be so big, and
if that wasn't enough of a shock, she was stunned to see Valerie lovingly
caressing it in her hands.  It was almost as if the naked Boyd woman was a
doctor examining a patient's sexual prowess as she leaned over it, her long red
hair hanging down to touch his thighs, while her fingers seemed to feel every
part of its long, hard-fleshed surface.  She was laughing and licking her wetly
parted lips and breathing over the throbbing penis, her face moving closer and
closer to it.

      "You have a lovely cock," she said to the grinning man, and Linda found
herself examining the man's penis too.  The thick head seemed to glow a
majestic purple in the reddish light of the fire, and the narrow slit at the
tip opened and closed as Valerie's hand stroked up and down its thick length.
The man raised up on his elbows, coolly staring at her stroking of his cock,
and when he made certain motions with his hips, it was apparent he wanted to
thrust his massively erect penis into her mouth.

      Linda told herself it was wrong to be spying on Valerie like this, but at
the same time she had a mother's interest in knowing the family of her son's
girlfriend.  And she knew that, at the moment, she couldn't bring herself to
walk back down the trail, without running the risk of encountering Rick and
Karen again. But what really kept her there was the thought of seeing a sexual
act like she had never dreamed possible.  Though she could never consciously
admit it, she had become almost wantonly aroused by watching her son fucking
his girl.  Thus she was emotionally and physically unable to pass up the
opportunity to observe another sexual scene -- a scene that would justify her
arousal.

      Valerie was mewling a high-pitched moan of pleasure as she leaned closer
and closer to the thickly jutting column of flesh, leaning over until her large
white breasts were sensually swaying just above his jerking penis.  She moved
lower, positioning her dangling globes until they were on either side of the
wildly throbbing cock and squeezed them around the fleshy shaft as if she was
making a sandwich.  Then she began to stroke the massive penis, using her
softly firm breasts in place of her hands.

      The thick purple head of the man's impatiently pulsating cock disappeared
into the soft warm valley formed by her large breasts, and then it reappeared
as she began to raise up and down, fucking his lust-hardened staff with her
tits.  In the reddish light of the fire, the whole scene appeared to be a
strange and bizarre ritual that Karen's naked mother was performing over the
man's idol-like phallus.  The man had a fixed smile on his face as he watched
his long thick cock being massaged by her soft breasts, and he suddenly arched
his hips up, pushing the head of his cock up so far that it scraped her chin.
Valerie backed away for a moment, laughing teasingly, then formed an "O" with
her moist red lips.  No longer smiling, suddenly very serious, she bent down
slightly and flicked her pink little tongue out at the massively jerking penis,
wetly circling its throbbing head.

      For an instant the whole bizarre scene tilted crazily before Linda's
eyes, and she felt faint.  It was too unbelievable, seeing so clearly, so close
to herself, the vile and crude sexual play of Karen's mother.  She knew she
should leave and somehow return to the cabin unseen, but she also knew that no
power on earth could force her away from this lewdly exciting sight.  She had
never seen anything more vilely perverted in her life... and she wanted to see
all of it... because it was exciting her beyond measure.

      The man's massive cock was growing even larger under the ministrations of
Valerie's tongue; and she was licking up and down the full blood-filled length
of it now, occasionally stopping to flick out across the very tip where tiny
drops of semen had appeared.  It was as if she was whipping the hard flesh into
submissiveness as she painted it over with her warmly glistening saliva.  When
the man moaned and squirmed like a beaten animal, she withdrew her tongue, and
she lowered her head until the thick tip of his moistened penis was slowly
slipping between her ovalled red lips, entering the warm cavity of her mouth.
She sucked and licked at the vibrant flesh as though it were a delicious
ice-cream cone.  Gradually, Karen's mother began taking a little more of its
thickness inside her wetly sucking mouth, and -- at the same time -- had her
hand wrapped around its thick base, pumping furiously up and down.  Then
Valerie suddenly did something Linda wouldn't have believed possible if she
hadn't seen it with her own eyes.

      Moaning loudly, Valerie slowly lowered her head, taking nearly the entire
long length of the man's wetly glistening cock into her throat.  Her cheeks
bloated out grotesquely and then hollowed in as she sucked furiously on the
pulsating rod; when she raised her head up again, she left a trail of white
teeth marks along its blood-red surface.  Then with a rhythmic motion, her head
began rapidly sawing up and down on the man's cock, her tightly compressed lips
rolling in and out as she sucked with tremendous force.  With her other hand
she began to massage the hairy huge globes of his sperm-weighted balls, and she
appeared caught up in a sexual frenzy that grew more intense with each passing
second.

      Linda's heart was pounding so fast that she thought she could feel it
reverberating in her ears and, unconsciously, she began to rub her legs
together, her inner thighs like pinchers squeezing her wetly palpitating
vagina.  Her legs again started to tremble, and she sank down to the ground,
being careful to keep Valerie and the man in clear view.  Then, just as she sat
on the pine needle covered earth, another man came into sight from around
behind the tent.  Linda almost jumped up again, but she stayed put when she
realized that he, too, was totally naked and obviously a member of the party.
He was grinning as he walked, and jutting out from his hairy groin was a
half-hard penis that to Linda looked even bigger than the one in Valerie's
mouth.

      "Don, you dirty bastard," he said growling, "I turn my back for a second
and you two start fucking without me!"  He looked unhappy as he came around the
table to stand behind Valerie and the man he had called Don.  Linda was amazed
as the man on the table only laughed, while Valerie, her mouth full of Don's
cock, and unable to speak, merely wiggled her naked buttocks back at the
newcomer.

      "You can pump it in the other way, Ray," Don said between grunting
laughs, and Linda felt her nerves shrilly jangling with excitement as she
realized what the man on the table meant by his statement.

      The standing man, Ray, laughed in answer and moved to the head end of the
table where several bottles of liquor were placed. Linda was horrified to see
Valerie spreading her legs wide apart in a wanton gesture of willing
acquiescence.  She was still kneeling on the bench, the fully rounded globes of
her buttocks like twin moons above her firm white thighs, and her back sloped
slightly downward as she leaned over the table sucking hungrily on Don's long
hard cock.

      Ray picked up a bottle of clear liquor, Linda couldn't tell whether it
was gin or vodka, and he returned with it to stand once again behind Valerie's
voluptuously wiggling backside.  He uncapped the bottle, and laughing loudly,
poured some of the contents over Valerie's sloping back.  Linda held back a
vocal cry of surprise as she watched the liquor trickle down the hollow formed
by the woman's spine to finally run between the deep shadowy crevice dividing
her buttocks' cheeks.  But Valerie moaned pleasurably around the thick cock in
her mouth, and Ray, laughing cruelly, poured even more of the liquor over her
obscenely writhing buttocks and loins.

      Linda trembled with disbelief, unable to understand how Karen's young
mother could permit such a debasing act to be performed on her body, but in
another moment her nerves tingled with renewed excitement as she saw what Ray
intended to do. Turning his back to Valerie, he knelt down on the ground and
leaned over backwards until his head was up between her wide-spread thighs, and
with mouth open, he licked the silver drops of liquor that was clinging to her
reddish pubic hair.

      My God, he's going to kiss her... There!  Linda thought as she stared at
the trio of naked people.  She couldn't believe it, didn't want to believe it,
but she knew that it was happening and making her own body burn with
extraordinary intensity.

      Ray didn't have to raise his head to continue, as Valerie spread her
knees out wider until his voracious mouth was pressed into the soft flesh of
her booze-moistened cunt.  With the first touch of his hot lips against her
tender cuntal flesh, she moaned like a banshee around the sawing cock in her
mouth.  Immediately, Ray's moistly quivering tongue flicked out into the
perfumed pussy flesh as his arms snaked around her quivering white thighs
pulling her closer still.  His fingers dug into the soft crevice of her
supplely globular buttocks, spreading the twin cheeks wide apart so to gain
better access for his lengthy tongue.

      Linda felt a wanton shudder run up her spine as the tiny ring of
Valerie's little brown anus was abruptly exposed to her view. She could even
see the dark pink ridge of rubbery flesh expanding and contracting in the light
from the fire.  Below it, she could see the man's wetly glistening tongue
moving in the pink furrow of the quivering vagina.  Suddenly it disappeared
into the moistly clasping opening, driving deep into Valerie's hot little cunt.
Linda was so caught up in the bizarre scene that she thought she, too, could
feel the heated tongue slicing up between her inner thighs licking its hot way
deep into her cunt.  Abruptly, their perverted lust began to take hold of her
body also... and she realized she was thankful for being hidden from their
view, as an uncontrollable desire to touch her own body dominated her thoughts.

      The dull burning sensation in the pit of her belly had become a raging
flame of lusting need, and she opened the front of her coat, taking the hem of
her dress to raise it up until it was gathered like an accordion above her
large, pointed breasts.  With both hands, she lifted her brassiere up over the
jutting mounds of flesh to cup them and pinch the tinglingly erect nipples
between thumbs and forefingers.  Not once did she take her eyes off the lewd
sexual scene on the table in the clearing.

      Valerie's head was bobbing up and down rapidly, her hand moving almost
too fast to see along the glistening, hard cock in ever swifter strokes as she
sensually swung her fully-fleshed buttocks in circles over the wetly probing
tongue.  Ray was driving his tongue up into the moist channel of her hotly
clasping pussy like a cat lapping milk, and his fingers began probing into the
tight ring of flesh around the entrance to her rectum. Karen's shamelessly
aroused mother wiggled her buttocks back against his fingers as if wanting to
take them inside, and obeying her unspoken request, Ray suddenly plunged his
long, outstretched middle finger into the depths of her rubbery asshole.

      Linda, eyes glazed over with lust, watched as his finger drove up to the
second knuckle and began immediately to fuck in and out, sawing a counter
rhythm to his flicking tongue.  The sight sent chills of pained excitement
streaking through her own rectum, tingling like the fire in her loins and she
released one hand hold of her breast to push the band of her white little nylon
panties down over her ripely flaring hips.  Once the flimsy material was
gathered at her knees, she kicked her legs out, anxious to have the panties all
the way off.  She wanted complete freedom of movement with her legs, and she
spread them wide apart, leaving her love-starved pussy completely accessible.

      She hesitated a moment, a familiar tinge of guilt crossing her
consciousness for an instant, but she was already beyond the point of
self-control.  Eagerly, trembling with a fiery need, she ran her hand up
between her firm inner thighs until her fingers were pressing into the soft
folds of her moistly heated vagina. The silken pubic hairs were wet with her
lubricating fluid, and the swelling mound of cuntal flesh pulsed hotly beneath
the pressure of her hand.  Her fingers brushed electrically over the tiny
hardened tip of her clitoris, and she gasped at the unexpected shock the
contact brought.  It was overpowering, and the guilt that flickered through her
conscience was overcome by the agonized, terrible frustration of her need.

      The sexual scene on the camp table was coming to a head, their combined
motions and groans of pleasure seeming to permeate the night air, and Linda,
though apart from them, was also feeling the power of their sexual energy.  It
surely had to reach climax soon, or so Linda thought, and she too wanted to
feel the exquisite heights of orgasm.  But then, the scene before her was
suddenly changing, as Ray, the man oral fucking Valerie's pulsating vagina,
stopped his tonguing action and stood up.

      Linda remained still for a moment, fearing possible discovery, and she
wondered what bizarre act Ray was going to perform next on Valerie.  He was
stroking his hugely erect cock, each motion making the glowing purple head
swell out even bigger, and Linda shuddered, realizing he was pointing it
directly at Valerie's wiggling backside.  Was he going to fuck her from behind,
dog-style?  Linda didn't know what to expect, but she saw that Valerie had
slowed up her sucking and bobbing over the other man's cock.  It was as if she
was waiting for Ray to get himself ready, and to Linda it seemed to take
forever... while, in fact, he was behind her only a few seconds.

      Ray casually dug his fingers into the crevice dividing Valerie's softly
rounded ass-cheeks, and he spread them wide apart to expose her anus once
again.  Linda had seen him sawing his fingers in and out of Valerie's tightly
puckered little rectum, and that had been arousing in itself, but suddenly
Ray's new intentions were very, very clear.  His great thick penis was headed
directly for the tiny crinkled ring of her anus!  That little orifice was
stretched wide open, quivering in eager anticipation between the distended
cheeks of her full globular buttocks.  Without having stopped for a moment in
her oral fucking of Don's mighty cock, Valerie raised her hips up higher as if
to meet Ray halfway.

      Linda was horrified, frozen with excited fear as she watched him move his
long, wildly throbbing penis up between Valerie's wide-spread buttocks.  She
didn't believe it was possible! Valerie certainly couldn't take such a huge
pole into her rectum that way without being torn in half!  But, even as Rick's
mother stared in disbelief, the naked Mrs. Boyd raised her head up from the
thick, wetly glistening cock in her mouth, gasping out in staccato rhythm the
words that Linda was afraid to hear.

      "Hurry... Fuck... My... Asshole!  Let's all... cum... together..."

      Linda's mind was spinning with unbelieving horror as the words seemed to
echo through the still night air.  Nobody could perform such an inhuman,
animalistic act, yet Valerie was actually begging for it!  Suddenly, Ray was
shuffling forward, the blunt head of his penis madly pulsating as he placed it
against the little aperture of her tight anus, and she seemed to be wiggling
back against it as though hungry to have it ripping into her lust-crazed body.
Ray let the swollen, blood-filled head rest there for a moment, a deep purple
and angrily throbbing knob between the gleaming white cheeks of her ass.  He
was breathing hard now, his whole body nakedly trembling with vile excitement,
but he held back either to torment Valerie as she subjugated herself before
him, or to savor the thrill of her heated flesh expanding against the throbbing
end of his long, hard cock.  Don, on the table, was just staring up at them, a
lewd grin of aroused passion on his face, and Linda thought he too was anxious
to see the perverted sodomizing of Karen's mother's anus.

      "Shove... Cock... In... My... Asshole!" Valerie Boyd chanted around the
lust-swollen penis in her mouth.  She was squirming in her bent over position,
trying desperately to wiggle her fleshy buttocks back onto the long cock poised
against her hotly clenching little anus.  Ray was holding her hips firmly with
both hands, and he responded to her request with cruel and sudden violence.
Valerie would have been sent sprawling across the table if Ray hadn't held on
to her, and Linda involuntarily cried out loud as she watched the thick blunted
head of his wildly-throbbing penis plow with terrifying force into the narrow
channel of Valerie's rectum.

      "Aaaaagggghhhhh!" Valerie grunted around the thick rod of quivering flesh
in her mouth, and she began bobbing rapidly up and down over Don's cock as if
giving positive approval to this brutal assault on her anus.  Her muffled cry
was loud enough to drown out Linda's vocal groan, and they both grunted again
as Ray hammered more of his thickly throbbing shaft into the raw, screaming
funnel of hot anal flesh kneeling before him.

      With terrified amazement, Linda watched as the huge, blood-filled cock
slowly skewered into the tightly clasping passage, stretching it impossibly
wide as inch by inch it disappeared inside the elastic-like ring of rubbery
flesh.  He drove it into Valerie's rectum its full length, deeper and deeper
until his groin was pressing hard against the wantonly spread cheeks of her
buttocks, and then he withdrew, faster, and began sawing in and out of her
heated rectal depths, his pubic hair matting down and springing loose each time
he humped against her defenselessly upturned ass-cheeks.  His semen-laden balls
swung forward with such force they made a loud noise slapping against her
moistly quivering vagina, and the sound reminded Linda of her own
passion-soaked cunt.  Ray fucked into the anus like a madman in a fit of
insanity, and Valerie's head bounced up and down, her expression one of such
lusting ecstasy that Linda was filled with reluctant awe.  Stretched out on the
table top, Don was still leering with a fixed, cruel smile, but he began to
drive his wetly glistening cock up into the hungry depths of Valerie's madly
sucking throat with harder and harder lunges.  Linda tried to close her eyes,
to block out the wildly depraved triple coupling, as she was shocked by the
unwanted reaction that came from her own burning belly.

      She began to shake violently as she listened to Don's obscene shouts for
Valerie to "suck harder, you beautiful bitch.  Suck harder!"  His lust-glazed
eyes stared at the unnatural coupling of Ray's penis in Valerie's rectum, and
he shouted his encouragements as if he could no longer hold back his orgasm.

      "Harder... Faster... Fuck her harder... Oh, God, suck it baby!  Suck it!"

      It was crazy, a momentary weakness, but Linda knew she desperately wanted
to feel a man's penis inside her -- not "wanted," but needed, and had to have.
The fire in her wickedly pulsating vagina was raging out of control, and the
lewd groans and cries of pleasure coming from the table in the clearing were
torturing her, as Valerie kept grunting her lust and the men answered with
obscene shouts and powerful inward thrusts into her nakedly voluptuous body.
Linda became lost in her own passionate daze as she listened to the obscene
sounds of the three people, and she lay back on the ground, her coat beneath
her, ready to surrender to the heated desire consuming her love-starved body.
The hand she'd placed between her thighs had stopped its desperate clawing as
aroused anguished passion took final control of her mind.  She lifted her long
shapely legs up, and bent and unbent them, the knees rising and falling as her
hips slowly writhed. Her cool fingertips stroked the softly moist inner lips of
her quivering vagina, spreading the hot flesh gently apart and caressing the
smooth slipperiness of her passion center.

      Her frantic hand at her breast kneaded the straining mounds eagerly,
strumming the nipples to erect little peaks.  Simply touching them sent thrills
of wildly sensuous pleasure coursing through her lust-inflamed body.  And
slowly, imperceptibly, she sank into pure erotic feeling, only dimly aware of
the heated moans and cries from a few feet distant.  Her mind's eye was filled
with the obscene imagery of those three lusting bodies nearby, and all the
sensual visions tumbled about her head and whipped her passion to a steadily
increasing tempo.  Don's giant cock fucking into Valerie's gluttonous mouth;
she sucking greedily while Ray poured liquor over her ripely gleaming loins and
then tongue-fucked her cunt and drove his finger into her tiny anus, preparing
her for the greater entry.  In her mind, she saw it all again like an exciting
movie seen twice: Ray, standing behind Valerie's wiggling buttocks... and then,
finally, his wildly throbbing cock skewering deep into her puckered little
asshole, not stopping until it was buried far up in the depths of her heated
rectum.  It was in Linda's mind, all of it, indelibly there... tormenting
her... making her want to rip away her offending clothing and run nakedly out
into the clearing and shout, "Fuck me too!"

      Her loins were on fire like never before in her life as the pulsating
rhythm beating up between her thighs became a drumbeat of exquisite wet
sensitivity.  All of her consciousness was focused on satisfying her one
overwhelming need, and with a groan she plunged her outstretched middle finger
deep inside the viscous, moistened mouth of her hungrily pulsating pussy...
Linda had no other choice, for the passion of the three people had reached out
and was holding her as if a magnetic force, making her do to herself what she
desperately wanted to have done to her by someone else.  The momentary tight
resistance of her fluttering vaginal passage slowly gave way to the warming
motions of her fingers, and the warmly wet walls contracted hungrily around her
long extended digit as it slipped smoothly into her tight pink cunt.  She drew
her knees up and scissored her long legs wide open as her hips arched up
sharply, moving rhythmically up and down to the motion of her long gliding
finger driving in and out of her moistly clasping cunt.

      "Aaaaaagggghhhhhhhh!  Oooooooohhh!"  A gasping and muffled shrill cry
echoed into the still night air from the direction of the clearing, but the
sounds were barely heard by Linda.  She was totally wrapped up in finger
fucking her own hungry cunt, and the rhythm of her plunging finger was rapidly
gaining momentum.  The tight clasping walls of her vaginal passage seemed to
suck and pull at the digit with greater and stronger urgency until her whole
lust-crazed body was writhing in a wild display of explosive sexual
gratification.  After all of the erotic stimulations she had been subjected to
during the long night, it didn't take her much time to reach the final height
of excruciating passion.

      Every muscle in her body was seized by a quivering tautness as she hung
for a moment of time on the edge of release.  She was near -- so very near the
mysteriously building peak that she sought -- but one finger in her hotly
pulsating little cunt simply wasn't enough.  She inserted another to join the
first, sawing and grinding, pumping her ripely fleshed hips up and down as she
strained for the elusive orgasm.  Suddenly, she was seeing Ray's wildly
throbbing cock once again in Valerie's asshole, the thick fleshy cudgel
stretching wide the narrow passage as it drove with terrifying speed into the
very depths of her rectum.  That was what she needed, Linda thought, and she
removed her hand from the soft firmness of her breast, moving her long fingers
rapidly down to the warm crevice that divided her smoothly rounded buttocks.

      Groping into the hairless valley, she aimed for and found the tight
rubbery mouth of her anus and, carefully placing her forefinger against the
puckered little hole, she wormed the tip inside.  As it pushed through the
tight resistance, she tensed from the abrupt and unexpected flash of heated
pain, but she ignored it in her desperate attempt to achieve an orgasm.  She
shoved her digit up to the first knuckle, the hot sphincter muscles of her anal
passage grabbing her finger like a hungry octopus.  Gasping aloud, she plunged
her finger again down into the tight passage until she could shove it no
further.

      Her two hands moved in unison as they each worked frantically in their
respective holes, one driving wetly down into the heatedly clasping depths of
her cunt, while the other countered with a lunge into her tight little rectum.
She thrust them both in and out with an urgency born of frantic need, her legs
kicking up and back as she arched her ripely undulating buttocks into the air
again and again.  Oh, God, she thought, and she bucked once, twice, slicing her
fingers up into her belly as the sensation of waters bursting over a dam
flooded her passion-drenched body... and then she was cumming!

      "Uuuuugghhhh."  She was held by a prolonged spasm of rippling joy that
jolted and surged through her.  She wanted to scream out her sudden delight as
her madly quivering cunt contracted again and again around her deeply embedded
fingers, and the hot wetness oozed slowly out of her squeezing vagina.  Her
long tapered legs trembled, thighs shaking as she fought to contain and prolong
the beautiful climax, and she jerked up against her deeply buried fingers as
pearl-like droplets of her solitary -- lonely -- cum ran hotly down the crevice
of her buttocks.

      Linda had reached an orgasm, though it had not been what she expected.
The tremors in her belly quickly subsided, and she lay back against the pine
needles, her young body exhausted and spent. For a long moment she kept her
fingers buried inside her body as the last traces of her climax ran thickly
onto her coat beneath her buttocks.  Then, slowly, savoring each millimeter of
her long fingers, she pulled them from her cunt and anus with regret.

      Oh, God, Linda thought, what have I done?  Remembering where she was and
aware of the fact that she might have groaned out loud, she sat bolt upright,
her eyes searching for Valerie and the two men.  She felt momentary relief as
she saw they were not at the table, but then, in the darkness beyond, she saw
the faint whiteness of naked people on the far side of the tent.

      Jumping up quickly, she steadied herself against a tree as she waited for
strength to return to her legs; after a second she started to walk away from
the campsite, almost forgetting the panties she'd left on the ground.  She
picked them up, stuffing them in her coat pocket to not waste any time getting
away from the place, and she moved fast despite the darkness, as she could
imagine nothing more humiliating now than being discovered.

      She didn't have time to give any thought to what she had just done, as
she had to be careful while moving toward the trail down the slope, knowing
there was also the danger of running into Rick and Karen.  If they were
approaching, she counted on seeing their flashlight first and then quickly
hiding off the trail, but she made it down the angular trail without ever
seeing even a sign of them.

      Linda fell twice, avoiding injury both times but ending up with smudges
of dirt on her face and coat.  Soon she was walking across the bridge; only
then, able to think clearly for the first time, she realized that her
disheveled appearance could serve as an excuse for her absence from the cabin
should Rick be there when she returned.  She decided to tell him she had gone
for a walk, in the opposite direction of the Boyds' campsite, and that she had
become lost, thereby taking so long to return.  It sounded feasible and
something like that was necessary if she was not to fall completely apart,
admitting to Rick that she had seen him and Karen.

      When she was within sight of the cabin, Linda paused to pull her coat
tightly around her, then she messed up her hair a bit more.  The cabin looked
very much the same as when she had left it -- that seemed so long in the past
-- and taking a deep breath, she went inside.

      "Rick?"  There was no answer.  The fire she had lit earlier was almost
out, and she walked straight into the kitchen, expecting to find some sign of
her son having been there.  Nothing was disturbed, and the young mother again
started to worry about her son.  She was horrified by the thought of Rick and
Karen returning to the campsite and perhaps even joining Valerie Boyd and those
two men in some debasing and vile sexual act.

      Unsure of what she could do, Linda returned to the living room half
panic-struck with fear, but her fright subsided when she saw the white paper
left on the day-bed.  She quickly picked up the letter, her eyes scanning over
the neat, orderly printing to the signature at the bottom.  It was a note from
Rick.

      Mom... Stupid me...  I went off without the flashlight, so Karen walked
back with me...  Surprised not to find you here, but can hardly blame you for
not waiting dinner.  We decided to go over to the redwood lodge to see what's
happening, so don't wait up.  I took the flashlight from the car, so Karen
won't have to walk back to her camp alone...
      Sorry again for being so late,
      Love Rick.

      Linda was relieved to know that Rick was not going back to the Boyds'
camp immediately and, in spite of everything else that had happened, she
couldn't be angry with him.  She actually felt proud that he hadn't made up
some falsehood as an excuse for being late, but instead just chose to give no
reason at all.  Naturally he couldn't just say he was busy fucking Karen!

      Linda sat down on the day-bed, suddenly feeling weary and afraid.  Her
whole world had become disrupted in the space of a couple of hours, and she
knew that things could never be the same again.  Her son was far more adult
than she would ever have guessed, and he was probably more experienced sexually
than she. Linda thought she should be jealous of Karen, but she also felt that
she herself was responsible for Rick's sexual encounter in that she had never
really given him guidance.  Neither did she know which was worse: her staying
to watch her son and Karen, or remaining at the Boyds' campsite until she had
lost control herself.  It was all too confusing, too recent; and she was too
exhausted to think about it then.

      Taking the note from Rick with her, Linda walked to the bedroom, trying
to put the evening's events out of her mind.  She would have to look at her son
differently from now on, but that went for Karen and her wanton mother too.
She had asked Rick to tell Valerie that she would visit her in the morning, and
considering all that she had seen, Linda wondered if she could ever face the
Boyd woman again without fainting from embarrassment.

      Taking her panties out of her coat pocket and tossing them on the bed,
she removed her coat and dress and hung both up in the closet.  She made a
mental note to remember to wash out the little white stain on the coat lining,
then closed the closet door, not wanting to think about it anymore that
evening.  Taking off her brassiere and throwing it haphazardly on the bed with
her panties, she then walked into the bathroom and washed her face and combed
her hair without looking at her reflection in the mirror.  She couldn't face
herself, not then at least.  Slipping into her nightgown, she turned off the
lamp and got into the bed.  Sleep came quickly, but her dreams were filled with
erotically disturbing images of herself.  And to her horror, she found herself
doing what Valerie had done that night, and liking it... Only the man fucking
her -- the man whose cock she was eagerly sucking -- was her own son!

      Rick!


                                IncstLuv.txt 5/8

                               An Incestuous Love
                                   Chapter 5

      The day had turned cold, a gray blanket of high fog having draped the Big
Sur coast with pale light, and Linda's depression had gotten steadily worse.
She had slept late, staying in bed as long as possible without arousing
suspicion, yet she still had to face her son, so had feigned a headache to hide
her uneasiness.

      She had kept conversation to a minimum, and Rick had been sympathetic,
promising to stay out of her hair if that would help. Her ploy had worked, and
she was able to get Rick to deliver a new message to Valerie Boyd.  She was to
spend the day resting, and if Valerie had no other plans that evening, she
would be glad to visit with her then.  Linda had reasoned that she would have
the day to pull herself together, although it didn't quite work out that way.

      It was four in the afternoon, and Linda was making her third pot of
coffee when Rick came back to the cabin with Karen.  She was in the kitchen and
didn't hear them come in at first.

      "Mom?...  Oh, there you are!"

      "Hi..."  Linda felt her face heat up and redden with embarrassment.
"Hello, Karen."  She hadn't expected Rick to bring the Boyd girl with him, and
she felt it impossible to conceal her uneasiness.

      "Hi, Mrs. Hall.  Are you feeling better?" Karen said, a tone of real
concern in her voice.

      "Yes, thank you," Linda answered as she turned away, diverting her
attention to the coffee pot.  Why had Rick brought Karen?  Were they planning
to stay?  She wanted so much to be left alone, to escape the terrible thoughts
that had been plaguing her all day.  "I'm making some coffee...  Do you want
some?"  She couldn't think of anything else to say.

      "If it's all right with you, we're going out, Mom," Rick answered.  "We
wanted to stop by and see how you're getting along...  And, well..."  He
stopped, looking to his girlfriend for the rest.

      "I'm just fine, dear.  Don't let my silly headache spoil your weekend!"
Linda was serious, and she felt bad enough for having to lie.  She did want her
son to have a good time, even if it involved sex with Karen.  It was too late
to undo that!

      Rick started again, "Oh, about Mrs. Boyd...  I gave her your message, and
she said she was very anxious to see you.  She's coming here at six...  Said
she wanted to take you out to dinner...  If you're up to it..."  There was
more, but he would let that wait for Valerie Boyd to tell the rest.

      "Mom said she knows just the thing for your headache, Mrs. Hall," Karen
jumped in, a pert smile on her pretty face.  Then she nudged Rick, indicating
they should go.

      "That's sweet of her to be so concerned.  Rick, I think you must have
made too much out of nothing.  My headache is practically gone, really!"  She
wanted to dismiss the idea that she needed care, but there was obviously no
point in making excuses to the children.  She would find a way of declining
dinner with Valerie later.

      Linda poured out a cup of coffee for herself and, holding it like a prop
in front of her, she motioned with her other hand toward the front door.  "You
kids go on and have a good time... And stop worrying about me."  She hoped her
performance was convincing, that they couldn't see through her and know what
was really troubling her mind.

      "O.K., Mom," Rick said as he took Karen by the arm, leading her toward
the front door.  "Mrs. Boyd will be here in a couple of hours...  You've been
alone long enough today," he added sounding more like a parent than a son.

      "Nice seeing you again, Mrs. Hall," Karen said at the door, and she
hurried out in front of Rick.

      "See you, Mom."

      Linda waved and watched Rick close the door behind him, her mind once
again replaying the scene she had witnessed between him and Karen.  Yet, it
didn't trouble her nearly as much as what had followed, and she wondered if she
was making more out of it than she should.

      She had known from the first day she had met Valerie that the Boyd woman
was different in her attitudes than herself.  So seeing her in such a
compromising position last night really shouldn't have been that surprising,
but Linda didn't want to face the simple fact that it wasn't Valerie's
performance that bothered her.  It was what she herself, had done, staying
there in the woods and watching the lewd sex act until her own body had become
like that of a wanton whore.  It wasn't so much Valerie she found difficult to
face; it was herself.

      To make matters worse, from the moment she had awakened that morning, she
was unable to control a demanding itch -- a heated need for sexual release --
in her loins; and it was this failure of mind over body that had made her
depressed.  She had wanted to finger fuck and caress again, as she had done the
night before; and it had taken all of her willpower all day long to keep from
succumbing to the urge.  She almost believed that Valerie's presence that
evening would be a relief, and going out to dinner with her might actually be
good.

      Linda sat down and sipped her coffee, forcing herself to not look at her
watch.  The time was moving too slowly, had been all day, and checking the time
every few minutes didn't help.  She thought to make the day go faster by
thinking up excuses for declining Valerie's invitation out to dinner, but in
the back of her mind she actually was talking herself into going.  Maybe she
could even get into a serious discussion with Valerie, confide in her, and get
some of the answers she wanted to hear?  Valerie might tell her she had no
reason to be afraid of men, that men were not the brutes that she believed them
to be... and yet... thinking about the two men with Valerie, Linda knew they
had to be animals.  And she was not that kind of person, she was not the type
who would enjoy being raped by a drunken sailor, or take pleasure out of lewd
and indecent acts!  Or was she?

      Gulping down the remainder of her coffee, Linda looked at her watch
knowing she dared not sit and think another moment.  It was becoming a losing
battle, and she would simply have to put it out of her mind.  It was
four-thirty, which left her an hour and a half to get ready before Valerie was
due.  The way she felt, that really wasn't much time.

      Getting up, she went into the bedroom, wondering what to wear for the
evening.  She had no idea what kind of dress was required in a tourist area
like Big Sur, nor for that matter what kind of restaurant Valerie had in mind.
She decided she would simply have to wear the nicest thing she brought, a
cocktail dress, and if that was too dressy, then it would be easy to change
after Karen's mother arrived.

      She took the dress out of the closet and then began taking off her
clothes, stripping in a hurry.  When she nakedly walked into the bathroom and
reached into the shower stall to turn on the water, Linda caught a momentary
glimpse of her reflection in the mirror out of the corner of her eye.
Automatically, the young mother began wondering how her body might compare with
Valerie's; and, at that moment, her curiosity won out.  It shamed her to admit
it, but the voluptuous ripeness she saw reflected in the mirror made her feel
very proud, for she had a far better figure than Valerie.  Was that possible?
She studied the image before her.  Yes, it was true!  There was a sensual
softness to the rounding of her curves and her breasts were like two ripe
melons seen in the moonlight.  Her stomach was firm and her waist small. Her
buttocks jutted out in two firmly rounded identical moons and her stomach, seen
in the mirror, swooped down to her sparse blonde pubic hair which was wispy and
soft.

      Her thighs and legs were perfect, like the shapely legs of a thoroughbred
showgirl.  Naked, she was sexy and desirable, there was no question about it!
Her face?  And eyes?  She turned away from the mirror, damning herself for the
carnal thoughts that seemed to stream uncontrollably through her brain.  What
had gotten into her?

      Steam was rising from the shower stall, and she reached in, turning the
cold water faucet to adjust the temperature to a cooler level than she normally
set.  She had to do something about her thoughts, and a cold shower was one
possible solution.  But it didn't help, as the touch of the needle-like spray
against her naked body seemed like a thousand tiny fingers stimulating her
nerves.  And for the hundredth time that day, she thought about Valerie,
bending nakedly over the table, legs so wide apart, with that man, Ray, wetly
licking his long tongue around and up inside her pinkly quivering cunt.  Linda
wanted to touch herself and think about how Ray's tongue would feel against her
own moist pussy.

      "God!" she yelled out loud.  She made the water colder still and hurried
to wash herself, but despite the coolness of the water, she was perspiring when
she stepped out of the shower.

      She toweled herself vigorously, then ran into the bedroom to get dressed,
and while she pulled on her clothes and brushed her hair and put on a touch of
make-up, she gave serious thought to her earlier idea.  Maybe, if she had a
couple of drinks to loosen her up, perhaps she could find the courage to talk
to Valerie about her problem.  She would have to be careful not to give herself
away, but she thought there was a chance that the more experienced woman would
somehow be understanding.  And at the very least, Linda needed some excuse to
justify and retrench the feelings she'd kept for so many years.  A talk with
Valerie should reaffirm her own opinion of men; that they are nothing more than
brutes and animals, out to humiliate and debase women.  When the young mother
sat down in the living room twenty minutes later to await Valerie's arrival,
she didn't even consider the possibility that a talk could have the opposite
effect... and prove her long cherished opinions wrong... horribly wrong.


                                IncstLuv.txt 6/8

                               An Incestuous Love
                                   Chapter 6

      The knock startled Linda out of her day dreams, and she jumped up from
her chair to hurry to the door.  She hadn't noticed that it was dark outside,
and she felt like a fool when she opened the door to see Valerie Boyd standing
there in the dark.  She immediately switched on the light.

      "Goodness, I wasn't watching the time... Please come in," Linda said
sheepishly, completely forgetting about Valerie's wanton activities by the
firelight last night.

      "It does get dark early here... How are you, dear?" Valerie said in
response.  Her tone was friendly, almost too much so, and Linda saw that she
was smiling as she stepped into the room.

      "I'm fine, thank you," Linda answered, forgetting also that she was
supposed to have a headache.

      "The children didn't forget to tell you I was coming?  A night out can do
wonders for a headache..."  Valerie eyed her friend's outfit, aware that she
had taken some time to get ready. She was pleased that she wouldn't have to
sell Linda on going out with her, as it was obvious she was dressed to go.
"Your dress is just perfect for Harvey's place."

      "Well, I really didn't know what to wear, but the choice was easy.  This
is the only dressy outfit I brought," Linda smiled, assuming Harvey's Place was
a local Big Sur restaurant.  She purposely ignored the comment about her
headache as Valerie didn't seem to want or need an explanation anyway.  And
keeping the conversation on clothes was a means of preventing it coming up
again.  The other woman kept her coat on, but it was open in the front, enough
so that Linda could see the type of dress she was wearing.  It appeared to be
quite revealing and a bit too sexy for just going out to a restaurant, but
Linda figured that was simply the way Karen's mother always dressed at night.

      "I'll get my coat and we can go," Linda said, walking into the bedroom,
again reminded of how she had used her coat when watching Valerie and the two
men.  She made a mental note to be careful about everything she mentioned that
evening, as a slip of the tongue could give her away.  I'd just die if she knew
I had been watching her with those two naked men!

      Coat on, Linda returned to the living room and smiled at the mother of
her son's girlfriend.  "I sure do appreciate your invitation, Valerie...  It'll
be good to get out this evening."

      "It's something we should have done ages ago...  Strange that we have to
come all the way down here before getting together for an evening."  Of course,
she never would have considered taking Linda Hall to such a party if her
daughter hadn't suggested it.  Karen thought Linda needed loosening up, and if
that didn't happen at Harvey's place, nothing would ever help her.

      "All set," Linda announced as she turned off all but one light in the
living room.  Valerie had left her car down by the camp manager's office and
the two well-dressed young women walked together in silence, Linda pulling her
coat around her while Valerie let her wrap hang open.

      Once in the car, Valerie drove up to the coast highway and headed south.
About a mile later she turned left onto a narrow road that wound among dense
groves of redwood trees.  Along the way, Linda observed several private homes
surrounded by large parcels of property, and she couldn't help thinking how
nice it would be to own such places.  It was the privacy that each offered that
appealed to her most.  After they had been on the road for nearly ten minutes,
Valerie finally turned in past large stone stanchions, onto a private drive.
Linda wondered just where they were going, as from the entrance to the
property, she couldn't see any sign of a building or structure of any kind.

      "This is Harvey's place!" Valerie abruptly announced, gesturing ahead
with her hand.

      "My, it's certainly off the beaten path," Linda commented, and she was
thinking it had to be very special to get people to come such a distance.  "How
much property do they have here?" she questioned wanting to make small talk.

      "It's quite extensive... You should really see it in the daylight.  The
river runs right behind the place!" Valerie said, but she was laughing to
herself, sure that after that evening Rick's mother would only be interested in
other things.

      Linda stared ahead into the darkness beyond the headlights of the car,
and for several minutes she saw nothing.  But then, as if suddenly looming up
before her, there were lighted windows like iridescent squares among the trees.
In another moment, they were in an area where several other cars were parked.
Valerie pulled up and stopped next to an expensive foreign sports car.  Linda
immediately assumed that the restaurant had to be quite expensive too.

      "Well, I certainly am amazed.  I never would have found this place on my
own," Linda said as she got out of the car.

      "We are here by special invitation, Linda... And I think you'll find it
fun."  Karen's mother smiled and led the way to the front door of the large,
modernistic house.

      "Do you mean it's a private club?" she questioned, surprised by her
friend's statement.

      "Club?  You must be confused... This is a private home," Valerie
explained, even though she had known all along that Linda had been thinking
they were going to a restaurant.  "This is Harvey's place... His home!"

      It was too late to turn back.  Linda Hall felt her heart pounding as she
realized what Valerie was saying.  They were going into someone's private
residence, which could only mean it was also a party.

      Her eyes scanned over the building and grounds, taking in all she could
see in the darkness, and it was apparent that the place belonged to an
extremely wealthy man.  She had no idea of what to expect inside, but the fact
of being around the rich made her nervous.  She wasn't sure she would know how
to act in the midst of such wealth.  And worse, with Karen's mother present
there was always the chance of something bizarre and unusual happening.  But
she couldn't leave, at least not right then.

      Linda laughed artificially, "I thought this place was a restaurant!"  She
didn't want her friend to think her foolish and awkwardly shy, but she knew it
must be written all over her face.

      "You mean the kids didn't tell you it was a party?" Valerie said, though
she knew they hadn't.

      "No... I guess they forgot..."

      "Well, believe me, the food here is far superior to any restaurant in the
area," Valerie added, as if to imply that Linda's concern was for the quality
of the place.  Her comment embarrassed the young mother, and that was exactly
the effect she wanted.  She stepped up to the door and rang the bell before
anything else could be said.

      For Linda, it seemed to take forever for someone to come to the door; but
in fact, the door opened a few seconds later. Standing in the doorway was a
tall rather handsome man.  Linda was instantly reminded of the typical rich
playboy.  His hair was wavy and dark, his features sharply defined and evenly
tanned, but it was his eyes that caught her attention first.  They were like
black liquid pools, large and mysterious, and she felt he was able to look
right through her.

      "Ah, at last my special guests arrive," the man said, his voice deep
toned and masculine.  "Valerie, my dear, it's good to see you again."

      Linda tried to maintain her composure as the tall man warmly kissed
Karen's mother on the lips and then a second later turned to face her.  His
physical presence seemed to reach out and engulf her completely.

      "This is Linda Hall, the one I told you about," Valerie said, and then to
Linda, "Your host."

      "Thank you for inviting us, Mr...." She wondered about his last name.

      "Harvey!  But please call me Tom," he answered taking her hand in his.

      Linda was confused, and it showed.  Was his name Tom or Harvey? she
wondered.  The explanation came before she could ask.

      "Everyone calls this shack Harvey's place...  My name is Tom Harvey," he
said, a broad smile spreading across his face.

      "I see," Linda said in a soft voice.  She wasn't sure what to make of the
man standing before her, but his smile was so pleasant and reassuring that her
nervousness went away.  When he turned his attention back to Valerie, Linda
couldn't help looking him over. He was wearing a colorful, loose fitting shirt
and dark slacks, a casual outfit that somehow looked very, very expensive on
him. She guessed him to be about forty, as there was a hint of grey in his
sideburns.

      "Everyone seems to have gathered in the game room," Tom said, his wink to
Valerie going unseen by Rick's mother.  "Please follow me, ladies," he added,
and he offered an arm to both of them.

      Linda couldn't help being impressed by his suave manner, and she put her
arm in his, anxious to see more of the large house. Every room was wood
paneled, some in different shades than others, and the ceiling seemed to vault
into the sky, standing at the top of round wood pillars.  He led them through
the two-storied living room, and to one side was a wide stairway that led
below.  It was then that Linda realized the living room stood at least one
story above the back of the house, and as she walked down the stairs, she saw
before her a long room that appeared crowded with people. It was lit only by
candles, so it was hard to tell just how many people there were, but the room
was obviously built for just such a gathering.  To one side were floor to
ceiling windows, and outside was a balcony running the length of the room.
There were spotlights mounted somewhere on the house that pointed out to large
redwoods and the river.  It made an impressive picture, like a setting that
Linda had seen before only in movies.  Scattered about the dark wood paneled
room were couches and overstuffed chairs, and here and there were large pillows
thrown down on the carpeted floor.  Some of the people were standing, others
sitting, and some were even lounging on the pillows.  It could have appeared a
typical party, but Linda became nervous again as she realized the people were
all talking quietly, almost in a whisper. Ordinarily she would have expected
such a crowd to be boisterous.

      Tom led them across the long room, some of the people greeting Valerie as
they walked, but Linda paid little attention to them as she was more concerned
about the way Tom held her arm. It almost seemed as if he was being intimate,
though he was only touching her arm.  She tried to put it out of her mind,
believing it to be her imagination, and forced herself to study the layout more
closely.  Halfway in the room, on the wall opposite the windows, was a large
natural stone fireplace, a fire blazing brightly to add to the effect of the
candles.  Though the room was large, Linda realized it felt intimate simply
because of the artistic lighting; and she found this discovery to be
interesting. Moments later, she found herself standing in front of a bar.

      "This is an important part of this room," Tom said, and Linda realized he
had been talking the whole time they walked through the house.  He had been
pointing things out, but she had been too engrossed in looking to really hear.
Tom went on, pointing to a buffet covered with exotic looking food.  "Over
there the tidbits and morsels of palatable pleasure, and here," he added
motioning to the white jacketed man behind the bar, "Here you may quench your
thirst."

      "You have a beautiful home," Linda said nodding to her host. She was
flattered by the extravagant manner of Tom Harvey to someone he had just met.
She was after all, only a secretary, and he obviously was more monetarily
powerful than her boss, Karl Williams.

      "You are too kind...  What may I order for you, Linda?"

      His eyes again seemed to penetrate right through her, yet in a way that
was complimentary, and the young mother felt herself blushing as though
embarrassed by praise.  She couldn't think of how to answer him.  "Whatever you
suggest will be fine," she said shyly.

      Tom smiled and motioned to the man behind the bar.  "Jason here makes a
special drink that I am quite fond of... He keeps the ingredients a secret, but
it does contain Pernod.  You know, cloudy and nice!"  He held up two fingers to
Jason.  "Your special, Jason."

      "Linda, dear?" It was a female voice -- familiar.

      She had almost forgotten about Valerie, and she wondered how long the
other woman had been calling her name.  She turned to see Valerie approaching
with two men on either side of her.  Linda didn't recognize them until they
were a few feet away, and then she thought she might faint.  It's them!  The
men with Valerie last night.  Oh my God!

      "I want you to meet a couple of old friends," Valerie went on quite
casually.  "This is Ray, and this is Don... Linda Hall, boys!"

      Linda felt dizzy as she nodded to each, hoping she appeared unshaken, but
she was sure her face reddened as each man eyed her openly.  God, she had seen
them naked and fucking Valerie less than twenty four hours earlier!

      "How do you do?"

      "Pleasure."

      "Honored."

      "I'm showing Linda the view," Tom interjected before anymore could be
said by either man.  "Jason, fix Valerie one of your specials," he added as he
picked up two tall glasses from the bar.

      Linda was glad of the chance to avoid further conversation with the two
men and Valerie, at least until she regained her composure, and she happily
took the offered drink from Tom and put her arm on his to walk to the porch.
She felt as if she were escaping from some terrible crime, and she took a sip
of her drink to still her pounding heart.  It wasn't until she was standing
outside on the porch with Tom that she felt she could again speak normally, and
she felt grateful to him for having saved her from possible embarrassment.

      "Thank you for this," she said holding up her drink, "It's really quite
good.  I don't usually drink, but this is mild and pleasant tasting..."

      Tom had guided her to the railing at the edge of the balcony. He clicked
his glass against hers and took a large sip of his drink, "There's plenty more
where this came from, and you can be sure it won't hurt you..." he said
watching her gulp down nearly half her drink.

      Linda felt warm and more relaxed with each swallow of the potent mixture,
and it did seem to help her get over the embarrassment of meeting Ray and Don.
She stared out at the lighted trees and grounds below, listening to the sounds
of the river nearby, a sound that lulled her senses, pleasantly.  It was such a
cool night, and yet here on Tom Harvey's porch she felt warm.

      "Are you sure this drink is mild?" she found herself questioning, as the
first zephyrs of lightheadedness rippled through her brain.

      Tom laughed as if she had made some joke.

      "Take off your coat... It's not the drink, it's radiant heat out here,"
he said tapping his shoe on the floor of the balcony. "Tiles under the floor."

      "Oh my gosh," Linda giggled feeling silly.  She set her drink down on the
railing and slipped out of her coat with Tom's help, and she still felt warm
and comfortable.  "That's amazing!" she added, picking up her drink again and
taking another large gulp. "You have a remarkable home, Mr. Harvey."

      They talked, Tom mostly, about humorously unimportant things that made
Linda laugh a lot.  She drank too, and each time her glass was nearly empty,
Jason seemed to be standing by with a fresh one.  She lost count after the
third drink, but by then she no longer cared.  The liquor, or whatever, did
have an effect on her, but it came gradually, barely recognizable for what it
was. She felt warmer and more aware of her own physical presence, and
everything seemed all right, including the slightly off-color jokes that Tom
told her.  She laughed openly, surprised that she felt no embarrassment or
shame, but instead, she felt a pleasant tingling in the pit of her belly,
especially when he looked at her in his special way.

      When they walked back inside the large room, it was darker... the only
light now coming from the fireplace.  Gliding, not walking, they moved to one
side where she saw Valerie stretched out on a large pillow, smiling up at her.
Linda returned the smile as she, too, made herself comfortable on one of the
large pillows next to Karen's mother.  Again Linda had a drink in her hand, and
Tom was beside her, not threateningly, just there. Music was playing from
somewhere, everywhere, while the room danced with the flickering light of the
fire, and her young very aware body seemed to pulsate with it, the tempo
increasing toward an infinite point.

      "Wow!" Linda heard herself say, and she laughed as Tom nodded in
response.  She sipped more of the insidious drink, her mouth feeling dry, and
she looked over to where Valerie was lying back on the large pillow, noting
without surprise that Karen's mother's dress had slipped far up her firmly
smooth thighs.  Almost casually Linda saw that she was wearing no panties;
oddly enough, it seemed funny and nice at the same time.  Then Ray came over
and said something about a movie to Tom, and everyone was smiling and nodding
in anticipation.  Ray was gone and back again, this time settling down
comfortably on the same big pillow with Valerie. Linda turned, looking away to
discover that somehow a large motion picture screen had descended just before
them.  Other people in the room were settling down, becoming even quieter than
before, and Rick's innocent young mother drank more of the cool liquid in her
glass, feeling as though she could never get enough.

      Vaguely, she was aware of Tom's hand around her shoulders. It seemed
innocent enough, a reminder that they were sharing some special secret, and she
relaxed against his arm, convinced that she couldn't be hurt.  Her senses were
fine-tuned, alert and ripe for any sign of warmth and comfort, and the large
pillow under her body seemed to press up into her loins, making contact with
the softly parted lips of her tingling vagina through her sheer panties.

      Linda turned her head toward Tom, and his face was close, very close,
moving like a descending sphere as his eager warm lips met her.  She wanted him
to kiss her, to press his mouth and tongue into her to draw out the raging heat
that poured through her fiery body.  It lingered, held to a boiling pitch of
passion that made her mind blank out what she knew was a very real danger. His
wetly quivering tongue flicked into her open mouth, touching the roof of her
mouth like a hot poker, and she began sucking on it hungrily, feeling a warm
inviting promise of fulfillment that she had never felt in a kiss before that
moment.  It was good, too good, and she searched through the alcoholic haze in
her mind to find reason for it all being wrong.  But when the kiss ended, she
felt only disappointment.  He had kissed her, and she had let him. It was
kindness, a secret understanding formed in the privacy of a room full of
people.

      Tom raised his hand as if signaling someone in the distant darkness, and
almost immediately Jason was there with fresh drinks.  Tom took a sip, as did
she, and he was talking to her, telling her about a film they were about to
see, but that was unimportant compared with the depth of his eyes.  How could
she have ever been afraid of men?

      There was a sudden tenseness in the room, as if everyone was waiting
anxiously for an event, and she, too, became excited... but for what reason,
she couldn't guess.  Then she saw a pin-point of light across the room, and she
followed the beam with her eyes to discover that the screen in front of her was
brightly lit.  The music that had been playing faded out, and on the screen a
close shot of a beautiful young girl appeared.  She was asleep in a bed, her
long, black hair framing an attractive face against a pure white pillow.  She
was dreaming, as she squirmed slightly, and a low moaning sound came from her
pert lips.  There was the faintest hint of tiny beads of perspiration on the
girl's forehead, and her eyes blinked rapidly as if she was half-asleep,
half-awake.

      The camera pulled back slowly to reveal a feminine bedroom, and it was
apparent that the girl was sleeping with only a sheet covering her ripe young
body.  There were distinct impressions in the sheet outlining the firm little
breasts, narrow waist and sexily curving hips.  Almost imperceptibly, the girl
began to move her body, as if she were trying to feel the faintest weight of
the sheet where it pressed against her.  The camera continued pulling back
until a chair beyond the bed came into view, and on it was a sleeping German
Shepherd dog; the animal too seemed to be dreaming.

      The view angle changed to the foot of the bed and closed in on the girl.
Her mouth was partly open, and her pink tongue flicked out and in, moistening
her lips until they glistened.  She was breathing faster and faster, her chest
rising and falling as her hand moved under the sheet, the impression clearly
showing that she was reaching for her breasts.  For a moment, her hand lingered
there fondling the twin mounds with obvious pleasure, and then, the heat of her
body apparently stifling, she grasped the edge of the sheet, slowly pulling it
down to expose her nakedly firm breasts.

      Her softly fleshed little breasts were starkly white against the
sun-bronzed color of her tanned skin; the nipples dark and the aureoles a
brownish gold.  Her hand moved immediately back over the nipples, rolling them
into a pointed hardness.  Her hips continued their grinding motion, the rhythm
becoming more intense as she became more aroused.  She pushed the sheet down
further, first exposing her smoothly flattened belly, and then almost
frantically, she kicked the sheet clear of her body.  She lay with her legs
apart, completely naked, and her legs scissored out wider to expose to the
camera the entire length of her moistly glistening cunt and the gleaming little
clitoris nestled at the top of the hair-lined slit.

      Her hand left her breasts then, circling down over her stomach, down over
the silky pubic hair, down between her firm young thighs so that the tips of
her fingers revolved over her rigidly pulsating clitoris.

      Linda held her breath, trying to quiet it as she watched the scene before
her.  She had never in her life seen such an obscene film, and she was grateful
for the near total darkness of the room.  The image was penetrating her
intoxicated haze, reminding her of her own wakeful dreams, and she found that
she sympathized with the girl on the screen.  It was as though that young girl
was begging for a release she couldn't have, and Linda too felt the tingling
sensation so familiar to her.  It seemed to start in her belly and slowly move
down to the space between her legs until it reached her hardened clitoris.  It
was all she could do to keep from touching herself there, and she wiggled her
buttocks back into the soft pillow, feeling the material of her dress and
panties press up between her moistly parted thighs.  She was hardly aware of
Tom's hand as it moved over to her breast, and she made no move to stop him as
she felt the tiny bud-like nipple harden under the lacy material of her
brassiere.  She would have to stop him, but it could wait until the delicious
tingling between her legs subsided.  Keeping her eyes glued to the screen, she
took another sip of the pleasant tasting drink she held.

      The girl in the movie twisted her naked young buttocks against the
mattress as though she was trying to bury herself in it, and her fingers played
teasingly at the narrow slit of her wetly quivering cunt.  As if being attacked
by some unseen lover, sheer wanton desire took hold of her, and her hands began
fluttering over her body as though they were out of control... until they both
came to rest at the "V" of her softly rounded thighs.  She groaned with the
contact of her hands against her obviously aroused pussy, and she pulled her
knees up, jackknifing them back and spreading her legs even wider apart until
the camera was zeroed in on the moistly glistening furrow between.  Her
fingertips crawled to the pink hair-covered lips and spread them slowly apart
until the wetly quivering layers of cuntal flesh were fully visible, and the
mouth-like orifice had opened hungrily. The half-moons of her rounded buttocks
shone clearly, divided by the hot, avid crevice between them.  Her tiny anus
nestled mysterious and inviting below the swollen and agitated lips.  The girl
extended her long middle finger and, sliding it downward, she inserted it into
the pinkly glistening valley, stroking the bud-like clitoris at the same time.

      Her sensuous movements on the bed increased as her probing fingers worked
themselves inside the blushing edges of her trembling young cunt, slowly
widening the lips.  She wormed her outstretched middle finger in and out
smoothly between the lubricated opening as she drew her legs back up to her
breasts, and her softly rounded buttocks rose and fell in response to the
searching finger.  The girl's facial muscles tightened as she joined still
another finger with the first.  Clenching her teeth, she pushed both of them
into the tightly clasping pink folds. They disappeared with a soft sucking
noise, and the girl purred with pleasure.

      For a brief moment a suddenly sober Linda considered leaving -- running
away -- as she remembered what had happened to her traitorous body simply by
watching Valerie and the two men the previous evening, but that thought quickly
faded as she took another sip of her drink.  The liquid seemed to calm her
mind, while her awakened young body was alive with sensations coursing through
her flesh in licking flames of desire.  Tom had pulled her so close against him
now that she could hardly move.  When he suddenly moved his hand to the top of
her dress and boldly pushed under it and her brassiere to cup her naked breast,
she didn't even want to move!  Small pin-pricks of delicious feeling danced
over her nerves to her nipples as he maddeningly rolled the hard little bud of
one breast tip between thumb and forefinger.  Her emotions ran away, and what
fear she might have felt earlier was simply overpowered by an ever increasing
flood of passion.  She hazily snuggled back against Tom's strong arm while her
eyes remained fixed on the erotic movie.

      The girl in the film was possessed with a nakedly implacable lust as she
writhed beneath her own driving fingers in uncontrollable passion.  The
steadily increasing rhythm drew loud grunts of pleasure from deep in her throat
as her fingers sank into the tightly clasping cuntal opening, making sucking
noises as she withdrew them again.  Her face was contorted with an animal lust
as she strained furiously to reach a climax, her young mouth open and groaning
in obvious frustration.  She rolled her head from side to side, her hair flying
like a thousand soft whips onto the pillow, and it was apparent she was
becoming desperate for any kind of release.

      She pumped harder and faster, her fingers sliding in and out of her
wide-spread pussy almost too fast to see as she tightly clenched and unclenched
her buttocks as she strained up against her probing hands.  Her grunts became
louder with each passing second, until her actions and voice seemed to blend
into one mighty cry of passion.

      Then, impossibly, the girl froze, and the camera zoomed back to reveal
the huge German Shepherd leaping onto the bed.  The girl's eyes widened in
terror as the dog stood menacingly between her outstretched legs, growling in
warning.  She started to move, to roll off the bed, but the dog's loud bark
made her freeze once again.  She remained immobilized with her fingers in her
aroused young cunt and thighs spread and knees drawn up to her chest.  She
didn't dare move as the big canine hovered over her naked body, his great
panting head hardly inches above her defenselessly upturned loins.

      Linda was stunned by the sight of the dog on the bed, and she gripped
Tom's arm, her nerves tingling with fright.  She was totally engrossed by the
actions on the screen, even to the point of identifying with the girl.

      "My God!" she gasped, her voice low and quaking.  "What's going to
happen?  The dog is so..."  Her words trailed off as she felt a shudder run
through her aroused body.

      "She knows well what the dog wants, and I think she would like it, too,"
Tom answered, his mouth close to Linda's ear.

      The helplessness of the girl in the film made Linda feel vulnerable also,
and she held tightly to Tom's arm for security. She was a bundle of erotically
tingling nerves, fascinated by the thought of the dog raping the girl.  She
wanted to be repulsed and shocked, but curiosity and excitement dominated her
mind.  The evil fascination of seeing the impending ravishment gripped her
body, and her tension made her spine stiffen.  She gulped down several large
mouthfuls of her drink, which helped her to relax once more.  Tom's hand on her
naked breast felt good, a feeling that she didn't want to deny herself for the
first time since she could remember.  His fingers tweaking her nipple made tiny
jolts of heated arousal jump along her nerve ends, and she squirmed her
buttocks down harder against the pillow, forcing it to press deeper into her
wet crevice.  Her panties were soaked from her excitement, and she squeezed her
thighs together to hold down the overpowering sensation beginning to grow
there.  She was on dangerous ground in an unfamiliar situation, but she could
not bring herself to deny the hotly demanding throbbing of her cunt. The
smoothness of the pillow excited the overly sensitive pink lips of her vagina,
and she felt tiny shocks pulsing in the bud of her clitoris.  She bit into her
lower lip to hold back the forbidden sensations that were heatedly pulsating up
between her legs with greater urgency, as her attention was concentrated on the
film.

      The huge German Shepherd lowered his head to the helpless girl's tender,
hair-covered loins, and he began sniffing at its perfumed moistness.  It was as
though he had found a bitch in heat!  The girl showed mixed emotions as the
cold nose made contact with her puckered little anus, and then she tensed as
his long red tongue snaked out, licking wetly up and down the crevice around
it, the tip burrowing partly into the crinkled anal ring.

      She tried to squirm away, wiggling her naked young body to move up the
bed, but the dog raised his head and growled again before greedily resuming his
lapping of the narrow pink pussy slit between the frightened girl's thighs.  He
ran his tongue wetly the full length of it, from the tightly closed anus up
over the fluted pink edges of her moistly quivering cunt to the rigid little
clitoris atop her pubic mound.  His sharp tongue spread through the soft,
hair-covered swelling like a sword slicing through bread dough.  It flicked
relentlessly up between the girl's wide-spread legs, stopping once to curl its
wet way deep into her wantonly writhing young cunt.

      Linda wasn't sure if she should look at the film any longer, or turn away
to help quiet the growing flames of passion in her own belly.  She was excited
by the gradual change coming over the abandonedly writhing young girl in the
film whose frightened moans had changed to soft mewls of involuntary pleasure.
Then Linda heard different groans right alongside her, and she tore her eyes
from the film long enough to glance in the direction it came from. She was
stunned, though not so much by what was happening, but because it was so
blatantly open.

      Valerie Boyd had both her long tapered legs spread wide, her dress up
around her hips, and Ray's hand was moving rapidly as his long fingers sawed in
and out of her naked vagina.  Valerie, completely unconcerned with the people
around her, was grinding her pelvis and buttocks off the large pillow in rhythm
to the fingers fucking into her.  Both she and Ray had their hot passion-glazed
eyes locked on the lascivious film projected on the screen.  Linda turned away,
only now aware for the first time of the other couples in the surrounding
darkness; though indistinct, it was apparent that they were all in lewd
embraces by their writhing motion.  The obscene film was affecting everyone,
and a warning bell sounded in her brain as she realized that she, too was about
to succumb to the lewd urges heatedly pulsating through her body.  But then a
sound pulled her spinning mind back to the film, away from all logical thought.

      Groaning like a wild animal, the girl reached out for the big dog's head
and, kicking her legs back, she pulled his nose forward, down into her
well-lubricated cuntal lips.  The German Shepherd's giant tongue thrust up the
moist passageway like an attacking snake, ravishing her upthrust loins without
mercy. Wild, incoherent shrieks streamed from her lips, pleading and
encouraging the dumb brute salivating between her wantonly writhing, fully
rounded buttocks.  He worked at her savagely, and the girl completely
surrendered to the animal's relentless licking.

      The dog lifted his head from the moaning girl's loins to nose her over
onto her stomach.  Her resistance was gone under the maddening tongue which had
so mercilessly lapped at her moistly glistening pussy.  She was enslaved by the
huge beast panting over her, and she rolled over until her quivering young body
was face down and spread-eagled on the bed.  The dog lowered his head again,
his sharp tongue slithering in the shadowy crevice between the half-moon cheeks
of her wildly trembling buttocks.  She twisted back toward him, reaching with
her hands to spread the ivory globes and give full access to her tiny brown
anus.  The tongue lashed her for another long, avid moment, causing her to
groan with an excitement that seemed to transcend the movie.

      Rick's young mother felt the aching hunger inside spreading from her
abdomen all the way up to her passion-swollen breasts. Tom Harvey's hand
against her naked tits both thrilled and frightened her, and she labored,
gasping for breath.  She squirmed harder against the pillow now shaped into her
burning loins as its hard ridge pressed sensuously into the moistly heated lips
of her vagina.  She knew that she had to stop his caresses, to take his hand
from beneath her dress, but she didn't have the strength to stop him.  Her own
hand would not obey her mind's commands: it lay limp and useless as she
attempted to focus her eyes back to the screen.

      The German Shepherd was now pushing his massive head between the girl's
pelvis and the mattress, and his head lifted, raising the girl's softly fleshed
white buttocks into the air.  What he wanted was obvious, and the girl
obediently knelt, elevating her wide-spread buttocks, bending before the huge
animal in abject surrender.  The relentless tongue had lashed her to servile
defeat, crushed her resistance with its vigorous and non-stop attack on her
sensitive parts for interminable minutes.

      She was on all fours as the dog mounted the spread globes of her
buttocks, his forelegs on her back.  The wetly glistening, scarlet penis
slipped from its huge furry sheath, dripping.  The smoothly tapered point
slipped and danced in the hot, wet crevice as the animal lurched and jerked,
trying to bury his penis's tapered tip and the thick shaft into her body.

      The camera moved in closer as the young girl sobbed and looked back,
shifting her gently rounded buttocks in an effort to capture the lengthening
shaft.  She was like a bitch in heat as she strove to grasp the long, dripping
penis in her fiery little cunt.  The sharp tip missed and slid up to find the
momentarily relaxed anus, which it attempted to enter.  With a loud moan, the
girl tensed and evaded the hot slippery prod in fright, but the dog
determinedly returned to the attack.  He thrust blindly, the thin point sliding
unsuccessfully beneath, along the moistly softened hair covered cuntal crevice
to rub against her clitoris. The heated redness of his wildly jabbing penis
contrasted with the fevered pink of the girl's passion-inflamed cunt, spreading
the lips wider as his still unhoused shaft rubbed between them.  The dog
growled out of frustration, and the girl reached back, trying to guide him to
the heatedly impatient opening of her pussy.  She grasped the slippery penis,
placing the point of it against her pinkly glistening slit, and the dog thrust
wildly, spreading it wider and wider apart.

      Suddenly his cock was in!  The German Shepherd jerked forward rapidly to
bury his huge penis deep up inside the deliriously squirming young girl's cunt.
His scarlet shaft slithered forward with a wet rush until it was sunk to the
hilt, his hairy balls swinging below her moist pubic hair.  The girl cried a
sigh of relief as she began to move rhythmically backwards to meet the urgent
thrusts of the panting dog.  As the forelegs trapped her narrow waist, she
began to undulate her body, moving her buttocks in lewd circles, and abandoning
herself to the delicious animal fucking she was receiving from behind.  The
girl twisted her head to look back toward the camera, and it was clear what
effect the fucking was having on her.  Her face was contorted in rapture from
the screwing the dog was giving her, and her large, taut breasts danced tightly
beneath her writhing torso, moving in time to the skewering cock of the dog.
It slid deep into her from behind, a relentless hot poker of glistening flesh,
burying itself into her belly.

      Abruptly, Linda could feel the intolerable warmth of the room, the heat
of the other couples compounding her own excitement, as beads of sweat formed
on her forehead.  She was terribly frustrated, her entire body containing a
raging fire that needed extinguishing.  She bit down on her lip in an attempt
to keep back a vocal groan of frustration, but Tom's hand worked with increased
intensity over the hardened tip of her breast.

      She needed more of her drink, that would help her forget what she so
desperately wanted to do.  Valerie was squirming under the finger fucking Ray
was giving her, so why not she?  She could feel the heated wetness between her
own thighs increasing, and she was sure Tom could feel the pounding of her
heart through her breast. But her mind wouldn't permit decision or, for that
matter, understanding of her needs.

      In the movie that seemed so real, the girl's body was swaying obscenely
as she knelt before the German Shepherd.  She had gone completely out of her
mind, shouting lewd encouragement through clenched teeth to the dumb beast.
She was begging him to fuck her harder and faster, grinding her buttocks back
as she pleaded for his hot animal sperm in her clasping little cunt.  She was
no longer human, but a quivering mass of sweating, lust-deranged flesh that
begged to be fucked.  She was reveling in humiliation by being used as a bitch
by the big panting dog, and she ground her buttocks back against the hairy body
like another animal. Tiny rivulets of moisture were building in the crevice of
the girl's wildly rotating buttocks, and the camera moved in even closer to
show the glistening drops running slowly down the girl's sleek inner thighs.

      Linda realized that Tom was becoming more restless, and she was sure that
he noticed her wiggling her buttocks into the pillow beneath her.  It was next
to impossible to hide the frustration she felt, as her belly was like a raging
and uncontrolled fire that burned with terrible insistence.  His hand was
kneading her breast more vigorously, and her nipples throbbed with guilty
pleasure.  She remembered Valerie, so close that Karen's mother might easily
observe what Tom was doing with his hand, and for the first time in her memory,
she didn't want her friend to think her a prude.  Yet, knowing that she was
being watched could destroy the feelings in her body, and she glanced back to
be sure Valerie was busy with her own needs.  The sight that filled her vision
was far more erotic than anything Linda had seen on the motion picture screen.

      Valerie's head was bobbing up and down over Ray's loins, her lips clasped
tightly in a wet oval around his long hard penis which stood up rigidly
throbbing through the open zipper of his fly.  His fingers were digging
furiously in and out of her wetly clasping vagina, and Linda was again reminded
of the scene she'd witnessed in the forest the previous night... only now she
was close enough to reach out her hands and touch them!

      Linda was stunned, turning her head around quickly to avoid staring at
the lewdly exciting oral coupling.  It was something she hadn't expected, at
least not right there in front of everyone else.  What was to prevent everyone
at the party from watching them?  But then, they were all watching a film that
seemed all too real, Linda remembered.  And the sounds coming from next to her
were like those in the film, wet sucking noises punctuated intermittently by
small mewls and groans of totally depraved pleasure.  She could hear other
sounds coming now from around the room too, as other couples, overcome by the
ravishment of the young girl in the movie, locked themselves together in
various forms of sexual connection.  Linda burrowed her head into Tom's
shoulder in hopes that it would keep the sounds away, but it was useless.  The
images and sounds of sexual stimulation were everywhere, and she was nearly
beyond the point of resisting it herself.

      Tom had moved even closer to her when she had moved her head against his
shoulder, and she tensed as she felt his free hand working its way under
buttocks.  He was pressing toward her feverishly quivering vagina, there was
little doubt about that, and she could feel the warm wetness of her own damp
excitement on the soft cheeks of her buttocks as she pressed down harder
against the protective pillow.  As his fingers worked more insistently beneath
her dress, her thought of pleasure and satisfaction rationalized away the
danger.  He couldn't, without forcing her, get beneath her dress, but the
tingling excitement in her heatedly aroused young body tempted her to relax her
tightly clenched thighs.  His hand was pushing at the hem of her dress, pulling
the material up from beneath, and she didn't want to say anything to stop him,
excusing herself by believing she would be heard by everyone in the room.  She
moved her hand down to grab his wrist, but she could barely close her fingers
around it, not to consider stopping him.  She kept her eyes on the movie, and
she reasoned that her hand's presence on his wrist was enough to soothe her
conscience.  And slowly, inch by inch, his hand worked her dress up, moving
toward the wet crotch band of her panties.  There was nothing she could do
without creating a scene, she reasoned, so Linda resigned herself, almost with
relief, to Tom's relentless probing of her secret most part.

      Linda squirmed as his middle finger began a gentle stroking motion,
pushing the folds of her dress moistly into her hungrily throbbing crevice from
beneath.  A gush of shame washed through her as the sudden waves of indecent
pleasure overcame her desire to resist.  His hand under her buttocks became
bolder as it sensed her tacit surrender to its probings, while his other hand
was moving faster, his fingernail gently scratching her inner thigh, in a
silent, urgent request to raise up slightly.  She did, and without warning, her
dress was lifted away from her buttocks, although it was not apparent from
above.  She gasped out loud as she realized there was no more dress between his
hand and her buttocks.  Now, Tom's hand boldly covered all of the wet band of
her little white panties, snaking under the elastic leg band, and worming into
the moist walls of her soft pussy.

      My God!  I'm not only letting him do it... I'm enjoying it! She wiggled
against his probing finger, holding her breath for fear some tell-tale sound
might escape her lips.  Her whole torso silently quivered until her impaled
young vagina became accustomed to the invading finger probing at the lubricated
softness of its tender walls.  She knew she was shamelessly aroused, more than
she had been the night before... more than at anytime in her life. She could
feel her warm moisture covering the open palm of his hand beneath her buttocks
as his outstretched finger wetly slid in and out of her heatedly quivering
loins.  His finger moved in maddening circles inside her, expanding the tight
little cuntal opening with each teasing rotation.  The love-starved young
mother was almost out of her mind with lust.  She didn't think she could stand
his caressing of her genitals another moment, and she was ready to crawl up the
walls in order to quench the fire raging inside her contracting cunt.  The
sight of the girl in the movie being buffeted into the bed by the German
Shepherd dog, combined with Tom Harvey's thick finger fucking without mercy
into her own hopelessly aroused cunt, were just too much.

      The girl in the movie was twisting her head from side to side, her long
hair churning on the mattress, when she suddenly stiffened and let out a low,
throaty scream.  She was in the beginning throes of an orgasm, and she screwed
her buttocks greedily back against the dog like a wanton bitch.  The giant
animal's tongue hung out as he frantically fucked into the waving buttocks from
behind; and saliva dripped from his open mouth onto the sweat on her back.  She
screamed again and rammed back against the dog just as he jerked forward, and
his cock began spitting his heated animal sperm in great bursts deep in her
wetly clasping, contracting pussy.  The girl's rounded little buttocks began to
clench and unclench, signaling her own orgasm deep in her quivering belly.
Thick white liquid oozed from her tight cunt which was squeezing the wildly
ejaculating cock of the dog, and thin trails of the sticky white fluid ran down
the ivory columns of her thighs.  Her softly fleshed buttocks glistened in the
finely focused image on the screen, displaying cum-matted pubic hairs and pink
flesh as she pitched forward on her face, seemingly unconscious.

      The rapidly deflating cock of the dog slipped from her mauled passageway
with a sucking noise that echoed from the sound track. The girl was spread out
on the bed, and the dog stood wagging his tail in obvious appreciation.  In a
final act of total depravity as the film image began fading out, the German
Shepherd dropped his head to her wide-spread loins and licked at the white
sticky liquid as it dripped from her still pulsating young cunt.  Then as the
screen image faded, the dog contentedly lay down between her open legs, his
long nose nuzzled gently into the soft "V" of her ravished pelvis.  There were
numbers and the screen went white for a moment.

      Someone turned the projector off and started the music again, but Linda
was hardly aware that it was finished.  Her body had become a slave of Tom's
pleasure-giving long finger fucking into her hotly quivering vagina, and the
image of the girl's frantic climax still lingered in her mind.  It had
completely overwhelmed her as she, too, was wildly hungry for lust.  She
ignored the fact that Tom was shifting down beside her, his hand releasing her
passion-swollen breast.  Instead, she thought about her friend Valerie, and she
looked back again, her senses dulled to any shock.

      Valerie was on her knees and lifting her dress up over her nakedly
voluptuous hips, and Linda casually wondered just what her girlfriend was
doing.  Ray was lying flat on his back as Valerie straddled him, her knees
placed on either side of his hips, and Linda saw his thick, eagerly throbbing
penis standing straight up in the air.  Valerie hovered over him, the full
white roundness of her buttocks poised directly over his long hard cock, and
she reached beneath her buttocks to tightly grasp his massive hardness and
guide him into her.

      Linda trembled as she saw the bulbous purple head make contact with the
moistly open flanges of the glistening cunt. Valerie moved the lust-swollen
cock tip back and forth in her hair-lined slit several times, parting the wetly
quivering pussy lips until the shaft was positioned against the gaping opening
to her womb.  Then, with a loud groan, Valerie ground her fleshy white buttocks
down hard on the rigidly thick penis.

      Aroused by the sensual sight, Linda's eyes were wide as she watched Ray's
long, blood-filled cock slide slowly up into the moistly clasping lips of her
girl friend's cunt; and she heard the wet sluicing noise it made as it entered.
Valerie rode down on the massively throbbing rod, taking it inside her belly
until all Linda could see was the thick base of his cock protruding from the
tight little cunt lips surrounding it.

      Linda reminded herself that this was real, not the film she'd been
watching, and they were but a few feet away.  It was even clearer than when she
had seen Valerie and Ray and Don the night before.  Now her girlfriend began a
slow grinding up and down, her buttocks rising in the air above Ray until just
the tip of his rock-hard cock was caught inside the warmly enclosing sheath of
her pussy.  Then, groaning loudly each time she made the movement, she dropped
heavily back down on him, impaling herself completely with each long stroke.

      Again Linda felt the strangely faint quivering between her thighs, just
as she had become excited the previous night, only this time things were vastly
different.  Now she, too, was with a man, and instead of experiencing revulsion
and fear, she was finding that she couldn't deny herself the fulfillment she so
desperately needed.

      She looked away from Valerie and Ray, shifting her gaze back to Tom, and
she was glad that he had moved down along her trembling body, his hands pulling
at her flimsy little white nylon panties.  She closed her eyes, looking within
herself for the reasons to resist her overwhelmingly powerful urges, but all
she could do was to listen in on the soft moans and wet sucking noises of
intercourse going on all over the darkened room.  And the sounds served to
magnify the obscene images that filled her mind.

      Moving as though guided by an outside force, Linda raised her gently
trembling young buttocks from the pillow as Tom pulled her panties down over
her long legs.  A moment later, her panties were gone.  He pushed her legs
back, jack-knifing them so that the naked plain of her vagina was completely
open to his gaze.  She didn't make any move to stop him as he bunched her dress
up around her waist, out of the way, but she somehow felt less of her nakedness
because of it.  She knew that she was open and clearly visible to many of the
others in the room, but she also knew that they were far too busy to pay any
attention to her and Tom.  And at that moment she didn't think she'd care who
was watching her anyway.

      Her body was like a prison to a violent stream of emotions, and all that
mattered was to have them all released, to burst out of her in the ultimate
pleasure.  Feeling the wet warmth of soft lips making contact with her lower
belly, Linda opened her eyes to see the top of Tom's head as his tongue was
slowly teasing down over her pubic mound.  Immediately she was reminded of
Ray's licking of Valerie's cunt, and in spite of the upheaval in her belly, she
thought she should stop Tom from going any further.

      "Nooooo!" she half moaned, half whispered.  She didn't want anyone but
Tom to hear her plea for mercy, so there was no insistence or volume in her
voice, and he appeared not to hear her.  She tried to clench her wildly
trembling thighs together, expecting that such an action would cause him to
quit his humiliating assault on her body.

      Feeling the tenseness of her thighs, Tom merely locked his arms between
them, and his strength was all that was necessary to hold her in an open
position.  Then, moving quickly, he dropped his lips to her damp loins,
spreading the soft blonde pubic hairs with his thumbs and flicking his tongue
lizard-like into the moistly flowering slit of her tight little cunt.

      Linda tried to lurch back from the sudden electrifying contact of his
hotly quivering tongue with the quaking bud of her clitoris, but she was held
down against the pillow.  Her legs were spread wide apart by his sweating palms
pressing against the soft insides of her firm thighs.  It was hopeless to
struggle, and she stared helplessly down between her proud breasts, seeing him
hunched on all fours like a beast of prey making ready to devour its victim.
The warmly pink flesh of her heated vagina was presented up to his leering face
in defenseless sacrifice.  She lay frozen on the pillow, her shame and
humiliation complete as she saw his extended tongue, a stranger's tongue,
slowly and maddeningly circling around the edges of her wide-splayed vaginal
lips.  She was ashamed of her body's betrayal of her mind, and she thought to
keep from losing complete control, all the time loving the wildly erotic
sensations that poured over her nerves.

      Raising his head for a moment, Tom looked hungrily down at the narrow
wetly curving slit, the ragged pink flanges of pussy flesh open to his gaze.
He didn't seem the same man Linda had met so few minutes earlier, as he stared
greedily, savoring his prize. Then, with an animal-like groan, he dropped his
head and buried the full length of his long slippery tongue into the warmly
throbbing walls of her cunt.

      Linda choked back a soul-baring moan attempting to escape from deep in
her throat.  Her buttocks sank down into the pillow as she tried desperately to
resist the maddening assault on her secret genitals.  She could only whimper
before his depraved attack and, raising her head up, stare in horrified
disbelief as she was actually letting a virtual stranger greedily feast between
her legs below.  It couldn't be true, she told herself over and over as she
flailed her head from side to side as his tongue began heatedly spearing in and
out of the involuntarily dilating lips of her love-starved cunt.  The
sensations of forbidden pleasure began to ripple and churn deep down in her
quivering belly and although her arms lay tensed at her sides, the young mother
began a slow, sensuous undulation of her body.  She was becoming an object to
be played with in any way Tom desired, and the thought again made her try and
stop the demanding throbs in her belly.  He was defiling her as she never
before believed possible; humiliating her in this public orgy beyond her
wildest imagination... and there was nothing she could do but lie beneath him
and accept any degradation without so much as a scream of protest.  She knew
there was no one to help her now, but most horrible of all... she was beyond
helping herself.  What she was feeling was too exquisite, too wonderfully
wicked... too good!

      Linda was reminded of the girl in the film, the way she twisted
seductively on the bed when the dog licked at her cringing pussy.  It was the
same for her, as she couldn't stop the delicious sensations that Tom's probing
tongue brought her, and it's wet length seemed to stretch up into the
furthermost reaches of her cuntal passage, teasing the heatedly seeping walls
of her womb like a wonderful weapon of lust.  She had never been so aroused in
her life, and in the back of her mind she was remembering the time she was
sixteen, when she had been raped by the sailor.  She wondered if she was
entitled to the pleasure she was having.  She had enjoyed it once in the past,
it was true, but her feelings of guilt had prevented her from ever experiencing
it again.  My God, it's been sixteen years, why have I feared such wonderful
pleasure for so many years?

      Fully aware of the declining resistance from Linda, Tom forced her legs
back even further, nakedly exposing the whole of her heated loins to his
assault.  Driving his tongue in quick stabbing motions up the warmly clasping
passage, he worked with greater speed to bring her to total submission.  He had
been skeptical when Valerie Boyd phoned earlier, telling him about Linda, but
now that he was tasting her wild young pussy and experiencing her wantonness,
he was glad to be the one chosen to loosen her up.  She had the potential of a
fantastic fuck, and he was determined to bring it out of her.

      A low, quiet groan of hunger and submission seemed to bubble from deep in
her chest; that was what Tom was waiting to hear, and lifting his tongue from
her tortured young cunt, he grinned with self-assurance.  She was almost there,
he was certain, but as if to put the final seal on her subjugation, he flicked
his tongue into the tightly puckered little hole of her anus, nestled neatly
just below the moist vaginal opening.

      Feeling the wet, searing assault on her tiny anus, Linda moaned loudly
and clenched her eyes shut.  Her lips were tightly bared back over her teeth
from the torturing sensation his wetly licking tongue sent racing through her
body.  Tiny goose-bumps ran across her tautly rippling belly and all the way up
to her rapidly heaving breasts as a further moist stab struck out at the tight
fleshy little anal ring.  She was helpless before his depraved attack, and her
body began to finally desert her.  Her buttocks jerked back involuntarily at
the darting tongue that sent uncontrolled spasms of delicious pleasure coursing
through her raw nerves.

      "Aaaaaggghhhhh!" Linda groaned loudly again as the cruel realization of
her total submission hit her with its full impact. She fought with her mind for
control that wouldn't come, as the tiny licking sparks began to burst into
uncontrollable flames, devouring her in final helplessness.  Her shamelessly
aroused body suddenly jerked spasmodically and began a slow abandoned movement
up against his thrusting tongue.  Her hands curled down into his hair and
pulled his face hard against her quivering love-starved loins.  All that
mattered now were the delicious shafts of pleasure piercing through her flesh
like tiny prickling needles of fire.

      She was completely his, Tom was certain of that, and dipping his tongue
into her tightly clasping cunt once more, he moved his hands to his belt to
lower his pants.  His cock was aching from the confinement, and he worked
quickly, taking his underpants down in the same motion.  His throbbingly erect
penis sprung out from his bushy groin, the freedom making his blood flow faster
in the long hardness.  He could imagine how her tightly squeezing little cunt
would feel locked around his cock, as it had even felt tight around his tongue,
and he was determined to make this fuck one she would never forget for the rest
of her life.

      Raising his face up from her saliva soaked loins, he grabbed her legs
with both hands, and twisting cruelly, rolled her onto her stomach.  Linda was
so caught up in the tongue lashing of her private parts, she didn't resist or
protest her being forced into such a debasing position.  Instead she was
immediately reminded of the girl in the film being fucked by the German
Shepherd.  She didn't fight when he pulled her hips up, bringing her into the
kneeling position so that her round, white buttocks were lewdly open to
anything he might desire.  Her face was pressed into the pillow, but she
twisted her head to one side and saw the sensual fucking of Ray and Valerie a
few feet from her face.

      Valerie was grinding her buttocks up and down in such wild abandon that
Linda was sure she was nearing a climax, and the excitement of witnessing such
an act made her own wanton needs even more demanding than before.  At that
moment, Tom bent down behind her and flicked his tongue once again at her wetly
puckered anus.

      "Ooohhh, God!" she moaned loudly as the tantalizing licking invaded her
inner thighs, teasing at her like some demon of flesh. She quivered back
against it, screwing her buttocks in eager little circles around and around to
feel its extraordinary rape of her helplessly exposed loins.  There was nothing
in the world like this wonderful tongue fucking she was getting!  She had never
known it before, it was different, it was wicked, it consumed the whole of her
being, and there was nothing else in the entire universe now but the lashing
tongue licking at her from behind. Wild thoughts of the dog in the movie ran
through her mind, thoughts of his great slobbering tongue slithering over the
defenseless genitals of the nakedly squirming, moaning girl.  She knew what it
was like now, and wildly she reveled in its lewdly tingling joy until she
thought suddenly her entire body was to explode into a thousand pieces.

      Tom stopped, timing his moment, and he ran his tongue wetly up the
crevice between her half-moon cheeks, over her back until his progress was
halted by the gathered material around her narrow waist.  He crawled up between
her wide-spread thighs, pinning them apart with his knees, and he jammed his
massively throbbing penis forward, thrusting against the moist softness of her
feverishly quivering pussy.

      For a fleeting second Linda felt fear when the blunt head pushed against
her naked loins.  It was huge, bigger than she thought possible, and she was
sure it would split her apart.  He thrust at her, almost frantic in his efforts
to find the opening to her innermost being, and her fear was momentarily
conquered by the fire raging deep inside her belly and the lewdly exciting
sight of Valerie and Ray.  Valerie was grinding her buttocks down on his
glistening shaft with wild abandon, the great pole of flesh rapidly
disappearing and reappearing as she frantically bounced up and down over his
groin.  Linda wanted a cock fucking into her belly, too, and she wantonly
arched her naked buttocks up in the air to give herself up to his probing
demands.

      "Put it in... Put it in!" Tom panted.

      "Oh, God!" she moaned helplessly, but she reached back between her legs,
wrapping her little hand around the thick hot cock in spite of her fear of its
size.  She could feel the blood pounding rapidly through the long, fleshy
penis, and fear again welled as she perceived the true enormity of his giant
manhood.

      "Do it... Dammit, put it in now!" he commanded again, and he dug his
fingers into the flesh of her inner thighs, pulling them wider apart.

      "Ooooohhhhh!" she groaned from the pain of her flesh being squeezed, and
in desperation she guided the hard, massive throbbing shaft into the
passion-drenched hole of her eager little cunt.  She moved the thick head back
and forth to part her warmly moistened vaginal lips, and when his cock
impatiently pushed against her lust hardened clitoris, she felt a thrilling
shock of further pleasure coursing through her body.  Sliding the fleshy head
back slowly, she savored the impression; it was the last excitement she
expected to feel before his thick cock split her inexperienced pussy in half.

      Feeling the heat of her softly quivering flesh against his aching cock,
Tom thought he might lose his load right then, even before he had a chance to
get it into her.  Shoving his hips forward, he pressed his huge, lust-swollen
cock's head into the moistly tight little passage... and, slowly, it sank into
the cringing warmth of her femaledom.

      "Oooohhhh!" Linda groaned for mercy and pressed her face into the pillow
in an attempt to stifle the volume of her cry.  She attempted to lurch away
from the cruel thrust, but he held her hips tightly with both hands, preventing
any escape from the painful entry.

      Pushing again, Tom Harvey drove the throbbing length of his massive penis
another inch inside her tightly palpitating opening, noting as he did so that
the tiniest move elicited a moan of protest from deep in her throat.  He slowly
continued the brutal impalement of her helplessly shaking young body, his hotly
throbbing cock anxious to be totally ensheathed in the velvety warm walls of
her cunt.  Inch by inch he drove his way into her, slowly filling her heatedly
quivering passage with the massive hardness of his jerking penis.  The crevice
of her buttocks closed tightly as the muscles in her passage resisted the
steady penetration, but the warmly flowering lips of her pussy were sexually
moistened to receive him.  It was as though her vagina was willingly swallowing
him up inside, and his cock swelled even larger in the tightness of her
involuntarily clasping tunnel of lust.

      Linda felt as if she was being stretched to the bursting point, and she
could clearly feel every wrinkle and ridge of his monstrous, blood-pounding
penis through the sensitized walls of her inflamed vagina.  His relentless
penetration seemed to go on and on, then still for a moment.  She was sure he
was all the way in -- as far as he could go!  After a second he flexed his
long, hard cock, and then without any warning, lurched another four inches up
into her searing belly.

      "Aaaaaggghhhhh!"  The presence of other people in the room was no longer
occupying her thoughts as she shrieked more from surprise than pain.  She now
realized that her tight vagina was completely filled with his massive cock, and
it was even more surprising that she was rapidly adjusting to it.  Her initial
shout changed rapidly to cries of burning need as she felt the bushiness of his
pubic hair pressing tantalizingly against her wide-spread inner thighs and his
heavy scrotum brushing sensually against her upturned ass cheeks.  Then Tom,
with a loud groan of delight, drove even further into her depths, his balls
swinging forward this time to slap noisily up between her tensed thighs. The
painfully stretched young mother was stunned by the blunt head of his heatedly
pulsating penis as it pressed into her cervix, she having taken more cock into
her belly than she thought humanly possible.

      "Oooohhhhhhh!"  Her moan of pleasure-pain was a long-awaited signal for
Tom, and he immediately backed his shaft out of the wet, fleshy tunnel, drawing
it out until only the very tip remained inside.  He held it there for a moment,
waiting for the subserviently kneeling woman to wiggle her buttocks back for
it, and when she did, he drove down into her depths again.  This time his
penetration was smooth and quick; the thick, rubbery head of his cock easily
parted the tightly grasping walls of her cunt, as it plowed up into her belly
until his groin was once again pressing hard against her up-turned buttocks.
She whimpered a cry half of pleasure, half of pain, but at that point he was
only concerned with fucking her for all she was worth.

      Tom began sawing in and out, taking long, hard strokes that pounded deep
inside her tightly quivering cunt, striking her cervix again and again.  He
stared down at her kneeling, bent-over form, her firm white buttocks wantonly
wiggling back to his driving rhythm, her smooth back sloping down to the
loosely scattered blonde hair of her twisting head.  The sight of her
voluptuously sensual body bent to his will made his balls stir with boiling
passion, and they begged him to fuck her quickly so to release the intolerable
pressure of his heated sperm.

      "Uunngghhh... Uunnggghhhh... Uuuggghhh!" She chanted into the pillow in
time to his long hard thrusts, feeling every inch of his large powerfully
pulsating cock as it slid smoothly down her warmly clasping passage to hit
bottom.  And then, like a bouncing ball, suddenly it would return to the
beginning of her hungry cuntal mouth.  She fucked back, raising her young
buttocks up to each of his downward strokes, eagerly spreading her thighs wider
apart to take him as deep as possible.  There was nothing left but the pleasure
giving cock in her fiery cunt, pulsating in there with abandon.  There was no
longer any morals or shame, no longer fear of men, but instead there was the
ultimate pleasure of being fucked and fucked well... and of fucking well in
return.

      "Oooohhhh, God!  Fuck me, oohh... fuck me..." Linda screeched as her
sexual frenzy took complete control of her thoughts.  Her eyes now were glazed
over with an implacable lust, and as she stared at the entwined and fucking
bodies next to her, their driving frenzy only added to the lewdly sensual
pleasure of her own fucking.  Ray's cock was glistening with a white shining
liquid that was continually smoothed over by the tight flanges of Valerie's
pink little cunt as she rode up and down on the fleshy pole.  Valerie's head
was thrown back, and she wailed as her orgasm consumed her very being.

      "Oooohhhh... Fuck me... Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she screamed, echoing
Linda's earlier obscenity.  Valerie's writhing, screaming climax seemed to make
Tom Harvey's long hard cock grow even bigger, and Linda arched her wantonly
writhing buttocks up to take him deep inside her quaking belly.  She was
experiencing a passion she never before realized possible, and it overpowered
her completely.  She was witnessing an erotic sexual climax while at the same
moment being fucked into a glorious insensibility.  Not even in her imagination
had it been so good!

      Each downward stroke of Tom's hotly sizzling penis was like a thousand
different singular pleasures to the kneeling Linda and his sperm-filled balls
slapped hard and noisily up between her thighs, swinging forward to stroke her
lust hardened clitoris again and again, as he fucked into her dog fashion.
There was never such pleasure, sure pure luxuriousness of sensual delight, and
she loved it... LOVED IT!

      Her voluptuous young body was tingling from head to toe, and she now felt
confined and restricted by her clothes -- wanting to be free of them.  She
reached back to loosen the top of her dress, and twisting erotically all the
while, she pulled the material up over her head, throwing it away like useless
junk.  She did the same with her brassiere, letting her heavy breasts dance and
flutter from the impact of Tom's hard driving cock.  And the moment she was
finally naked, she felt his hands moving down over her back, reaching under her
breasts to squeeze them and tweak the nipples between his fingers.  She was all
consumed by the sheer lewdness of her compromised position, and she rolled
forward on her forehead to look back beneath her nakedly writhing body to see
her hotly quivering cunt being violated by the hardness of his jerking penis.
His long cock pulled out until only the very tip of him remained inside her
body, then it would smoothly drive back down, the hair-lined lips of her cunt
eagerly clasping it until the white shaft of flesh completely filled her warm,
hungry passage.  His pubic hair was pushing into the crevice of her buttocks
with each hard thrust of his groin, and she felt a tingling that reminded her
of the dog licking at the girl's anus in the movie.

      Running his hands from her ripely dangling breasts, over her quivering
belly to her tensed thighs, Tom sensed building spasms growing within the
kneeling girl.  He held Linda tightly, pulling her buttocks to his hammering
groin, and then pushing her away again as he fucked rhythmically into her hot
little cunt.  He wanted to make her scream from the pounding of his rigidly
pistoning cock, to make her beg him to pump his hot sticky cum deep inside her
belly until he was completely dry.  Her eagerly quivering pussy was alive with
passion, warmly clasping around his throbbing penis, the slick walls squeezing
every part of his cock like a heated, massaging wave of fire.  She was
wonderfully tight, and he fought off the growing sensation in the head of his
thundering cock, not wanting to cum until she had screamed out her own orgasm.

      "Oooohhh... Aaaaaggghhh... Oooohhhh!" she moaned as his long hard penis
drove up her flaming passage unmercifully.  Linda gasped for breath as her face
was pushed again and again into the softness of the pillow beneath her by his
terrible lunging force. The hardened nipples on the tips of her large breasts
brushed thrillingly across the slick fabric of the pillow, adding to the
sizzling excitation already pouring through her passion filled body.

      With eyes fixed on the smoothly rounded globes of her buttocks, Tom
suddenly released his grip on her hips to dig his fingers into the narrow
dividing crevice; he spread the twin cheeks wide apart, exposing the
brownish-pink hole of her puckered anus to his view.  It seemed to be gasping
and sucking at his groin as he rammed hard against it.  He eased back a little,
placing his outstretched middle finger against the puckered opening, and then
he twisted his hand, working his long finger into the tight, rubbery flesh.

      "Uuuggghhhh!" she snorted, "Yes... Yes!  Use your finger in my asshole!"
She raised her buttocks up to the worming finger, trying to screw it down
inside her hot rectal passage.  Her tightly restricting anus popped open to let
the digit enter, and initially she felt nothing but pain, though still she
masochistically urged him on.  He accommodated her lust by shoving his finger
deep into her rectum, and as she became adjusted to the unnatural invasion, she
eagerly angled for more.

      "Oooohhh.  Yes yes yes!" She grunted as she tried to take the turning,
twisting finger to the hilt, shoving back against it while at the same time
absorbing more of his hard, jerking cock deep inside her wildly pulsating cunt.
He plunged his finger down hard in the hot rubbery passage until he could shove
it no further, and she groaned out her ecstasy of pleasure-pain.

      "Uuuugghhh!!... Oooohhhhh!"

      Worming his finger around the depths of her tightly grasping rectum, he
could feel, through the thin wall of flesh that separated the two passages, his
own skewering cock as it slammed repeatedly in and out of her cuntal cavern.
She writhed abandonedly, lunging and driving her buttocks back against the two
impaling instruments, her tortured backside now a seething cauldron of sexual
excitement.  The slamming forces wracked her body into contorted jerks and
spasms as she felt the growing, churning heat build deep within her belly.  She
was going to cum!

      "Ooooh, God!  Ooooohhhhh!"

      The kneeling woman's gasps were a signal to Tom, and he felt the walls of
her slickly quivering cunt begin to seep with the warmth of her impending
orgasm.  Shoving forward with all his strength, he drove his cock and finger as
deep as possible into the tightly clasping twin passages, working furiously as
she gyrated toward rapturous heights.  Linda screwed her loins back against his
hammering cock and finger like a wanton bitch in heat, and she jerked and
jumped in complete abandonment up and down on the now battered pillow.

      "Oooohh, God... I'm... God... Going to... Now!  I'mmm
ccccuummmiinnnnggggg!"

      Her kneeling, convulsing body was maddeningly sensual now, her hotly
quivering cunt sucking feverishly on his pistoning cock, while even her anus
expanded and clenched his finger to the palm of his hand.  She was wilder than
any woman he'd ever had, and he fucked into her with the growing satisfaction
of her powerful climax.

      Linda pushed her lewdly writhing buttocks back hard against his groin as
she felt the overwhelming joy of her surging orgasm spilling out from deep
within her heated womb.  The hard, jerking cock in her contracting cunt seemed
to grow larger still, and she bucked back against it, thrilling in her first
orgasm brought by a male... a climax that released the sexual energies dammed
up inside her for almost twenty years.  Hotly perfumed lubricant oozed out her
clasping and squeezing cunt as her belly rippled and jerked again and again
with mind-blowing pleasure.

      And Tom Harvey could hold back no longer.

      His hot, sticky white sperm exploded from his balls in great surging
waves, and as it traveled up the route of his long hard cock, he felt a frenzy
of extraordinary sensation.  He was lost in the incredible sensuality of his
own climax as the first quick burst of hotly heavy cum shot from the
lust-swollen tip of his deeply buried cock.

      "Oooooohhhhhh!" Linda screamed as she felt the liquid heat pumping into
her flooded cunt like a series of stabbing fiery explosions.  The impact was
more powerfully erotic than anything she had yet felt, and she bucked back
insanely against the spewing penis as her own orgasm deepened and expanded.
His hot cum fired again and again, filling her belly to the bursting point, and
the slickly heated walls of her cunt were clasping and unclasping around the
rigid staff, milking it of all the fluid it contained.

      Their mutual climax seemed to last forever as they rammed and bounced
over the pillow together, Linda's scream of joy echoing crazily, wildly around
the darkened room.  Her heels kicked up, as if she was spurring him on for
more, but finally his deflating penis pulled noisily from her cum-filled cunt
while his finger popped from her clasping anus.  She fell forward onto her
stomach, then rolled over onto her back, her head swimming from her sexual
awakening.  It was as if her body had finally been freed from its long bondage,
her self-imposed, almost masochistic, chastity now a thing of the past to be
forgotten.

      Her true character was bared: she was a sexual animal, and a complete
woman!  Looking around through the narrow, hazy slits of her lust-dazed eyes,
she saw that other people were naked, some fucking, some moving around the
room.  One of them, holding a long, fully erect penis, was moving toward her.
It was Ray, and his cock was still wet with his and Valerie's orgasm.

      "I want to fuck that beautiful mouth of yours, baby!" Ray said casually.
"I want you to suck me...  Do you hear?"

      Linda stared at his throbbing, cum-slickened cock as he knelt down beside
her.  Try as she might, she was unable to feel the disgust she would have felt
an hour before.  Only for a moment did she hesitate, torn between the hot
desire that still scorched her awakened body and the quick twinge of shame and
humiliation that flickered through her confused thoughts.  But nothing else
mattered now except the uncontrolled and raging lust in her pulsating belly.
And, after all, it would bring him pleasure.

      She did as he asked, closing her wetly ovalled young mouth around the
slickly jerking penis, licking the warm, pungent juices of his and Valerie's
orgasm that still clung to it.  She sucked on it, taking it deep in her virgin
throat, feeling a new and different excitement from her sexual arousal as she
felt it heatedly throbbing against the roof of her mouth.  It was good, better
than she would ever have believed.  And she wanted him to cum in her throat; to
drink down his life-giving sperm into her lusting belly, and have its magic
fire ignite further encouragement of lewd and debasing acts.  She was ready for
anything now, and as she sucked in and gulped down the spewing liquid that
filled her mouth, she was wondering what would be next.  Had she been aware of
what lay ahead, she might have been sickened, but a wanton sexual hunger had
taken over her mind and body, and she truly was ready for anything.


                                IncstLuv.txt 7/8

                               An Incestuous Love
                                   Chapter 7

      Ray fell back on the pillow, momentarily exhausted from all the sexual
activity, but he stared in awe at the blonde woman, Linda, as she licked the
last drops of semen from his deflating cock.  Quite a transformation had taken
place, as she wasn't at all like the woman Valerie had described when calling
that afternoon.  Valerie knew how to pick them all right.  The sexual potential
had been there, and they had all succeeded in bringing it out.  Linda was wild
and wanton and wonderfully sexy.  And the way she had just so eagerly sucked
his cock, made him know that he'd want her again.  Without question, she would
be more than willing.

      The taste of hot sperm in her mouth was like an appetizer, and when Ray's
limp cock pulled from her mouth, Linda felt even hungrier than before.  The
pulsating sensations in her belly were becoming more demanding by the second,
and she raised up, looking around the darkened room.  There seemed to be fewer
people, but from what she could make out, most -- if not all -- were engaged in
sexual activities.

      No longer self-conscious, she stood up and walked toward the bar, leaving
her clothes in a heap by the pillow.  Everyone else was naked and, anyway,
after what she had done in front of others, her nudity was hardly shameful.
There was no shame or shyness left, or so she thought, and she did what would
have been unthinkable an hour earlier.  She brazenly walked up to the only
fully dressed person in the place, Jason, and asked for another of his
"special" drinks.

      The lulling, stimulating effects of the concoction came on quickly, and
she decided to explore a little, seeking what might be a pleasant situation.
Tom Harvey was not in the big room, and neither was Valerie.  Linda guessed
there had to be other rooms where similar activities were in progress, and she
started out looking for them.  To leave the long downstairs room she had to
step over couples laying on the floor, but she only glanced at them, as none
were at the moment ready to offer her anything.  She was looking for somebody
interesting and unengaged, possibly like Tom Harvey, her host.

      There wasn't time nor the desire to think about what was happening to
her, though in the back of her mind she thought she might feel differently in
the light of day.  But then, she was feeling that the party was just getting
started, and she walked nakedly through the living room and in the direction of
a hallway she had seen from the front door.  When she reached it she heard
sounds coming from a room down the hall, and since the door was open, she just
walked on inside.  The walls of the room were multicolored, the ceiling
mirrored with tiny pin-points of light like stars imbedded in it, but Linda saw
none of those details. What she did see made her gasp in surprise.

      The entire floor of the room, perhaps twenty by twenty, was made up of a
mattress-like covering, and on one part of it was Don, the man she had seen
last night with Valerie; he was in the process of fucking someone dog-style.
The attractive young redhead he was fucking was wiggling her ass back against
his lunging cock, but what made the perverted picture even more enticing, the
girl at the same time was licking Valerie's wide-splayed cunt.  Valerie was on
her back in front of the girl, her legs drawn up so that her wetly glistening
cunt was completely open to the tongue lashing.  What really stunned Linda
though, was the fact that the girl in the middle, the one being fucked and in
turn licking pussy, was Valerie's daughter Karen!

      Linda felt a cold shudder run up her spine as the realization came clear
in her lust-fogged brain.  If that was Karen, then where was...

      Before words could totally form in her head, Linda had the answer to her
question.  She sensed it without seeing that someone had entered the room
behind her.  Her whole naked body tingled with hyper-charged awareness, feeling
eyes examining her buttocks, scanning over her body from head to toe, and she
knew the terrible truth without turning around.  It was Rick... It had to be
Rick!

      Linda held her breath as she slowly turned, and not three feet away, her
worst fears were confirmed.  Rick, her own son, was standing there in the
doorway, his young, muscular body also naked, and his virile, eagerly pulsating
cock standing erect from his groin.  He was staring at her, then over toward
Karen, unbelieving, though his aroused state unquestionable.

      "Mom... I... I didn't know she was bringing... Not here! Honest... I..."

      His eyes were scanning her nakedness, uncontrollably, and Linda felt
them, knowing what he had to be thinking.  She wanted him to be enraged at
finding Karen in such a position, wanted him to run to Don and Valerie and pull
them away from his girl.  But it was only too apparent that he was aware of
what was going on between them, and in fact that he was likely on his way to
joining them all.  If only he would run at them... Then I wouldn't feel what
I'm feeling... Such horrible thoughts... Not that... No I mustn't!

      When he had seen Valerie there, Rick thought his mother had declined her
dinner invitation and that Valerie had come to the party alone.  It was in full
swing when he and Karen arrived, and finding Valerie Boyd naked and ripe for
fucking, he hoped to get some of her.  He was ready, so ready for it!  But now,
here before him was his mother, naked, aroused, and far more sensually
beautiful than any of the other females he had seen.  He had to explain,
anything to control his body; he wanted to tell her that he hadn't been a part
of Valerie's and Karen's plans... that he didn't know Valerie would bring her
there...  He was incapable of coherent speech, however, because of the way he
felt about his own mother!

      "Mom... Please... I must tell you..."

      "Rick, darling!" Linda cut him off, trying desperately to still the
raging fires of passion in her heatedly aroused body. Was he ashamed of her?
He couldn't be, no, not ashamed!  She was a woman, alive of flesh and blood,
and she was hungry and in need of sexual fulfillment.  He could see that, she
was certain, for his hard wildly throbbing young cock lurched even larger as
his eyes stared lustily at her pubic mound.  And she couldn't stop herself from
holding her arms out to him, beckoning him to her protective fold.

      Her body was soft, warm, loving.  Her softly firm breasts burned holes in
his chest, and her thighs, sleek and vibrant, squeezed his painfully aching
cock between them.  Oh, God, he had to have her!  Heated, moist, her wispy
pubic hairs brushed seductively over his erect penis, "Mom... God, Mom!  I-I
want you!  I want to fuck you!"  And he did want her -- wanted to fuck her more
than any woman or girl he had ever known.

      His words sizzled in her brain like answers to the demanding tongues of
fire licking at her body.  She wanted him too, she could not deny it.  And she
felt powerless, unmercifully helpless to resist the terrible truth.  She had
watched him fucking Karen and had really told herself at that moment that she
could give him more!  She wanted to have her son's rigid cock fucking into her.
Yes, oh yes yes yes!  It throbbed with life, his flesh and blood from her,
between her thighs, so very close to where he came from. Was it wrong?  Was
what she wanted so desperately wrong?  Didn't she feel more like a woman than
ever before in her life?  Ooohhh, yes dear God!  Yessssss!  "Rick, darling,
son!  Ohhh, darling baby..."

      Powerless to stop the terrible heat of their passion, they knelt nakedly
together, face to face on the soft floor, and her hand lovingly stroked his
throbbing manliness; his hand slowly moved up her tender and soft inner thighs
to her warmly palpitating pussy.

      "You're... So... Good... Mom?"  His fingers found the curving slit of her
heatedly moist vagina, and he brushed the tips across the tiny hardened bud of
her clitoris.

      "Ohh, yesssss... My darling... Ooohhh, yesssss!"  She was going to burst
from the pressure in her belly as she felt his fingers probing into the wetly
quivering opening to her cunt.  His face was pressed into the softness of her
breasts, and his hot young mouth nipped at the hardened tips, sending electric
bolts of pleasure coursing through her trembling body.  There couldn't be any
waiting, no time for second thoughts.  All that mattered was having each other,
their bodies joined together for the ultimate physical pleasure they could give
and receive.  The others in the room didn't matter compared to mother and son's
overwhelming needs.  Their movements flowing as one, Rick lay on his back while
his mother hovered above him, her thighs wide apart and kneeling on either side
of his squirming hips.  His lust-swollen, wildly jerking penis was pointing
straight up toward her moistly splayed cunt, and she held his long hard cock
tightly in her hand, moving the blunt purple head back and forth to part the
hair-lined slit of her hungry cunt.

      "Ohh, Mom, now!  Got to fuck you now!" he moaned, and he thrust his hips
off the bed, trying to drive his blood-filled, desire-hardened cock into the
slick wetly pulsing lips of his mother's vagina.

      "Oooohh, darling!  Now, yes, NOW!" she answered, and she reached down
with her hand to part the lips of her quivering cunt, clearing the way for his
entrance.  She hesitated for only an instant, one short moment before she
plunged down on her son's massive thickness.  And it pressed up into her,
expanding the tight, resisting orifice until she thought it would tear.
Buffeted by pain, she still felt a sense of pride that Rick, her son, was a
bigger man -- penis-wise -- than any other male she had seen at the party.

      "Oooohh, God!  Aaaaagghhhhhh!" Linda screamed as the huge lusting cock
lurched just inside her tight passage.  Trembling uncontrollably, she slowly
lowered herself over him, wanting him deep, wanting all of him in her belly.

      Rick raised his head up to watch his long hard cock slowly sinking up
into his mother's pinkly clasping cuntal mouth.  And it felt good, and right,
and powerful!  The tight, wet walls sucked him up inside her warm channel,
covering his lust-swollen penis inch by wonderful inch.  Warm and wet and
pulsating hungrily, the sensation of his entrance made his young body a raging
river of boiling excitement.  He couldn't hold back.  Not for another second!
He had to fuck her -- now!  And he lurched his hips off the mattress floor,
thrusting the whole hard length of his massively throbbing cock into her fiery
depths.

      "Oooooohhhhhhh!" she screamed louder, feeling every wrinkle of his fleshy
thick penis as it filled her to the base of her belly.  She had no idea he
would be so big, so wonderful; and she ground her loins down over his hairy
pelvis, feeling all of his hot length inside her grateful cunt.  She wanted to
be fucked, more than ever, fucked good by her wonderful son.

      Through half-open eyes, Valerie had watched the confrontation between
Linda and her son with great interest.  Her plan had succeeded in bringing out
Linda's true nature, almost too well! Yet the incestuous contact between mother
and son was fine with her, as it tied all the loose ends together.  It was
pleasure in its most beautiful form, and she knew it by experience.  She wanted
to fuck young Rick too, but she was glad to wait her turn, to wait until Rick
and his mother had finished sharing each other. Valerie's eyes rolled up then
as her daughter's tongue was slicing insistently up between her legs, but
before the pleasures in her own body completely took control, she did see the
other person entering the room.  And she knew instinctively that Linda was due
for even more than she had bargained for.

      Tom Harvey was not aware of the relationship between Linda and Rick, but
even if he had it would have made no difference.  He was looking for Linda, and
finding her in the process of fucking another, mattered little too.  He could
wait, or better yet, join them.

      "Ooohh, yeses, Rick darling!  Fuck me hard, oh, hard!"

      The shamelessly aroused young mother was bouncing up and down as she
knelt over the boy, her legs out wide, tensed, as she took him deep in her
wetly clasping cunt: and Rick was fondling her breasts, one in each hand, as he
raised and lowered his hips rhythmically fucking her back.  Tom moved closer
and around behind Linda, his eyes staring at the white half-moon ass-cheeks,
clenching and unclenching as she stroked up and down on the fleshy young penis.
Intermittently he could see the tiny hole of her puckered anus, just above the
sawing cock in her glistening cunt, and he wanted to fuck her there.

      Her asshole is still virgin, he thought excitedly and he would be glad to
put the final touches on the deflowering of Linda Hall.

      "Lean forward, Linda dear!  I'm going to fuck your asshole!" Tom
announced bluntly.

      The long, rhythmically stroking cock in her wetly heated vagina was all
that Linda thought about at first, as she felt her passion and spirit
unbounded, freed beyond her wildest dreams. But when she realized Tom Harvey
was present, her mind became filled with other thoughts too.  She was doing
something unnatural, even though she loved it, and she knew that she had to
answer to herself for the terrible desire in her soul.  And when Tom spoke,
making what he wanted to do to her perfectly clear, in her lust deranged mind
it seemed the perfect answer.  She had watched Valerie become like an animal as
Ray fucked her in the rectum, and now, Linda too felt she would like to try
something like that.  Yet it was different, as she was at the same time being
fucked in her lust-hungry cunt!  It would be hell, a terrible punishment and
final absolution for her sins.

      "Yessss, Tom..." Linda gasped as she took her son's cock deep in her
belly and leaned forward, "Fuck my asshole tooooooo!"

      Tom needed no further encouragement, and without hesitation, he knelt
down between Rick's legs and Linda's slender calves.  His cock was fully erect,
more so than when he first had taken Linda that evening, and he stroked it in
his hand as he leaned close to the tightly puckered little opening between her
buttocks cheeks. He knew she had to be prepared, but he was so excited by the
prospect of fucking her virgin rectum that any real delay was unthinkable.

      Linda was ready for him, as she reached back with both hands, pulling the
globular cheeks of her buttocks wide apart.  Her son's cock was pressing
against her cervix, jerking and anxious, and she wanted him to fuck her
quickly, hard, the moment Tom entered her. She felt Tom's finger probing
against her virgin anus, the tightly resisting ring of flesh holding, then
giving way, and she leaned down, forcing her muscles to relax as she was
prepared for the most humiliating subjugation.

      "Uuuuugghhhhh!" she grunted as his fingertip tore into her rectum, and
the pain continued as he worked it feverishly around to stretch her tight anus
and prepare it for the greater entry to come.  The combination of pleasure-pain
that racked her body was overwhelming, and she began fucking back against the
two fleshy staffs, wantonly needing two cocks fucking into her belly.  Within
seconds he pulled his finger from her rectum, and she felt her buttocks pulled
wider apart by his thumbs, then a tremendous pressure against her defenseless,
virgin anus.

      "Ooohhh, God, ohhh, it hurts!  Oooohhhhh!" She yelled, but she pushed her
hips back nonetheless.  Tom held her shoulders as he shoved hard forward, his
invading cudgel stiff and eager to enter her heated little rectum.  For a
moment it resisted, but shoving forward with all his strength, he popped the
thick head of his blood-filled cock inside the elastic-tight ring of puckered
flesh.  He was stretching her to impossible size, her anal ring like a tiny
rubber-band stretched around his mammoth penis; determinedly, he pushed hard
forward again and again, slowly but definitely driving his long cock in to the
hilt.

      "Uuggghhh... Aaagghhh... AAAAGGGHHH!" Linda cried in agony over and over
as the searing pain streaked through her body, his jerking penis boring into
her rectum like a red-hot poker.  It drove deep into her hotly clenching anus,
filling her beyond belief, a second monstrous cock fucking up between her legs.
She thought she was being ripped in half, the pain wracking her spine and
surging out over every part of her body.  But then, moments later, her cries
turned from helplessly pleading whimperings to abandoned sobs of ecstasy as she
felt both powerful poles of heated flesh bucking and jerking inside her quaking
belly.  She groaned out loud as both Tom and her son skewered her like a
lifeless rag-doll between them, their cocks separated only by the thin membrane
dividing her two cavities.  They began to fuck in unison, their timing somehow
coming together as they both withdrew their long, wildly throbbing penises
until only the heads remained inside her: Tom's cock held by the tight
sphincter muscle, and her son's massive shaft by the pink-rimmed lips of her
insatiable cunt.  Then they both rammed simultaneously, driving deep down her
passages, and their stiffness pushed and grated against each other along the
parallel channels of her lust-slickened cunt and rectum.

      "Oooohh, God, yesssss my darlings!  Yessss, ohh, yeessss!" Linda moaned.
"I want more, oohhh, MORE!"

      They gave her more, fucking her with the constant rhythm of lust, and her
body became like a river of molten lava, heated, boiling, ready to pour out a
sizzling flood of passion.  Again and again they pounded against her
wide-spread loins, each to its separate orifice, each working together in
spectacular harmony. She didn't want the ravagement to ever end... She loved
it... Oh, God, she loved it!

      Valerie was enjoying a passion feast of her own, but it was heightened by
the lewdly stimulating sight before her eyes.  While her daughter Karen was
furiously licking into her cunt and getting fucked dog fashion by Don from
behind, Linda Hall was being sandwiched between her son and Tom.  It was a
sight worth remembering to see the two men driving their big rods into Linda's
impossibly wide-stretched loins.  Their fucking was becoming faster and faster,
all three of them grunting and groaning their mutual ecstasy as they obviously
neared orgasm.  Valerie thrilled at seeing Linda's ripely full breasts swinging
and bouncing from the force of the two cocks sawing in her belly; the young
mother's mouth was open, her tongue licking furiously around her red lips. She
was near, definitely near, and the salacious scene was so overwhelming, so
wantonly stimulating that Valerie felt her own release coming upon her with
fantastic speed.

      Linda shuddered and groaned as she felt the growing spasms in her belly
building and wracking her with magnificent splendor. Never had anything been so
wonderful, her son and Tom Harvey fucking her body with their huge, wonderfully
throbbing cocks, filling her belly with their hard flesh.  With accelerating
quickness, she felt herself soaring as Rick drove his cock deep into her
contracting cunt, the thick head swelling to tremendous proportions as he
grunted and twisted beneath her.

      "Ooohhh... I'm going to... Cummmmm!"

      "Yesss, my darling, yesssss!  Cum, cum, now... now... NOW!!" The first
white-hot blast struck deep in her sizzling womb, her son's jerking cock
spilling out his super-heated sperm in the depths of her wildly rippling cunt.
A split-second later Tom Harvey shoved his massively pulsating penis down, his
groin pushing hard against her thrashing young buttocks, and the head buried so
deep in her rectum expanded to suddenly explode.  That was it!  She was there
too!

      "Ooohh, yessss! I'mmm ccummmmmiiinnggggg!"  Her body erupted in a shower
of madly spinning sparks at the moment she felt the two hot streams of cum
shooting into her belly, and she was there! Suddenly, she was floating, a mass
of exquisite sensations wracking her nakedly writhing body.  Linda rammed back
once more on the two hard, foaming cocks, bucking and heaving as she rocketed
with a passion that only awakened tonight.  Her rectum sizzled, her entire body
quaked with unbounding joys.  This was what she wanted.  Physical pleasure,
lusting passion, and her son's cock pumping his sperm into her belly...  It
would never end!  Never, never, never, never, never!


                                IncstLuv.txt 8/8

                               An Incestuous Love
                                   Chapter 8

      "Miss Hall?  Will you come into my office please..." the voice squawked
over the intercom.

      "Right away, Mr. Williams..." Linda answered after pressing the button.
It had been a week since she returned from her eventful weekend in Big Sur, and
not once had her boss Karl Williams asked her out.  But at that moment she
recognized that unusual tone in his voice he always had when something other
than business was on his mind.  She stood up from her desk, pulling at the hem
of her skirt before picking up her steno pad and walking to his office door.

      "Dictation, sir?" she said as she closed the door behind her.

      "Of course... " he answered casually, and he leaned back in his oversized
chair, his eyes following her sensual young figure as she sat down beside his
desk.  Ever since she had gotten back from the long weekend, he had been
wondering about her.  She seemed different, but just how he couldn't be sure.
Unbelievably, she appeared even sexier, if that was possible, and sometimes
when she looked at him, it was almost as if she was examining him. Such actions
had not been characteristic of his pretty blonde secretary before.

      She was sitting in her chair in such a way that he could almost see up
between her firm, white thighs; her short skirt exposing more flesh as she
crossed her legs, and she was not shyly looking down but meeting his gaze
directly.  It was time to try again.  "Before starting this letter... I'd like
to know if you'd be free for dinner tonight?" he asked hurriedly.  He expected
her to frown as usual, but she was smiling.

      She was changed, and it was bothering him, Linda thought.  It even seemed
funny, after hearing the same request so many times before, not to feel
frightened and nervous.  Valerie had done a lot for her, and for that she would
always be grateful.  That eventful night a week in the past she had shown
Valerie her gratitude, and of course it was only the beginning.  But now, Linda
saw another opportunity which when presented so many times in the past, she had
not understood its real worth.  Business and pleasure could mix, and for her it
could be quite profitable.

      Linda shook her head, enjoying the sudden frown that crossed Karl
William's face.  So he hadn't expected a "no" reply. "Tonight, Mr. Williams, is
out of the question..." she answered with a smile.  Then looking him directly
in the eye, she went on, "How about tomorrow night?"

      Linda wanted to laugh at his bowled-over expression, but she just kept
smiling as he nodded yes.  She thought it would be interesting to date her
boss, but she would only do it on nights that Rick was going out with Karen.
But tonight was out of the question.  Rick was going to be home, and they had
already made plans for a very special evening, together as mother and son.


                                  The End

