*JENNIFER!* WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!?

What's that you have on the screen? Are you reading and writing about...
SPANKING?!? Is that what you've been doing shut up in your room for hours
on end? Well, no wonder your grades have fallen and your chores have been
neglected. That stuff on the screen hardly looks like homework, does it?
Your mother and I didn't buy you that computer and modem so that you could
read things like THAT! It looks to me like you need to be taught a lesson
on the appropriate use of your time. Stand up, young lady!

Why? Because I can hardly give your bottom a good spanking while you're
sitting on it, now can I? That's right, a spanking! Now, stand up so I can
use that chair to sit on and make a lap for you to lie across. Get up...
NOW, young lady!

There, my lap is ready for you but you're not yet ready for it. First,
we'll have these pants down. Get your hands away from there. Yes, young
lady, your pants ARE coming down. We'll just unfasten them like this and,
there, down to your knees ought to do it.

Hmmm, no wonder you didn't want you pants taken down. Does your mother know
that you wear panties like those? Well, she certainly will when I tell her
after I'm done with you. I suspect that she may want to have a word or two
with you, herself. I don't think you'll be wearing them much longer. But
that is a whole separate issue. We're dealing with other matters right now,
aren't we?

Now, young lady, you're about to get a good spanking for wasting your time
when you're supposed to be doing other, more important, things. Your
behavior has been that of a very naughty girl, and you know what that makes
you, don't you?... Tell me what you are... What? Louder, I can't hear
you...

That's right, you are a very naughty girl, and we both know what very
naughty girls need, don't we? So, since you're a very naughty girl, tell me
what you need, young lady... Jennifer?... I'm waiting... What? Speak up,
girl...

You certainly do need to be spanked. You need to be spanked good and hard
to teach you the appropriate way to spend your time. Get over my knee...
NOW!

There, good girl. Lift up so I can wrap my arm around your waist... I said
lift up, Jennifer... (!) I MEAN IT!... Okay, that's better. Now I should be
able to hold you in place. All I have to do now is take these tiny panties
down... Jennifer, stop wiggling!... Yes, you ARE going to get your bottom
bared... I don't care if you're embarrassed, you should have thought of
that before you misbehaved. Besides, I think around the middle of your
thighs is a much more suitable place for you to wear those panties,
anyway... There, now you're ready for your spanking.

Take those hands away from your bottom, young lady, you know that's not
allowed... Jennifer... I can't spank your bare bottom if you hold your
hands in the way, like that... If I can't spank your bottom, I'll just have
to spank you on the back of your thighs, like this (!) and this (!) and
this (!) and this (!)... Yes, I thought you might rather be spanked on your
bottom. Very well, spanked on your bare bottom you shall be...

(!) I'm very (!) disappointed in you, (!) young lady. (!) I thought that
(!) you were mature enough (!) to schedule your time (!) appropriately. (!)
... (!) But I guess (!) the time that you (!) should have been (!) spending
studying (!) and doing chores (!) has been wasted (!) in front of that (!)
screen, reading about (!) spanking and (!) Heaven only knows (!) what else.
(!) ... (!) Am I making (!) myself clear? (!) ...

(!) You're sorry? (!) Oh, no, (!) not yet, you're not. (!) You're only
sorry (!) that your bare bottom (!) is across my lap (!) getting spanked.
(!) If I were to (!) stop now, (!) just as soon (!) as you could sit (!) in
front of that screen, (!) you'd be at it (!) again. (!) ... (!) No, (!)
before I'm through (!) spanking you, (!) you're going to be (!) a LOT
sorrier (!) than you are now. (!) ...

(!) I mean it, (!) Jennifer, (!) you had better confine (!) that sort of
thing (!) to your spare (!) time... (!) That means after school, (!) after
your chores, (!) after your homework, (!) and after you've (!) spent some
time (!) as an active (!) and participating member (!) of this family. (!)
As long as (!) you live under (!) my roof, (!) you'll obey (!) my rules,
(!) and my rules say (!) that you have things (!) that you're supposed to
(!) do. (!) ... (!) They also say (!) that, when you break them, (!) you
get a good (!) hard (!) spanking (!) right (!) on (!) your (!) bare (!)
bottom! (!) (!) (!) Do you understand? (!) ...

Alright, that's enough of that. Sit up on my lap, now, let me hold you...
There, there... it's over now... You may not believe me right now, but I do
love you... That's right, I spank you so that you'll learn the right way to
behave... Well, sometimes you don't seem to learn any other way... On the
other hand, I don't remember ever having to spank you twice for being
naughty the same way... Here, let me wipe your tears... Blow... Good girl.
Now, stand up and let me pull your panties up... There, that's better.

Now, young lady, you march yourself over and put your nose in that corner.
I'm going to send your mother up to have a look at those panties... No, you
leave those pants around your knees. When your mother comes up here in a
little while, the first thing I want her to see is your red cheeks peeking
around the edges of that scrap of cloth... Too bad, you made a bad choice
when you picked out your clothes this morning... Don't tell me about it,
you take it up with your mother... Yes, I imagine she probably will...

This just isn't your day, is it Jennifer?
