
                                ###     ###
                                 ###   ###
                      ###   ####  ### ###  ###   ####
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ###    ###    ###    ###    ###
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ##########  ### ###  ##########
                                 ###   ###
                                ###     ###

                         Underground eXperts United

                                 Presents...

         ####### ## ##      #######     # #   #######  ####    ####
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####  ##         ##      ##
         ####    ## ##      ####        # #   #######    ##      ##
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####       ##    ##      ##
         ##      ## ####### #######     # #   #######  ######  ######

         [  Peter Haynes International Operations  ] [  By The GNN  ]


    ____________________________________________________________________
    ____________________________________________________________________



                    PETER HAYNES INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS
                            by THE GNN/DCS/uXu


We all know Peter Haynes. You do not? Trust me - you do. Perhaps not by his
name, but by what he does. He has never justified his special (to say the
least) kind of occupation in public; and I believe the reason for that is
simply that no one has ever had the chance to confront him, even though
most of us have been in contact with him, one disturbing way or the other.
But the other night, I managed to catch him on tape, talking about himself!
(It was a sheer coincidence; I will not bore you with the details.)
   This exclusive transcript must be handled with discretion. Be careful to
whom you pass on the information in this file. Some people in the world are
better off if they do not know about Peter Haynes and his company.

PETER HAYNES: "... face the facts, we live in a world that goes around
thanks to a complex - yet delicate - bureaucratic machinery. Political
constructions, social arrangements, law and order, you name it; all these
things requires millions of people tangled up in a complicated web of
rational assignments to function properly. Behind every fire fighter,
police man, politician, doctor, teacher, judge, lawyer, and so on, stands
thousands of workers with various indispensable duties.
   Tell me, if you ask the phone company to connect a new telephone in your
house, how many people will handle your request before then phone is
actually installed a couple of hours later? One? Two? Wrong. Eighty! If you
commit a crime, get arrested, prosecuted, convicted and sent to jail - how
many people do you think have been involved in that process? Ten? Twenty?
Wrong. More than a thousand. If you go and vote? One-hundred? Wrong. Around
sixty-thousand.
   That is how - and why - it works.
   Every cogwheel in the great apparatus of the state fulfils an important
task. Nevertheless, if one breaks down it can be easily replaced. This is
not to say that 'human individuality' has 'seized to exist in our modern
world'. Those who claim such things are just confused. Your unique
individuality has nothing to do with your status in the machinery. The
machinery do not conceive your individuality. You do it yourself. If you
fail with that, it is your own fault. The machinery has been made so that
you may freely, within certain limits, do what you want with your life and
individuality. Seriously speaking, do you not feel like an individual? Do
your family and friends treat you as an unimportant and replaceable object?
I do not think so. And if they do, change your circle of acquaintances. Do
not blame the machinery.
   The Whole is not a person. The Parts are. But what do they do? They
follow strict rules. If they do not, they will be replaced. The Whole is
dependent upon the rules. A police man simply cannot look away if he sees
someone commit a crime. He must do what the law commands him to do. A state
secretary cannot throw away incoming mail, he must organize them in proper
stacks. Whoever gets your call at the phone company must pass on your
request so that your phone eventually is installed. No exceptions.
   Now, in this gigantic bureaucratic machinery, who is to be blamed if
everyone have followed the rules - yet something goes wrong?
   No one.
   You see, the Whole is indeed responsible for the failures, but not the
Parts. And the Whole is not a person! And only persons can be blamed! So
what are we going to do? (Failures do not happen very often. Sure, through
your eyes, that do not perceive the big things in this wonderful world - it
might look like that; but you are narrow-sighted and ignorant. The Whole
works - and its occasional failures are necessary so that it can correct
itself. The rules the Parts follow are not inflexible, but they must
firstly fail in application, otherwise there is no reasons to change them.
Or do you have some better suggestion? Perhaps we should just guess which
rules that some day will lead to unwanted consequences?) But the question
was: who is to be blamed? If no single Part in the machinery is responsible
for some tragic outcome, who must be forced to stand up and articulate the
painful information? Who? There is no one!
   Until now, that is.
   You know me. Perhaps not by my name, but by what I do. I am Peter
Haynes, my company is Peter Haynes International Operations, and my work is
simply to pass on unavoidable information that no one wants to pass on. Not
only do I relieve innocent people (clerks, scientists, presidents, and so
on) from making themselves look evil; I also provide the community with
Someone to blame, not merely an abstract Something. I travel all around the
world, and I tell people such things that they are about to die, that they
must give up their homes, that some war is necessary, that there is nothing
'we' can do, that there is unfortunately only one solution to a problem and
you will not like it, and so on, and so on.
   I do not enjoy my work. It is terrible. To make people face the facts
has made me hard. But for that sake I have no desire to quit; I am well
aware that my assignments are important, that I fill an empty slot in the
wonderful machinery we call 'the system'. That keeps me going. (And anyhow,
the day I decide to quit - someone will quickly replace me.)"

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 uXu #511              Underground eXperts United 1999              uXu #511
                     Call KASTLEROCK -> +1-724-527-3749
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
