
                                ###     ###
                                 ###   ###
                      ###   ####  ### ###  ###   ####
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ###    ###    ###    ###    ###
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ##########  ### ###  ##########
                                 ###   ###
                                ###     ###

                         Underground eXperts United

                                 Presents...

         ####### ## ##      #######     # #   ####### ####### #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####  ##      ##   ## ##   ##
         ####    ## ##      ####        # #   ####### ##   ## #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####       ## ##   ## ##   ##
         ##      ## ####### #######     # #   ####### ####### #######

         [  The Change In The Computer Elite  ]    [  By Stormavik  ]


    ____________________________________________________________________
    ____________________________________________________________________



000000000000000000000000000000000
Stormavik presents the "change"
000000000000000000000000000000000

.The "change" in the computer elite.

As we all know the times are changing fast, but faster in the data world.
Let us give you an example. You buy a 266mhz pc with 64 RAM, and think it
must be the greatest machine ever, that is just because you had a machine
that was slower before, and next day your computer is a total shit because
some big shot company has developed a new CPU. There we see changes over a
day and you are the one who has to pay, again.

There are people who take advantage of this development and those are often
called hackers. They are seen at as brilliant evil nerds, and not people
who try to slow down the development or fasten it ??

In one way hackers destroy personal computers by discovering new errors and
bugs, and now the computer industry needs to change, again. Is this good or
bad, because then we get newer hardware and software that is more
expensive. And if not you would still have the best computer with your
266mhz. And then your software and hardware would not get old or teased by
the sleazy neighbor who has his own 500mhz Unix server :) But also hackers
change their subject.

I remember a period were everybody was writing that they were real c00l
h4x0r d00ds on IRC, people who do that now are considered as lame, just as
AOL (almost a protest against AOL a few years ago, AOL sux). A time where
every kid had a homepage on Geocities filled with h4x0r stuff and really
c00l e-m4i1 b0mberz, a site filled with skulls and black background and red
texture. A time where there was almost no hacking just learning. A time
were people read texts as crazy and when they were done and tried to do as
the text said it often failed because the texts was old, because nobody had
written anything on a long time, because everybody was making there own
Geocities page. But some people was really rocking at this time and they
were actually hacking something, but that was only a few guys.

Look at it now..pretty far away from people who wrote all the words in
numbers, but in some countries nothing is developing. And those sites who
still exists are filled with em4i1-b0mberz and texts about the PHF bug and
the hacker stories from the time were everybody used a modem and hang out
on BBS's. No we need to get more serious and start going forward, and write
new texts and explain each other about our experiences and how to work
together and to something. And not only hang out on BBS's and talk about
hacking. But actually do it.

A good example of good developing in countries who has been "dead" is that
companies as Dataguard is settling and then present bugtraq as a new and
fresh thing.  And that is development my dear H4x0r fr13nd. Good or bad
development??

.Stormavik.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 uXu #508              Underground eXperts United 1999              uXu #508
                     http://www.uXu.org/ - info@uxu.org
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
