
                                ###     ###
                                 ###   ###
                      ###   ####  ### ###  ###   ####
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ###    ###    ###    ###    ###
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ##########  ### ###  ##########
                                 ###   ###
                                ###     ###

                         Underground eXperts United

                                 Presents...

         ####### ## ##      #######     # #   ####### #######  ####
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####  ##      #    ##    ##
         ####    ## ##      ####        # #   #######   ####     ##
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####       ## #    ##    ##
         ##      ## ####### #######     # #   ####### #######  ######

         [ Fatal Accident Insurance Fraud ] [ By Russel Hallberg Jr ]


    ____________________________________________________________________
    ____________________________________________________________________



                   FATAL ACCIDENT LIABILITY INSURANCE FRAUD

                             Russell Hallberg Jr.


I am a survivor of a program to designed to coerce the fathers of young
children to commit suicide. The suicide is for insurance fraud purposes. It
occurs in a staged fatal automobile accident. The typical scenario would
involve the fatality slamming on his brakes in front of a commercial vehicle
on an interstate highway. I cannot find any records of court cases or media
stories about fatal accident liability insurance fraud.
   The automobile liability insurance industry has no incentive to prevent
accident fraud. Rates are based upon claims history. Eliminating fraud would
reduce insurance premiums proportionally. Insurance companies do receive a
small bonus for prosecuting individual fraudulent accidents. They keep
whatever money can be recovered. The rates are not effected.
   Why does this corrupt syndicate focus on the fathers of young children?
Men are four times as likely as women to commit suicide. The image of a
grieving widow and young child enhances jury awards. Other reasons are
included in the following story.

Jane (not her real name) is my former wife. She is a gambling addict. She
was recruited into the insurance fraud ring by her friend, Sheila (another
false name). They met the attorney behind the fraud ring, or his
representative, at a high stakes bingo hall. Jane and I were still living
together at the time. She told me that she was going to be introduced into a
"huge network of people in insurance fraud!"
   "There is a fortune to be made in automobile accidents", Jane said.
   "Like whiplash?" I replied.
   "No, fatalities."
   "You mean like your rich father? But we couldn't do anything like that."
   "Noo... you. You have a young daughter, and they can collect your part of
her support during future years. You can make your daughter rich! Besides,
when you die, you automaticallly go to Heaven."
   "I don't want to spend eternity with Hitler." I said, ending the
conversation. Another conversation concerned our debts. We were about to
file bankruptcy.
   "I guess that I'm worth more alive than dead. My life insurance couldn't
begin to pay off our debts", I said.
   "Unless it happened in the company truck!" she blurted.

During the past year and a half, I have escaped three attempted staged fatal
accidents. They all involved company vehicles. The most serious attempt
occurred on an interstate highway. I was driving a company pickup. A
tractor-trailer approached at a high rate of speed, and passed me. It pulled
in front of me, and slowed to my speed. Another tractor-trailer arrived, and
slowed to my speed in the left lane. A pickup approached at my rear.
   Fortunately, I became aware that this was a planned situation. I quickly
downshifted, and maneuvered between the other pickup and the tractor-trailer
on my left. After my escape, the pickup driver signaled by rotating his hand
outside his window.
   If there had been an accident, it would have paid off handsomely. My
employer could have been sued for wrongful death. The pickup was insured
for use on construction sites, with very high liability limits. The state
and federal governments, and the highway engineering firm, could have been
sued for defective highway design. Punitive damages would be included. There
would have been millions of dollars in insurance settlements from that one
wreck!

It has been nearly three years since Jane's recruitment. She has an aura of
evil and death. I do not know how many deaths she has been involved in. She
has a full time job, and is always 'busy' on weekends. She has a standard of
living that cannot be explained by her paycheck and my child support
payments.
   I have taken several steps to remove myself as a target for Jane's
organization. I do not drive a construction site insured company vehicle any
more. I have recorded my story in the court custody file for my daughter. My
story has been faxed to numerous newspapers and law enforcement agencies.
Without more corroborating evidence, the newspapers have not been interested
in publishing my story.
   Law enforcement investigations have been fruitless. The extent of
corruption that I have encountered is beyond the scope of this article. One
top level state law enforcement official requested my information. My
follow-up telephone calls were not returned. My conclusion is that he wanted
a piece of the actions for his 'boys'. And, as one officer stated: "We would
like to help you, but you aren't dead."

In the past year, there have been magazine and television stories about
staged automobile accidents for personal injury lawsuits. The purpose of
this article is to be the beginning of exposure of fatal accident liability
insurance fraud.
   There is no way to determine, at present, how many of the 40,000 annual
US traffic fatalities are due to fatal accident fraud. If you have first
hand knowledge of fatal accident liability insurance fraud, please contact
me at meal: brit845231@aol.com. Or, contact a trusted media source,
referencing this article. Local law enforcement should be notified, for
whatever that might accomplish.


 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 uXu #531              Underground eXperts United 2000              uXu #531
                             http://www.uXu.org/
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
