
                                ###     ###
                                 ###   ###
                      ###   ####  ### ###  ###   ####
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ###    ###    ###    ###    ###
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ##########  ### ###  ##########
                                 ###   ###
                                ###     ###

                         Underground eXperts United

                                 Presents...

         ####### ## ##      #######     # #   #######  ####   #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####  ##         ##   ##
         ####    ## ##      ####        # #   #######    ##   #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####  ##   ##    ##        ##
         ##      ## ####### #######     # #   #######  ###### #######

         [  Imagine Being In Power  ]             [  By Eric Chaet  ]


    ____________________________________________________________________
    ____________________________________________________________________



IMAGINE BEING IN POWER
by Eric Chaet


Imagine you were in a position of power in the world, such that you could
improve what happens in the immediate future--from right now, for the next
20 years, say.

Let's say that you control a great fortune--money & assets that can be
exchanged relatively easily & quickly for money--& that everyone is eager
for you to take the lead, realizing that you are benevolent.  Maybe any
rivals you might have had are exhausted.

So, what do you do to help the people of Sierre Leone, Ghana, Nigeria; or
Belarus or Algeria or Palestine/Israel or Paraguay or Columbia or
Burma/Myanmar--or India, or China, or Japan--or those in Britain not
currently prospering--or in Sweden or in Poland or in the USA or Mexico?

What about in Argentina, where, as I write this in early November, 2001, the
government seems about to default on its debts to foreigners, &, to prevent
doing so, keeps cutting back on every conceivable benefit to its already
increasingly impoverished & resentful population--a scenario not unlike
Germany before Hitler came to power in 1933--while the attention of those in
power in the USA and Britain, for instance, is absorbed in dealing with
shadowy terrorist organizations, bombing Afghanistan, combating anthrax (&
the possibility of even worse biological, chemical, or nuclear plagues)--&
"manufacturing consent" for its policies, as Noam Chomsky would put it?

(Some among the political-economic elites of the USA & Britain, especially,
continue to push for increasing world prosperity via global trade, as tho
the attacks of Sept. 11 & following--anthax in the mail--didn't mean that
global trade could not possibly become anything like universal in the
immediate future.  Even national trade is getting bogged down; it may be
that even local trade will become very clumsy.)

For now, for a change, let's not just say that those who are in position of
leadership are corrupt, evil, stupid, greedy, whatever.

Instead, let's imagine that you had power & money; or some power & some
money; or were in a position of significant influence, & people were likely
to let you use some of their money, if only you could present a reasonable
investment plan that would transform the situation for those suffering
greatly, such that not only would they make progress & be better off, but
the investment, over time, would be repaid from the resulting profits--that
is, from whatever of value was produced beyond the inputs required to
produce it.

Okay, what are the investments to be made?

How is money to be spent to do good, rather than only to further enrich the
richest, at the expense of everyone else & of the common wealth of the
planet?

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 uXu #615              Underground eXperts United 2002              uXu #615
                Send your submissions to: submission@uxu.org
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
