
                                ###     ###
                                 ###   ###
                      ###   ####  ### ###  ###   ####
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ###    ###    ###    ###    ###
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ##########  ### ###  ##########
                                 ###   ###
                                ###     ###

                         Underground eXperts United

                                 Presents...

         ####### ## ##      #######     # #   ####### ####### #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####  ##           ## ##
         ####    ## ##      ####        # #   ####### ####### #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####       ## ##           ##
         ##      ## ####### #######     # #   ####### ####### #######

         [  End Of Noise  ]                       [  By Bravemoore  ]


    ____________________________________________________________________
    ____________________________________________________________________


End of Noise
by Bravemoore


*BAM*

"Damn those kids and their firecrackers!" his wife cried out. She had been
having a headache for three days now and the noise outside had gotten her
mad. Two of their five kids were sick, vomiting their guts out plenty of
times a day. Their other children were in their room, reading books. The
only thing disturbing the peace were those kids, shooting firecrackers.

   "I'll just go get some more juice, hon" he said, and closed the door
behind him before she had the chance to reply.
   Well outside, he went around the house and headed right for the
firecracker kids. They did not mind him, and kept on firing their black
powder devils as he came up to them. The two rascals were around thirteen
years old, and were having the time of their life.
   With his right hand, the man grabbed the shovel the kids had been using
to build a snow "castle" and smacked the closest kid right over the face
with it. The other kid was about to scream, but he got a piece of the
shovel too, right to the stomach.
   Both kids were now on the ground, squirming in the snow like worms on a
hook. For a moment, it was quiet, but the kid who got bitch slapped were
building up a serious cry attack. With another swift whack, the shovel dug
itself deep into the side of the kids head, splitting his ear exactly in
half. There were still some sound coming out the throat of him, but two
quick whacks to his head made him shut up.
   The other kid were laying on his side, still cramping from the blow and
trying to catch some air to breathe. Just able to breathe, the kid
whispered "heeelp". Will he ever be quiet? Grabbing the shovel with both
hands over his head, the man skillfully separated the boy's head from his
body after a few warming up blows. Two minutes later, the two dead bodies
were all covered in snow. No traces were visible of any disturbance, nor
any boys. He got to the store and bought two cans of orange juice.

   When he got back home, he heard the next door neighbors playing music
very loud. His wife still complained about her headache. Two of his kids
were still sick, while the rest of them were reading their books. The only
thing disturbing the peace were those neighbors, playing their loud music.

   "I'll go over to them and ask them to turn down the music, hon" he said
and closed the door behind him before she had the chance to reply. He
walked over to the neighbor's door and put his finger on the bell.
Incessant buzzing followed for one minute, until the door opened up and a
visibly very angry neighbor stuck out his ugly face.

   "Stop that! I'll kick your teeth in, motherfu..." the neighbor began,
when he was interrupted by the blow to the throat he just received. He fell
on his back, grabbing his throat. The calm man leaned over his shocked and
choking neighbor and said "you'll be quiet in a few minutes." He had just
finished the sentence when the big rottweiler charged at him, going for the
throat too. Instinctively, the man put his left arm in from of him, which
the dog happily sunk its teeth into. Despite the intense pain, the man
remained calm. With the dog still attached to his left arm, he forcefully
pressed the back of the dog's neck against himself with his other arm.
After that, a brutal push with his left arm forced the dog's head
backwards, and its life to end with a loud snap. The man left the
appartment, leaving a trail of blood behind him.

  At home, his wife were getting worse by the minute. His sick kids were
still vomiting, while the others read their books. The neighbor upstairs
were on the phone talking, no, screaming about this and that. Life's small
problems, blown up beyond regonition in what resembled a conversation.
The only thing disturbing the peace was that neighbor, letting the whole
house know about her problems.

  "I'll go up and tell her to keep it down a little, hon" he said and
closed the door behind him before she had the chance to reply.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 uXu #525              Underground eXperts United 1999              uXu #525
                     Call KASTLEROCK -> +1-724-527-3749
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
