
                                ###     ###
                                 ###   ###
                      ###   ####  ### ###  ###   ####
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ###    ###    ###    ###    ###
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ##########  ### ###  ##########
                                 ###   ###
                                ###     ###

                         Underground eXperts United

                                 Presents...

         ####### ## ##      #######     # #   ##   ## ####### #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####  ##   ## #    ## ##   ##
         ####    ## ##      ####        # #   #######   ####  #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####       ## #    ##      ##
         ##      ## ####### #######     # #        ## ####### #######

         [  Intruder Alert 1991-93  ]            [  By Clown Manne  ]


    ____________________________________________________________________
    ____________________________________________________________________



                                   Intruder Alert 1991-1993
                                   remembered by Clown Manne

"Art is fascism that requires strict dictatorship"; Swedish conceptual
artistic group Anal Intruders (notion snatched from a cinematographic
production named Top Secret) was formed with the intention of providing
society with false consciousness concerning the statement that moments of
terror being the beginning of life; intentionally, yet without declining
into open clarity of the obscure messages presented in their music.

                                   dad what does the word cock mean
                                   let me tell you
                                   bend over
          ('Child Abuse' 1991)     now you are a man

The AI crew went on with the body count at the ECES congress in Eskilstuna
1991, releasing their infamous KKK music disks 1-3; in charge of the
production one could find, among others, Kissblasan, Bajladan and
Rumpskagget. Immediately a huge success, the release stirred up some anger,
leading to the notorious clash between Anal Inspector and the Vodka Raiders
concerning the quality of the food served at Denny's Pizza Place.

                                   leave Sweden
                                   you damn black scum
                                   leave my tree alone
            ('U.O.D.' 1992)        yes I am a racist

The follow-up, KKK music disks 4-8, released at the Taurus party in Nybro
1992, went off with a bad start as the lead programmer of AI, MC Clerasil,
had some trouble constructing the code in such a way that the work of art
inevitably crashed; hard thinking and intentional bad coding thankfully
remedied the seemingly good work and turned the disks into the sought
result: constant crashes, living up to the motto of the AI crew: quality
sucks. In accordance with the artistic plan, locals of Nybro did not fancy
the works of AI, threatening Clownen Manne with guns and knives, demanding
the crew to withdraw the disks together with newly produced stickers and
banners. This demand was never met, and AI continued their crusade of
bizarredom to the other level of the game.

                                   let us visit the pig sty
                                   look there is piggy
                                   come here piggy
          ('Animal Sex' 1992)      I will give you some candy

The height of the times exploded in springtime 1993, as AI released their
final music disks, 9-12; and at the same time pulling the greatest stunt of
all time: the attack on Phenomena during The Gathering in Norway; where AI
released a megademo intended to win the demo compo, which it certainly did,
but in a slightly different way than usually expected. To celebrate the
success, founder and leader Kissblasan masturbated in public; later, he came
of with the bombastic idea of engineering his own party, which was held in
Vasteras.

                                   now we will go to the hospital
                                   look so many babies
                                   now we will have fontanel sex
     ('Maternity Hospital' 1993)   hand me the drill

A few months later, AI went live, as the program Kalla Fakta on Swedish
television channel four revealed the secrets of the computer underground
scene, playing AI tunes while stating "this is the worst thing I have ever
heard in my life." True as this statement might be, the connotations of it
mistook AI for a political movement dedicated to nazism and fascism, while
the truth was, and still is, that AI is not a political group, but an
artistic one, dedicated to the reckless critique of everything called good
taste; today not active anymore, AI marks the point where the alienation of
modern living twisted and turned into the knowledge that everything is
possible, anything goes.

                                   i want to feel your hands
                                   crush my balls
                                   feel the blood
     ('Homosexual Kjell' 1993)     stream down my shaved legs

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 uXu #439              Underground eXperts United 1998              uXu #439
                      Call RIPCO ][ -> +1-773-528-5020
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
