
                                ###     ###
                                 ###   ###
                      ###   ####  ### ###  ###   ####
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ###    ###    ###    ###    ###
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ##########  ### ###  ##########
                                 ###   ###
                                ###     ###

                         Underground eXperts United

                                 Presents...

         ####### ## ##      #######     # #   ####### ####### #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####  ##      ##   ## ##   ##
         ####    ## ##      ####        # #   ####### ##   ## #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####       ## ##   ##      ##
         ##      ## ####### #######     # #   ####### ####### #######

         [  While The Rest Of The World Is Asleep  ] [  By The GNN  ]


    ____________________________________________________________________
    ____________________________________________________________________



                   WHILE THE REST OF THE WORLD IS ASLEEP
                            by THE GNN/DCS/uXu


We were of the same age, but the distance between us were a billion light
years; metaphorically speaking of course - he stood right in front of me,
blocking my important path with his filthy beggar's hand.
   I sneered.
   "Spare some change? But seriously, do I look like I carry change?"
   He eyed me down from my expensive shoes via my expensive suit up to my
eyes, which he could not make contact with, as they were covered by a pair
of expensive sun glasses.
   "No..." he replied with a destroyed voice. "You don't, Sir."
   "And I guess you do not take VISA?"
   "We seldom do."
   "'We'?"
   "We on the outside."
   Then he put his unsanitary hand over the mouth and coughed bad for a
while. Revolting. Saliva dangled from his beard as he resumed the begging
position. No way I would walk around him; he had to move, he stood in my
way.
   "Right!" I said and drew my leather wallet out of a pocket.
   I pretended to dig around in it.
   "Change, let's see..."
   I handed him a bill. He stared at it. Then at me. It was as if he could
not believe that I had done it.
   "Take it!" I insisted. "Take it! Come on!"
   (I will soon get it back, I thought.)
   So he took it, saying thank you thank you sir thank you sir. And then he
quickly turned around and limped away before I changed my mind. But I had no
intention of changing my mind. The show had just begun. It was time to teach
this sad excuse for a human being a little lesson in contemporary life.
   I followed him from a safe distance. Everything turned out just as I had
expected. Longing for a hot meal, the man entered the nearest restaurant, a
simple diner. They threw him out at once. The man looked rather confused;
he did not understand. He would soon, I figured. He moved on. At some sleazy
burger joint, the chased him away with a baseball bat, throwing the notions
of 'parasite' and 'thief' to his back. He moved on. He went into a liquor
store to get something to drink. When he tried to pay, they did what all
other people at all other places had done: They threw him out. Labelled him
criminal. Refused to have anything to do with him.
   I approached as he was lying there crying on the pavement, moaning about
the lost paradise.
   "I don't get it..." he sobbed. "Why?" he asked me.
   "Inflexible logic. The world as we know it."
   Now he understood.
   It was time to end the show and take back what belonged to me. He had
learned his lesson. So I snatched my thousand dollar bill out of his hand
and left.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 uXu #509              Underground eXperts United 1999              uXu #509
                 Send your submissions to submission@uxu.org
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
