
                                ###     ###
                                 ###   ###
                      ###   ####  ### ###  ###   ####
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ###    ###    ###    ###    ###
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ##########  ### ###  ##########
                                 ###   ###
                                ###     ###

                         Underground eXperts United

                                 Presents...

         ####### ## ##      #######     # #   ####### ####### ##   ##
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####  ##      ##   ## ##   ##
         ####    ## ##      ####        # #   ####### ##   ## #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####       ## ##   ##      ##
         ##      ## ####### #######     # #   ####### #######      ##

         [  Micro$haft  ]                          [  By Stormavik  ]


    ____________________________________________________________________
    ____________________________________________________________________



||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
Microsoft, public enemy number one
||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
written by:Stormavik
||||||||||||||||||||



It seems now a day that Microsoft is everybody`s public enemy, ask any guy
on mIRC which hangs out on these hackers channels. They will all say the
same or think in the same direction, Microsoft is lame, I hate Microsoft,
even kids who never has tried nothing but Windows says the same, and the
common thing in this chaos is that they all want a Unix based OS. So why is
this???
Yes because we want to be real hackers, real hackers do not use Windows,
they use those colorful, secure, cool and fast operating systems called
Unix or Linux. I am sure that many guys who say that Microsoft and windows
sucks have never laid a finger on a keyboard which is connected to a Unix
OS. But of course many has, many has not. But why is Windows used so much,
it is because those r3a1 c00l w3 h4t3 w1nd0wz d00d`s can not operate
nothing else than Windows. And one thing I laugh at every time is all the
nick names that are used on Windows and Microsoft, I think I have heard at
least 50 versions of Windows and Microsoft. Names as Microshaft, Microshit,
Micro$oft and windblows,  windoze, window$, windies and many more names
that is the master creation of a r3a1 hax0r. It is like the flu, it spreads
quickly and painful. Okay I do not like Microsoft myself, but I have
reasons and I have this opinion because I think so myself and not because
some guy on irc says: I hate Micro$haft because they have monopoly. The
reason I think Microsoft is a bad software developer is because they always
got to stick with the releasing date on their products, and they cannot
wait to get there software ready, they just send it out when the releasing
date is clear, and afterwards send out like 100 updates on there software.
And not like UNIX who makes a good software, and do not release it before
it is ready for use. Monopoly, what is that??? A company who has monopoly
as I see it has to have people behind the, or with other words they need
users of there software. But who in this case supports the monopoly and
also is against it, then we are back to those guys who has moved into a
UNIX territory and still claim that Microsoft sucks. That is what I call a
double standard. Both supporting and using, a bad situation.
I myself has only used UNIX based OS a few times, I have had a Linux
partition and I have used openVMS/VMS before, but I like Windows as a kind
of service machine, and not as a big time server. And that is why I think
that Windows and Microsoft created the word PC(personal computer) and they
live on the same basis today, and it is because of YOU and ME they have
monopoly.


greets from:
Stormavik

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 uXu #504              Underground eXperts United 1999              uXu #504
          Call Postcards From The Edge BBS -> telnet pfte.iirg.org
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
