
                                ###     ###
                                 ###   ###
                      ###   ####  ### ###  ###   ####
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ###    ###    ###    ###    ###
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ##########  ### ###  ##########
                                 ###   ###
                                ###     ###

                         Underground eXperts United

                                 Presents...

         ####### ## ##      #######     # #   ##   ## ####### #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####  ##   ##      ## ##
         ####    ## ##      ####        # #   #######     ##  #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####       ##    ##   ##   ##
         ##      ## ####### #######     # #        ##   ##    #######

         [  Random Thoughts Of Bob Slack  ]        [  By Bob Slack  ]


    ____________________________________________________________________
    ____________________________________________________________________



Random thoughts of Bob Slack


I've been wondering lately, thinking, pondering something I think a lot of
you have done. Why am I here? Why are you here? What is the point of life?
Well, I think I have figured it out.

You see, I've always been the quiet type of person, always holding back when
oportinuties arise. Always letting fear guide my life, Is this the same with
the rest of us? How many people are truely brave?

I used to think thoughts like 'hey, i know what i'm doing' and 'get in with
the uXu, they will give you direction' and the like. Joining groups and
following leaders is what we all do best right? Who of us can truly tread
forth towards something original? What is original anyways, hasn't
everything already been done?

Why do we torture ourselves so much? It's all my fault i've not done
anything with my life. If i had been more steadfast i would be there now
instead of here. Look what i could have accomplished if i had just stuck
with that goal.

Is there a path we are set upon, or is it all some big coincidense? I don't
know half the things i used to. My grasp on reality, and wisdom is not
nearly what it was then, or perhaps all the sayings are true. Maybe I am
enlightened?

You know, look at the Internet, go ahead, look. Now go back five years in
your mind, if you can and look at it again. Isn't that great? How many
people do you think are working on the Internet as a whole, just by being
there?

With this pace of advancement where will we be tomorrow? The future is not
written yet, but if things keep advancing then who knows what we may be
doing tomorrow. Technology is also, flawed, look at who created it. Will the
flaws with the Internet grow as the size of it grows?

Now, look at people. Look at the human machine. It stays the same doesn't
it? It's nice to believe that we are advancing as a people but, are we
truely? Sure, there are good spirits and there are bad spirits, but aren't
they all the same thing? We all are both good and evil are we not?

All logic errors are intentional. All typos are irrelevent.

Quote the Bob Slack, Nevermore.


 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 uXu #476              Underground eXperts United 1998              uXu #476
                        Call RIPCO II -> 773-528-5020 
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
