
                                ###     ###
                                 ###   ###
                      ###   ####  ### ###  ###   ####
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ###    ###    ###    ###    ###
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ##########  ### ###  ##########
                                 ###   ###
                                ###     ###

                         Underground eXperts United

                                 Presents...

         ####### ## ##      #######     # #   ####### ####### #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####  ##           ## ##   ##
         ####    ## ##      ####        # #   ####### ####### #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####       ## ##           ##
         ##      ## ####### #######     # #   ####### ####### #######

         [  BBspam v0.1  ]                           [  By The uXu  ]


    ____________________________________________________________________
    ____________________________________________________________________


BBspam v0.1

Increased surveillance of common people in this day and date have made this
product necessary and acute. All the arguments against totalitarian state
control of the people, which through time have been very powerful and
shielded us against dystopia, seems to have been swept under the carpet and
forgotten. Why that is so is not clear. Perhaps we have been too spoiled
with all the goods our democratic societies have brought us, so that we
have slacked in protecting its internal principal borders.

We do no longer have to be criminals to fear being completely examined,
valued and controlled; modern technology has made it possible for any
state-paid civil servant to check everything we do. It does no longer take
hundreds of people to record an individuals life, merely some taps on a
keyboard.

Please note that we do not advocate the popular yet simplified "we and them"
caricatures in relation to definitions of "the state" and "the common
people"; i.e. that "the state" is an inherently evil conspiracy that does
everything they can to control and oppress "the common people" for fun. Such
descriptions will not fit the western world (Europe and USA) of today. Brave
New World and 1984 did not predict the future; and perhaps the reason why we
have overlooked what has actually happened is due to that we have stared us
blind on such publications, exaggerating their possibilities of predicting
the future.

Therefore this product is necessary. Its purpose is to distort certain parts
of the elegant machinery of surveillance that has been erected during the
past years. Its ultimate goal is to make the machines of control useless.
Not for the sake of criminals, but for the sake of the personal freedom of
common people.

Two objections will be raised against this product. Firstly, some will claim
such trite clichés that "it makes it hard for the police to catch real
criminals". Such people obviously forget that all wrong-doing against the
common people in this century have always been justified in those very
terms. "It is for your own good", "if you do nothing wrong, you have nothing
to fear", and so on. These are nothing more than clichés, and they have been
repeated over and over again through time by such organisations as CIA, KGB,
Stasi and Gehemie Stadspolizei - organisations filled to the limit with
people who seriously believe they work for "the public good".

Secondly, need not the police keep up with the sophisticated methods of
operations that criminals use today? Indeed. But to what extent? Do
criminals have access to hi-tech monitoring devices, radar and satellites?
Do they keep databases which tells you everything about a single individual,
all the way down to their shoe sizes? Of course not. The police is not
"keeping up" with the criminals of today. The police have outrun them
hundreds of miles ago. The reason why they still are not able to catch
criminals is because they are to occupied monitoring the wrong people.

Anyhow, none of these objections are interesting. This is certainly not a
controversial product. It will only serve its purpose if lots of people use
develop it (and now we are talking about much more people than all criminals
available in this world). And if lots of people use this product, have we
not found a good reason for believing that the common people of today do not
fancy the new world order that is being constructed this very minute?


===============================================

Program description.

There is Echelon. You have other nosy friends, employers, neighbors, ISPs.

There are several ways to attack this problem. One way is encryption,
another way is information overload. This product is a follower of the
latter. Ignoring the fact that someone is reading your private information
is not an option.

The following is from the BBspam package:

--
NOTE: This is a demonstration program. It is not a complete, nor perfect
      program package. There is little to no error handling and a lot of
      things are taken for granted. This is Intended Imperfect-Ware, to
      inspire/force others to do their own versions.

      The purpose of this program is solely to inspire others to create
      similar programs. The whole purpose of the BBspam concept is actually
      lost if there are only one or a few different programs to choose from.
      The more, the merrier - i.e., more problems for your favorite spying
      organization.
--


Explore it, understand it, install it. Love it.

Visit http://www.uXu.org/ for the BBspam program and news. As of now,
there is only a Linux/Unix version available, but a Windows version is
under development.

//Bravemoore, uXu Editor

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 uXu #529              Underground eXperts United 1999              uXu #529
                             http://www.uXu.org/
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
