
                                ###     ###
                                 ###   ###
                      ###   ####  ### ###  ###   ####
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ###    ###    ###    ###    ###
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ##########  ### ###  ##########
                                 ###   ###
                                ###     ###

                         Underground eXperts United

                                 Presents...

         ####### ## ##      #######     # #   ##   ## ####### #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####  ##   ## ##   ## ##
         ####    ## ##      ####        # #   ####### ####### #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####       ## ##   ##      ##
         ##      ## ####### #######     # #        ## ####### #######

         [  The Anatomy Of Hate (Revised)  ]         [  By The GNN  ]


    ____________________________________________________________________
    ____________________________________________________________________



                        THE ANATOMY OF HATE (REVISED)
                             by The GNN/DCS/uXu


                              Seven years later.


Hate is ceteris paribus a purely destructive desire; it does not aim to gain
something, but to get rid of something. A subject which directs its
consciousness towards an object (living or dead, physical or non-physical)
in hate regards it as something which must be destroyed, no matter of the
cost.
   (The notion bears a powerful quality, and is therefore often used even
though it is not apt. Statements that one "hates to mow the lawn", "hates
eggs", "hates bad weather", seldom (if ever) express a wish for the total
obliteration of that particular activity or object. The common use of "hate"
is synonymous with "annoyed". But I am here not interested in that common
use; I am interested in the true meaning of the concept.)
   Hate is part pain and part pleasure. A subject in hate suffers as the
targeted object is in fact around, but feels at the same divine as hate
produces an impression of omniscience. A subject in hate believes itself to
be the supreme judge of what is good and evil. It "knows" that the object
deserves to be hated.
   To be the only one who hates something is terrifying. It is a lonely
business, an internal rage which cries to get out. Since the hating subject
is fully convinced that it is justified in its beliefs of what is good and
evil, confrontation with opposing beliefs will lead to raw frustration.
Contra-arguments, no matter how sound and rational they might be, will not
be understood. A subject in hate protects itself; it is addicted to the
majestic sensation of being the ultimate judge, above all.
   While individual hate is frustrating, collective hate is relieving. To
find other people which desires the destruction of the same object
strengthens the belief that the hate is justified. Individuals might be
wrong, it can be argued, but a collective is always right - simply because
it is a collective. Subjects in collective hate injects more reasons for
hate in their fellows, and are thanked with the same treatment.
   But subjects in hate need not only be encouraged in their destructive
desires by equals. Empty statements - common today - like "a firm opinion is
better than no opinion", or "it is always good to believe in something", is
often misinterpreted to justify any opinion or belief.
   As it is often a big gap between beliefs and motivation, and motivation
no guarantee for action, hate need not necessarily lead to practice. But
when such beliefs come to action, it is not certain that the hated object
will be the target. A victim of hate need not be the intended object; it is
enough that it symbolizes it, even though it is neither similar to it, nor
even resembling it.
   Some people say that we all need to hate something now and then, that it
is "in our nature", that "it is utmost necessary for being able to love",
"that it protects fine values against evil forces", and so on. But those who
claim such ridiculous things have obviously never experienced true hate. If
they had - and been able to get out of it - they would understand that it is
not some hard-wired feature of our mind, nor a necessary condition for a
good life. Hate is nothing more than a psychological disposition, created
and upheld by ignorance. Its one and only justification is - and this is a
vicious circularity - itself. It is unfortunately impossible to tell how to
get someone out of hate; one can only hope that it will fade away. If hate
is met with hate, nothing is achieved - one will merely engage in a battle
which is already lost.
   Hate is the ultimate failure of the individual, and its pragmatic
effects - murder, rape, war, massacre, genocide, et cetera - are the
ultimate failures of mankind.


                                First version of this text was written 1991
                                and published 1992 by the uXu (UXU-043).

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 uXu #485              Underground eXperts United 1999              uXu #485
                    Call THE YOUNG GODS -> +351-1XX-XXXXX
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
