
                                ###     ###
                                 ###   ###
                      ###   ####  ### ###  ###   ####
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ###    ###    ###    ###    ###
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ##########  ### ###  ##########
                                 ###   ###
                                ###     ###

                         Underground eXperts United

                                 Presents...

         ####### ## ##      #######     # #   ####### ####### #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####  ##      ##   ## #    ##
         ####    ## ##      ####        # #   ####### #######   ####
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####       ## ##   ## #    ##
         ##      ## ####### #######     # #   ####### ####### #######

         [  Listen!  ]                                 [  By Freon  ]


    ____________________________________________________________________
    ____________________________________________________________________



Listen!
by Freon


        Listen: ...

        D'you hear it?  It said ... - it's crying for help.  All it needs is
someone to listen to it, hear it, take it seriously once in a while. It just
needs you to think about it now and then, not all the time, just now and
then, and tell someone else about it.  Tell them to listen too.

        Wait, there it is again.  Listen...

        It's saying you shouldn't drive to work today. You shouldn't drive
*ever*. I mean, of course it's easy to say that's impractical. You need your
car. We all need our cars. Without them, we wouldn't be able to get around -
we'd be trapped in our home towns. We'd have to walk everywhere. We really
do need our cars.

        But it's asking you to stop using them. And to stop using your
computers too. Get rid of them. And electric light bulbs and heaters and air
conditioning - just stop using them. We need them too, of course. We'd be
lost without them. Obviously we can't do that. But listen...

        It's saying get rid of the nuclear power stations, at least. They
leak. They produce waste that stays dangerous for five hundred years or
more. Without fast breeders, we can't get rid of that waste in any way - and
with fast breeders, we're constantly risking a nuclear explosion.

        But we need nuclear power stations too. From where else are we going
to get all the electricity we need to keep today's modern world working
smoothly? We can't use coal fired power stations forever. There's just not
enough coal; and anyway, there's acid rain to think about. Wait, it's
talking again... listen...

        It says at least get rid of the Japanese fast breeders, then. Get
rid of the ones along the Japanese coast, the ones on the fault line. Next
big earthquake, it says, will probably kill us all. But we can't tell the
Japanese what to do - and anyway, they need them.

        It says at least get rid of the nuclear weapons then.

        But we need them, too. Without them - there'd be chaos! Give one
schoolboy a hand grenade and you'll have to hand them out to the whole
class. They aren't weapons, they're warnings. Who's going to be the first
schoolboy to get rid of his grenade? We need them to defend our countries,
don't we?  Wait - listen...

        It says invention is the mother of necessity.

        What is it?

        It's the voice of all creation.

        And no-one's listening.



                                        http://www.nkpwhq.com/~freon/

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 uXu #583              Underground eXperts United 2001              uXu #583
                      Call RIPCO ][ -> +1-773-528-5020
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
