
Dear Missy,      Picture yourself 
visiting your Aunt Janey and I in Ann 
Arbor
and we have all enjoyed a nice movie 
together and now are at the malt shop.  
You were bratty about blowing bubbles 
with the straw in your malted and to top
it off, you refused to curtsy to Aunt 
Janey after your treat - just because 
there were oth
er people in the restaurant.  Back at 
our room you were still adamant, and 
when I explained that since you had been
rude to your Aunty, you could just go 
over her knees for a little warm up in 
good manners.  You just stamped your 
foot and refuse
d.  I can't let my darling niece grow up
so spoiled and unappreciative, so I step
in and lay down the law.  I finish our 
talk by talking you snugly over my lap 
and spanking you.  I spank and scold 
until you are ready to apologize to Aunt
Janey an
d then I spank some more.   I am sitting
on the edge of the bed, and you are over
my knee for some minutes after the 
spanking getting yourself under control 
and feeling very naughty for your 
behavior.  Just when you think I am 
going to pull your
 panties up and release you, you hear me
ask Aunt Janey if should wouldn't like 
to sit down next to me and give you the 
next part of your spanking herself. "The
next part!," you cry out.  But she does 
just that.  And, her spanks are not as 
hard a
s mine, but they are crisp and business 
like, and do sting.  You are sorry for 
being naughty in the restaurant, and 
sorry for being defiant to your Aunty 
when she wanted to correct you, and 
sorry for everything a naughty and 
properly punished you
ng lady could ever be.       Now we 
return to the restaurant for coffee and 
oh my - isn't our lovely niece a changed
young lady.  Sitting there in white 
gloves and so polite.  Its thank you to 
the waitress for this, and thank you for
that, and m
ay I please have more, and may I please 
be excused to go potty, and may I and 
thank you Uncle Sandy, thank you Aunt 
Janey.  And, when we get up to leave, 
your Aunt Janey and I just want to hug 
you  for the darling way you go up from 
your seat an
d courtsey to and thank both of us.  We 
see you to your room and you change into
your jammies for bed, but before we 
leave, Aunt Janey sits down in the 
straight backed chair and calls you 
over.  There are hugs and close sharing 
of feelings, and y
ou become very meek and compliant when 
she takes you over her lap.  You blush 
incredibly knowing that I am watching, 
even though I have already seen and 
spanked your bummy myself.      You seat
is still nice and warm and she only has 
to smack li
ghtly to make her point. You just give 
into the feeling and let yourself go as 
the naughty little girl in you comes to 
realize the special mystique of not only
feminine discipline, but loving 
discipline administered by your Uncle 
and Aunt of choi
ce.

