Copyright © 1997, Dorian Gray,    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.





Note: I expanded and edited "Mom, My Cousin, and Me" by Jack Paterno and
Jason Bourney. This revison is told exclusively from the cousin's point of
view and focuses only on the aunt and the cousin, not the son. I apologize
for taking the authors' story and modifying it.

Marcie, Part 1 of 2

I saw the car pull up and ran out to greet Paul and his mother, my sexy
Aunt Marcie. I opened the door for her and watched her legs as she got
out. 

"Why, thank you, Tim." What service. What a gentlemen you are."

By placing myself forward and behind the door, I was able to get a peak at
her silky pink legs above the hem of her short black skirt. As she lifted
her right leg out and placed it down on the ground, for a brief moment her
legs were apart until she swung the other over and down. Had it been been
a stranger or anyone else but me helping her out, would she have been more
careful, more ladylike? I wondered. Or was she even aware that I was
staring at her legs at all?

During that brief moment I got a good look, indeed, at Marcie's sexy legs.
A damn good thing I had remembered to flip on the outside floodlight or
else I would have seen nothing but shadows between her legs! As it was, I
saw a flash of white flesh where her pink stockings ended on her thighs.
The stockings were held by by black straps. Damn! She was wearing garters!
And with her husband out of town! And where her legs came together, I saw
the silky white crotch of her thin, lace-trimmed panties. God, what I
wouldn't give for a better, longer view! My cock was already hard!

Although I had been with a few young teenage girls, I had never made love
to a mature woman. The idea of fucking a sexy lady nearly twice my age was
stimulating. Even more erotic was the idea of doing something I shouldn't,
like committing incest, especially with someone, for instance, like
fucking my Aunt Marcie full of cum!

Paul and I were trapped on a Friday night at my parents' dull party. We
were the only teenagers there. I had just got an apartment, and we were
planning to room together while attending a college nearby in the fall.
Paul had just graduated from high school, and I had somehow made it
through my first year of college.

I loved watching Marcie. She was the only person at the party worth
looking at. God damn, she was sexy. Was it my imagination, or was she was
always teasing me? Sometimes she would accidentally bump into me and brush
her big tits against my chest. After a few drinks she'd even make
suggestive comments and giggle. Was she aware of the effect she was having
on me? It is so much more exciting than fooling around with a teenybopper,
even if she is my aunt, and a woman old enough to be my mother! 

I remembered how we had danced on New Year's Eve. Uncle Jack was more
interested in getting potted than in dancing, and Marcie begged me to
dance with her, practically pulling me out on the crowded, noisy dance
floor.

That night she had worn a flowing spectacular red dress. It was loose at
the top, revealing the tops of her huge breasts. She had been drinking a
lot and was tipsy, at times nearly tripping over herself and falling,
grabbing me at times and holding on for dear life. She giggled and smiled
and seemed to be having a wonderful time.

During slow dances she had at first insisted that I hold her arm out in
classic ballroom style, but as the evening worn on, she finally consented
to having me put both my arms around her, pulling her in close.

I loved the feel of her soft breasts against my chest, and damn if I
couldn't feel her hard, pointed nipples harder under the thin fabric of
her dress. During one slow dance I got a good look down the top of her
dress. I saw a white lacy bra that appeared to offer bottom support but
was open at the top. Over the bra she was wearing a lacy white slip or
half-slip. Whenever she leaned forward, if I was directly above or a
little above and back, I got glimpses of her aureola and brown nipples
sticking out firmly like erasers on the end of pencils. God, how I wanted
to suck on them!

I loved her sweaty, feminine smell when I held her close, her perfume,
even the smell of liquor on her breath. She sounded particularly sexy when
she was getting so drunk that she started slurring some of her words.
During one slow number I began licking her ears and gently blowing hot air
into it.

"Tim, what are doooing? Stop! You shouldn't. I'm not your girl friend. I'm
your aunt. Stop that right now."

But I kept on doing it, and after a few moments she started making low
moaning sounds and stopped complaining altogether. It was obvious that she
was getting turned on.

During another slow dance I pressed her chest against me tightly and
manfully moved her like my little fuck toy, making her tits rub back and
forth across my chest. I loved feeling her breasts flatten out against my
warm chest.

Her breath became ragged, especially when I when dropped my hands lower
behind her back, down until they rubbed against the sides and backs of her
thighs, feeling where her stockings stopped, feeling her garters, and the
sides of her panties. I wondered what color they were. God, I'd love to
pull the crotch of her panties aside and lick her pussy and make her cum!
And then damned if I wouldn't fuck her to within an inch of her life!

Because the dance floor was so crowded, so noisy, and so dark except for
sparkles from a mirror ballno one was paying us any notice.

I cupped her ass cheeks and pressed her against my crotch and humped her a
little through the fabric of their clothes. My cock was rock hard, wanting
so badly to explode. God, what I wouldn't give for a chance to get her
alone and pump my cum into her!

"TIm, what are you dooooing?" she said in weak protest, but her body, too,
was moving of his own volition, rubbing back and forth against me.

When she opened her mouth again to speak, I bent down and covered her lips
with my open mouth. For a second or two she resisted, weakly trying to
pull away, but I held her tightly. Finally, she whimpered, relaxed, and
allowed me to suck on her lips and put my tongue in her mouth. She moaned
and started licking me with her tongue, too, as our bodies kept undulating
against each other.

If only I could get her alone! I would fuck her brains out for sure and
not take no for an answer! But the music stopped, the band announced a
break, and everyone started walking off the dance floor, which allowed
Marcie to break away. "I've got to go to the ladies' room. I'll meet you
back at the table." I was left in the middle of the dance floor, alone,
except for a huge throbbing erection in my trousers.

Shortly afterwards it was near midnight and everyone stayed at the table,
blowing noisemakers and acting crazy as they counted down the final
seconds of the old year. When everyone started jumping around, screaming
"Happy New Year!" and kissing one another, I got a quick, sloppy kiss from
Marcie, who then whispered in my ear, "You're such a naughty boy. But this
is our secret. Please don't tell anybody what happened out on the dance
floor. Thank you for making your old aunt feel soooooooo gooood tonight."

"Hey, Tim, I've got a big favor to ask you." Paul's words interrupted my
sweet memory. "It's been a long day for me, but Mom's still going strong.
Would you be willing to drive her home later when she's ready?"

"Sure, man, no problem." Would I mind? If he only knew how much I wanted
to fuck his mother silly, he'd have thought twice!

Paul asked Marcie if it was okay, and she agreed. "Hey, I have an idea,"
she said. "If you're still up when we get home, maybe the three of us
could play some games or watch a video together on TV." 

"Sure, Mom, if I'm still up. Don't forget, I've got to get up early
tomorrow." Paul waved to us and left.

Marcie walked up to me, pressing her tits into my chest, and whispered in
my ear. "It looks like I'm yours for the rest of the night. I want you to
take good care of me." She smiled and walked off and began talking to some
people on the other side of the room.

Don't worry, Marcie. I plan to take good care of you tonight, very good
care of you. You can depend on it. My cock was hard and throbbing at the
thought.

Her suggestion about watching videos appealed to me, but I wanted to get
her alone. What fun could I have if Paul was still up? How would he feel
about watching his his mother get banged silly by her nephew? And if Paul
were asleep, what I could then? She'd probably ask me to leave, and if she
didn't, any noise we'd make would quickly wake him up.

Maybe we could go somewhere and park? No, she wouldn't go for that. She's
no teenager, that's for sure!

My new apartment! I had to get her over there. More privacy, more control,
no easy escapeand no one to be bothered by a little noise.

A little later Marcie was ready to leave, and I suggested we stop by and
rent a couple of videos to watch. She stayed in the car while I ran in and
came quickly out with two movies.

"You know, Aunt Marcie, you've never seen my new apartment where Paul and
I will be rooming. Why don't we swing by so I can show it to you? Paul's
probably asleep by now, and we could watch the videos there and not wake
him up. I've even got a little wine in the frig. What'd you say?"

"Well, since your uncle's off to a business convention for a week, I ought
to be entitled to some fun, too, shouldn't I? So let's go. This is like a
date. I haven't been out on any dates since I used to go out with your
uncle before we got married." She turned a little red. "I really used to
like those," and she blushed even more.

As we walked in the apartment, I took a good look at Paul's mother, and I
had to admit, I liked what I saw. She's shortjudy slightly over five feet
tall. She was wearing a fairly short black skirt and high heels, with pink
stockings that looked great on her big, full legs. She was also wearing a
tight white blouse that emphasized her breasts. Marcie's knockers didn't
need to be emphasized. The way those tight jugs of hers jiggled and
bounced would draw attention if she were wearing a burlap sack.

Marcie sat down next to me on the small couch in front of the TV. I
immediately handed her some wine. I hope this will help loosen up your
sweet lips, Marcie! She smiled at me like a naughty schoolgirl."Honey,
please don't tell your uncle about my drinking. He doesn't like it, and I
don't handle it well at all, OK?" I nodded and smiled back. She was
already a bit gone and this would really do her in. I could hardly wait.

Her life with my Uncle Jack had apparently conformed into a boring routine
over the years. Without realizing it, she had devoted her life to him and
her children while he had become almost totally involved in a successful
business career. Neither was really at fault, but they had just kind of
slipped into their roles. Therapy and self-evaluation wasn't on their
agenda, and they were into the typical 40's and 50's male/female roles.
So, while they still loved each other, the magic had just faded away
without their realizing it. I thought my aunt had become disappointed with
the lack of passion as a result, but whether she realized it or not, her
life was about to change tonight, and it certainly wouldn't be lacking in
passion!

As we waited for the movie to begin, I noticed that Marcie was becoming a
little careless with her skirt. She was definitely showing a lot more of
her full, stocking-clad thighs than was normal. I kept eyeing her legs and
brushing my hand up against her knees every time I had the chance. But,
nice leg-show or not, it was Marcie's fucking tits that really got my
attention first. I watched them jiggle and bounce whenever she moved, and
I could barely take my eyes off themeven though I obviously wanted to get
my hands on her legs, too.

I turned the lights down and lit some incense in an ashtray to set a
pleasant mood. "So, what'd you get?" Marcie asked. When I said Basic
Instinct, Marcie got a bit red in the face, and said she hadn't seen it
but had heard it was a bit risqué and wasn't sure this was a good movie to
be watching with her teenaged nephew.

"We're both adults", said I, "and it's supposed to be a real
thriller.""Oh, well, then I guess it's OK, but you'd better behave
yourself. She didn't know that it would be followed by a triple X-rated
movie, Femme, which I had heard got women really turned on.

As we were watching the movie, I kept her glass full of wine and had her
laughing at my jokes. After about three glasses, Marcie was starting to 
feel no pain and started telling off-color jokes of her own. We kept laughing 
almost the whole time through movie. I was genuinely happy to see Marcie
so loose and enjoying herself so much.

Marcie was getting giggly, and I kept telling her how beautiful and sexy
she was. "This wine is going to end up making me sleepy," she said with a
yawn, and her words came out a little slurred. "I won't be any company for
you if I fall alseep."

As the movie played and it got to the erotic parts, I could tell Marcie
was getting turned on by the way she kept moving her thighs back and
forth. I placed one arm behind Marcie, and every time I spoke to her about
the movie I put the other hand on her knee. She didn't seem to mind, and
finally I just left it there and stroked her knee and the top of the thigh
just above it. We kept sipping more wine, and Marcie was really enjoying
herself. 

She started to lean into me, which I took as an encouraging move and
leaned over and kissed her. Marcie kind of looked puzzled for a moment,
but then kissed me back in a kind of peck and smiled at me as she said,
"You better watch it; I might think you are getting the hots for your old
aunt."

"You may be my aunt, but you are definitely not old, and you look as foxy
as any 20 year old. I could go for a lady as sexy and sharp as you." 

"Oh, you!" she said, and leaned over and gave me another kiss. This time I
put his arms around her and didn't let her pull away. She kind of
struggled to get away, but the kiss got to her. "You naughty boy," she
said, and began to kiss me back. 

However, as soon as I really started to put my tongue into her mouth, she
pushed me away. "You are really something, but I don't think this is
proper, so you just sit here and behave yourself. With that she slid over
a foot or so. "My goodness! I think my nephew likes older women."

By this time the first movie had finished. Back to giggling, Marcie wanted
to know what was coming up next, and I said it was a movie about
fantasies. This seemed to strike her as a good subject for a movie. "What
kind of fantasies?"

I said I wasn't sure but that it was put together by a woman and also
directed by a woman. Marcie laughed and said she thought she might really
like this as women make more sensitive movies, but that I might get bored since as a
man I couldn't really appreciate the emotional aspects of women.

I chuckled, and said "You might be right, Aunt Marcie, but I might be more
sensitive and understanding than you think. I think you will all find this
an interesting movie." 

I put my right hand on the side of her neck and just stroked it lightly.
She reacted by moving her head over against my shoulder and just kind of
moved it back and forth slowly against it.

The movie started slowly, but when a man appeared out of a television
screen and began to strip, Marcie was really began paying attention. When
he took off his last piece of clothing and was standing there in the nude,
Marcie just looked glassy eyed at the screen and kind of went "uuhh" and
sunk into my side even more. As the actor started to undress the woman,
Marcie really started to make little moaning sounds as the movie really
was affecting her now, and the wine had completely lowered her defenses. 

I looked at my aunt and said I was tired and could I lie down and put my
head in her lap. I think Marcie was a little relieved, thinking, I
suppose, that I'd stay still and behave and she could enjoy the movie
without me observing her reactions. By now Marcie was completely involved
in the movie, so she just nodded OK.

As I put my head in Marcie's lap, I may have been a lot of things but
sleepy wasn't one of them. At first I put his head down facing the movie
screen, but as Marcie squirmed and moved around as a result of watching
the movie, I turned my head toward her lap and snuggled into her.

Marcie was so involved that she didn't notice this maneuver, but she was
by now holding me close, and I was totally aroused.

I was pleased with how the evening was progressing, so far. Marcie was
bored and obviously looking for a little excitement. She was in a
semi-drunken huggy-kissy mood, and she apparently felt safe to flirt a
little as long as she remained in control. And she was obviously enjoying
teasing me. And she was drinking a lot of wine. Soon she would be too
intoxicated to think clearlyor resist forcefully or convincingly.

I had my face on Marcie's lap, right above her pussy area, which lay just
under the layers of cloth of her skirt, slip, and lacy white panties. I
breathed in deeply, and, I could definitely smell her musty, feminine
fragrance filtering up through the layers of cloth. God, it smelled
sooooooooo good and got me so excited. I rolled my head a little, which
caused her open her legs a little more, and now her scent was even
stronger. I touched her stocking-covered knees and the tops of her thighs
and gently rubbed my hand along the tops of skirt-covered upper thighs
that led to where her legs came together.

One thing was for certain. I wouldn't be satisfied tonight until I had
finally fucked Marcie for once and for all and fucked her real good. She
was no teenager. And tonight no one was chaperoning or protecting her. I
realized that I simply had to be patient, perhaps for a little longerbut
not much longer.

The movie had now progressed to the couple's beginning graphic foreplay.
When the couple began to perform oral sex on each other, Marcie seemed to
shake and quiver a bit. "You mustn't watch this; it's perverted. Only sick
people do that!"

I asked her if she had ever tried it, something I never before would have
asked my aunt. " Of course not!" Her strong response surprised me. Well,
even if she had negative feelings against oral sex, she was becoming very
aroused.

I raised up a little and held her tight against me, and I could feel her
erect nipples through her blouse and bra. They were like hot pebbles
against my cheek. I turned into her neck and began to nuzzle her ear,
which further aroused her, but she never turned away from the movie
screen.

I now started moving one hand up and down the top of her thighs, which
caused Marcie's legs to open and close with excitement. I moved one hand
to her breast and started to fondle it, to which Marcie really let out a
loud moan.  But then she suddenly became aware of her me and placing her
hand on mine, she moved it down off her breast and to her side. "Please,
don't act naughty," she said, and turned her attention back to the movie
where the couple were just beginning to join in coitus.

As the man in the movie put his cock at the entrance to the woman's vagina
and slowly pushed in, Marcie gripped me firmly. I again moved my hand to
her breast and ran it lightly across its surface. This time she simply
moaned. "Ooooohhh, OK, but nothing else; it's just while we enjoy the
moviethen you have to stop this. I can't believe you are doing this to me
and that I am letting you. This movie is just affecting me so much I don't
know what I'm doing."

Then I suddenly planted another kiss right on Marcie's lips. At first she
gasped and gurgled and half-yelped, and I thought she was going to pull
away or stand up or even smack me or something. But then she suddenly quit
complaining and began kissing me back. Her arms slid around my neck as she
did.

As I kissed her, I got a huge handful of one of her big tits and squeezed
and fondled it to beat hell before she finally jerked away from me and
planted herself back toward the other end of the sofa.

I slid over beside her and put my mouth back on hers. She made a pleasant
little sound of surprise, and then damned if she didn't kiss me back the
same way. Her mouth opened and mine opened, and it all felt sexy as hell.

As I kept kissing her, I boldly started unbuttoning her blouse and got
away with getting it wide open all the way down to her waist before she
even seemed to notice, and at that point she pulled her mouth away from
mine. She looked really sexy to me then, even though she was my aunt, with
her brassiere-clad breasts exposed and her waist showing in her opened
blouse.

She grew really indignant then and told me in no uncertain terms what she
thought of my actions. But I noticed that she didn't do a thing about
buttoning her blouse back up, even while she was raising hell. And all the
time she was bitching, I was seeing so much of her cleavage that I was
having trouble keeping my cock from bursting my pants.  She might be my
aunt but my cock didn't care a bit. Seeing the way her tits overflowed her
brassiere was hell of an erotic sight! Through the thin white material of
her bra I could see the shadow of her stiff brown nipples pressing against
the fabric.

I just laughed at her as she gave me hell, offered her another glass of
wine, and told her she was fun to tease. Soon I had not only sweet-talked
Marcie out of being upset but she was giggling and letting me kiss her
again and her blouse was still wide open.

Then, as we giggled and smooched, I slid my hands behind her, caught her
brassiere snaps, and undid them.  Marcie squealed again wound up in my
arms as I stifled her complaints with a kiss. She whimpered a little and
complained about what I'd done to her, but she soon stopped complaining
and snuggled in for still more smooching.

The scene was way beyond my wildest dreams. This was my sexy Aunt Marcie I
was kissing on the sofa alone in my apartment, and not only did she forget
about her unsnapped brassiere, but she kept darting her tongue in and out
of my mouth as I kissed her. I kept fondling her legs as we necked, and
little by little I kept easing her skirt higher up her full, voluptuous
thighs.

As we kissed, I moved one of her arms out away from her neck and then
repeated the process with her other arm, and Marcie looked as if she
wondered what I was doing. I then put my hands on her bare shoulders, and
Marcie realized that I had taken her blouse all the way off of her.

When I saw her blouse on the floor of my apartment, I almost choked. What
the hell would her old man do if he saw what was happening? How about her
son Paul? Here was Marcie, intoxicated and alone in his apartmenther
skirt was almost all the way up to her big, delectable ass. Her blouse was
completely off her, and, as I kept staring at her tits, I was determined
that she was about to lose her brassiere, too.

My cock got harder at the thought of those sweet melons being exposed. For
a moment I tried to tell myself I shouldn't think those kinds of thoughts
about my own aunt, but I still thought them anyway. Then I made a smooth
move with my hands and Marcie gasped and knew it had happened.

She looked down, and sure as hell, her brassiere was on the floor of the
apartment, too. Her firm breasts were completely exposed.

As I stared at Marcie's breasts with their erect nipples, I began to
groan, too, because those sweet jugs could be featured in any tit magazine
in the world. Those afternoons at the gym had really paid off as she
looked like a young girl rather than a 37-year-old mother. My aunt at
that!

Some people will say that I should have tried to stop things. After all,
this is aunt that I was undressing. I even thought about thatas I reached
for her gorgeous breasts, unable to resist copping a feel of those lovely
melons. Then I touched the stiffness of her erect nipples, and she moaned
in response to my fingers, and I totally forgot about stopping things.

Marcie moaned something about going home as I gleefully fondled her tits,
but there wasn't any conviction in her tone at all, and I knew she didn't
mean a word of it.

For a few seconds I was so in awe of Marcie's bodacious knockers that I
just wanted to stare at them and admire them. But now I was a little child
who had been denied dessert for too long. I put his mouth over one of her
breast and started sucking away while kneading the other tip.

"Oh, Tim, what are you dooooooooooing," Marcie moaned. You can look at my
breasts if you like, but don't, ohhhhhhhhhh, don't, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, suck
on them or play with them asohhhhhhhhhhhhyou're doing now. It's driving
me crazy! Oooooooooooooooooo."

But I was not about to stop. I sucked from one to the other and then
stretched the two nipples close together so that I could run my tongue
back and forth across them both at the same time.

"Oh, please, don't, please stop sucking my tits." Marcie started shaking
all over. "You're making me tingle all over, especially down here," she
said, rubbing one hand across her crotch area outside her dress.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, you shouldn't be doing this to me."

"Remember when we were dancing New Year's Eve, and I kept rubbing your
tits against my chest? I wanted sooooooooooo much to pull down the top of
your dress and get at them like this." And I again began a furious
licking, squeezing assault on her nipples.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, yes, I remember," Marcie said. "Well, are you happy now?
You ought to be, you naughty boy, because you are sucking them
sooooooooooooooooooooo gooooood. I didn't know you wanted to suck my
breasts. Ooooooooooooooooooo, yes, I want you to do this. Keep sucking.
You can suck your Marcie's tits as much as you want, but
pleeeeeeeeeeeeeease, don't stop. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Is this what you
wanted? Is it? Do you enjoy making me crazy like this? Oooooooooooo."

"Yes, Marcie, I love it," I answered. "I love sucking your tits. I could
do this all night if you want me to. They are sooooooooooo sweet. With
your perfume they taste a little like strawberries. Mmmmmmmmmmmm!"

I then started moving a hand on her legs. I kept up my movement on her
breasts with my other hand and heard her moan softly; she arched her back
to move them tighter into my hand.  She didn't seem to notice my other
hand on her legs as it slowly moved under the hem of her skirt. From her
lack of resistance as I slid my hand over her thighs and hips, I knew that
I'd soon be seeing more than her legs and tits, and I was all for it.

I saw where her pink stockings ended on her thighs where her garter straps
were attached. I saw her skirt inch up past the top of her thighs until
the crotch of her silky white panties was clearly visible. As her legs
opened and closed, I was presented with close-up glimpses of her entire
panty-covered crotch. The panty fabric was so thin that I expected to see
evidence of her pubic hair underneath, but I didn't. I could see a small
swelling in the crotch area, evidence of some moisture there, and the
faint outline of her lips and slit. As I leaned over for a close look, I
suddenly smelled her sweet aromatic feminine scent, and it nearly drove me
out of my mind with excitement.

As my hand was moving to stroke her pubic area over her panties, suddenly
her hips jumped, and she pleaded, "Please, please stop now, I, I, you
can't do this," and she tried to get up. "You can touch my breasts if you
want to. I'll even let you suck on them and play with them as much as you
want, but please don't touch me down there. It's not right.
Pleeeeeeeeeeeeease don't. I won't be able to stand it if you do."

As her legs moved apart, my hand slid between her thighs and my finger
tips began gently stroking back and forth against the outside of the
crotch of her damp white panties.. 

"Noooooooooo! Please don't do this," she whimpered. "It's wrong. I can't
let you dooooooooooo this to me. Oooooooooh."

I once again began to fondle her breasts and pull on her nipples. Her face
was tense and although she still was trying to get up I could feel her
resistance weaken. Finally with a deep sigh she relaxed back into the
seat. My hands were now free to roam all over her thighs.

I pushed some of the crotch of her white panties into her slit and then
rubbed in little circular motions where he knew her clit was

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, nooooooooo, that feels sooooooo goooooooood."
 
I was shaking with excitement and disbelief. My cock was so hard I could
hardly stand it. I thought I was going to come right then.

I was out of my mind with excitement. I was finally touching my Aunt
Marcie in her most intimate, feminine area of her body. And I was finally
going to get a close-up view of her pink pussy.

I finally pulled the damp crotch of her white panties to one side. "Wow,
look at your sexy cunt!" I said, as I eased Marcie onto her back on the
couch. " You don't have a hair on it! That's the sweetest pussy I ever saw
in my life!"

Marcie not only wore garters and sexy panties, she also shaved her pussy!

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, please don't do that! I'm shy! I don't want you exposing
my pussy and looking at it. Ohhhhhhhhh. Close your eyes, Tim."

But my eyes were open wide as I now moved her moist cunt lips apart with
my fingers, exposing the wet smaller lips underneath and her star-shaped
hole to her pink moist cunt. I easily slid in one and and then two
fingers, and started moving them slowly back and forth. "I love finger
fucking your sweet pussy, Marcie."

"Oh, don't talk like that," Marcie groaned.  "We have to stop dooooooooing
this. This has gone way too far."

[story concluded in Part 2]



--



Marcie--Part 2 of 2

I captured a nipple in my mouth and looked down at her cunt as I did. Her
thick cunt lips were as smooth as a young girl's. Her excitement showed as
they glistened in the reflected light from the slick moisture covering
them.

Marcie groaned as I kept opening her snatch and admiring it, but she
didn't once make a move to cover herself. She just closed her eyes and
kept moaning. As I chewed one of her big nipples, her deep groans of lusty
pleasure drove me wild.

"Oh, don't suck on my breast like that, Honey," she whimpered, "Oh . . .
don't touch me like that, oh myyyy! I can feel it my pussy when you do
that. It makes me all wet and tingley."

Sure as hell I was soon pulling Marcie's damp pink panties down around her
ankles and ignoring her moaning protests. I spread her legs wide apart and
knelt down with my face right over her hairless pink cunt.

I then slid my tongue up and down her grove and stuck it in her hole as
far I could. When I uncovered her clitoris and began licking it, she
jumped so much she almost threw me off. She slapped lightly at my head and
opened her eyes. "What are you doing? Ohhhhhh, you really are a nasty boy.
You just go back to watching the movie."

What a joke! Marcie was now in denial and just trying to make the proper
responses, but the responses she really was getting were from her body and
she could no longer control them. She then put her head against the back
of the couch while my head returned to move up her chest and at reaching
her erect nipples I began to suckle, all the while using one hand strongly
now to pinch the nipple on her other breast and using my other hand to
slowly finger fuck her pussy.

After a momentary pause, I went back down and was once more licking and
sucking and lapping at Marcie's excited cunt. Marcie then just kind of
sagged back into the couch, gave up completely any resistance, and started
making little cooing  and mewing noises, "Ooohhh, oooohh, oh, god,
oooohhhh, oooooooooooooo, yes, ooooh."

I pulled her shoulders down to the seat of the couch, which afforded me
more room, and after a perfunctory move to stop me, Marcie again closed
her eyes. I put one of her legs up on the back of the couch. This had the
effect of opening her cunt, and I took every advantage as I dived back
upon it and proceeded to lick and suck it her cunt with wet slurping
sounds. She started to rock her hips and wave her thighs in time with my
actions. 

I was in heaven. I was licking the spread, tender pink pussy lips of my
Aunt Marcie! Oh, god, her pussy tasted soooooooooo good, sweeter than
honey. I would start at the top of her hairless lips and lap up and down,
from her clit all the way to her cunt hole above her cute little asshole.

"For being such a good girl," I finally said, " that I'm going to give you
an extra treat and make you come real good for me."

I pulled the skin up away from Marcie's clit and began to suck the little
knob in earnest. 

"Oh, oh, oh, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, what are you doing,
ohhhhhhhhh, that feels sooooooooooooo good."

I then took my middle finger and rubbed it into her slit between her lips
and into her pussy hole, rotating my finger to rub the back of it against
the sensitive area on the top of her vaginal wall, the so-called "G-spot."

"I want to make you come, Marcie. Be a good girl and come good for me."

"Oh, I. What are you going? Please stop Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,
nooooooooooo, I can't stand it!"

She put her legs around my neck to lock me to her, moaned, and started
bucking her hips and thrashing her legs madly about as her body kept
spasming. "Oh, God, I'm commmmmmming!"

"That's it, Marcie, be a good girl and come good for me. Let it all out.
Get it all" I was so happy that I was able to give Marcie such pleasure
and make her come.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, I, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, ohhhhhhh," Marcie said
as she kept coming over and over for several seconds.

Finally, she started to relax and her legs fell apart on the couch, and
she just lay there, still moaning softly.

I decided the time had finally come to pump my little Marcie full of cum.
I couldn't wait any longer.

"It's time to get fucked, Marcie," I said.

"Oh, no, please don't fuck me," Marcie murmured softly, but without
conviction. "I can't let you fuck me. Besides, I'm a married woman. I'm
your aunt."

"Bullshit, Marcie," I interrupted, pinching her nipples and making her
moan again as I moved between her thighs with my stiff cock in my fist.
"If you were any hornier you'd honk." 

"Oh no, we can't do that. You're my nephew. Just keep doing what we have
been doing. It would be too wrong for us to have intercourse."

"Marcie, you're going to get fucked and fucked good, whether you like it
or not, so you might as well relax and enjoy the ride!"

"Oh, no, Tim. You're my nephew. I can't let you fuck me. Oh, you can lick
my pussy, but please don't fuck me."

I've got to fuck you now, Marcie," I said. "And I want to feel you come
all over my cock while it's buried deep inside your pussy." I hung poised
for a moment, his cock hard and quivering, as I lined it up in her grove.

"Oh, god, I feel your cock next to my pussy. Ohhhhh, don't do that. It's
still not too late to stop. Please don't fuck me."

Ignoring her weak protests, I found the opening to his Marcie's vagina and
slowly pushed forward. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, Tim, I can feel your cock sliding into me. You're
putting your cock into my pussy. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh."

I was aware of every movement and sensation as my cock bored deep into her
vagina. The heat was like an oven, and she was so slick, and wet and warm
and snug on my penetrating cock. It felt so good to feel her lips part and
her cunt squeeze my cock as it slowly pistoned itself in her moist puzzy.
I was surprised and pleased at how tight she was.

"Oh, Tim, you're fucking your aunt. You're fucking me, fucking me, fucking
me. Oh, Honey, you won't tell on me will you?"

Her legs came up as I hit bottom, and they went around my butt and locked
me in. Marcie squealed as I started fucking her with deep long strokes,
and her eyes popped open. And she looked up at me with pleading,
subservient eyes.

"Oooooh, God," she whimpered, "you shouldn't be dooooooooing this to me .
. . please just hold me. You can feel me if you want, but don't do this,
it's soooo wrong."

I was way too horny to pay attention to Marcie's pleading, and as I moved
in her, her pussy responded and her attitude improved tremendously.

I felt so great, sliding my prick in and out of her slick cunt. The lack
of hair made it so much smoother, and I could watch as my cock was sliding
in and out of her pussy. The fat lips would pull out as I moved back then
pull together and I was once again moving back into her warm, slick cunt.
I was using her tits as hand holds for leverage.

I thought of all the times she had teased me, rubbing against me, acting
coy, kissing me. I thrust into her pink pussy again and again and again,
rutting her savagely, pulling my cock nearly out on the backstroke and
then slamming forward with all of my might, slamming my cock against her
cervix and rubbing it back and forth, my balls banging against her
asshole. 

It only took a couple of minutes of hard fucking to get Marcie frantically
wiggling her ass and French-kissing me and blubbering and whimpering about
how great it was. And the more I pronged her, the wilder she became.

"Ooohhh," she wailed. "Ohhhhhhh . . . you're fucking me. Oh, you're
fucking meeeeee.. Ooohhh, you naughty boy, you're doooooing it to meeee!
Ohhh yes, it feels good, I like it. Oooohhh yessssss!"

She had now put her hands over my own and encouraged me on. "Oh, please,
keep doing that. Oh, harder, yes . . . yes, that's so good. I love what
you are doing to me and how you are making me feel. You are such a loving
nephew. Please don't tell my husband." Her hips were now moving up to meet
mine on every stroke, and I could hardly control myself.

"Go on, fuck me . . . ohh, yesss . . . do it to meee.  I am so close."

It was wild to watch Marcie as I kept fucking her. She was sprawled on the
couch with her legs spread and bouncing and wiggling her ass and squealing
with delight. I almost went crazy at the sight. Watching her being humped
made me even more excited.

She moaned into my ear, "Oh, this is so naughty. I can't stop you, but
please be nice, and don't tell your uncle, and I will let you keep on
doing this to me. It feels sooo good and I will be nice to you, just don't
stop."

I moved into her and then back. I could see my hard cock move slowly in
and out. She now had her arms tight around my head keeping me at her
breasts as I rammed my cock in and out of her.

I now started moving faster. Fucking sexy Marcie was what I had been
wanting to do so for many years. I loved dominating the little tease,
watching her as she kept arching her back and thrusting her pelvis against
my pistoning cock as I relentlessly kept slamming into her moist cunt
again and again and again.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, yes, is this what you wanted, is this what you wanted,
ohhhhhhhhhhh, to fuck your little Marcie? Are you happy now? Ohhhhhhhhhhh!
Then go ahead, give it to meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. Fuck me, fuck me
good."

I remembered seeing the crotch of her white lacy panties when she got out
of the car tonight at the party, and now I saw them lying off to the side
and looked down and looked back at her, and admired her spread
pink-stockinged sexy legs as my cock wetly fucked in and out and in and
out of her tight hole between her lips that her white panties no longer
covered or protected.

"I reached over and picked up the lacy panties and sniffed Marcie's
feminine juices on the crotch. The panties felt silky and moist to my
touch and smelled soooooooooooo sexy and goooooooooooood."

"Do you like my lacy panties? I wore especially them for you,
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, did you know that?" Marcie said, as she kept humping up
at my big dick impaled in her tight snatch as it slide in and out, in and
out, in and out.

"Showing me your panties when you first got out of the car tonight made me
so horny, Marcie. Take this, and this, and this, you sexy, teasing bitch,"
I said with each thrust as I quickly skyrocketed toward my climax. I knew
that nothing in the world could delay it much longer. I had to explode my
nuts into her soon and fill her pussy with my warm cum or I was going to
die.

"Huh, huh, huh, ohhhhhhhh, you're fucking me soooo hard!" Marcie said.

"Oh, Marcie, I've been wanting to fuck you for so many years." And I
remembered how she had teased me while we were dancing New Year's Eve. She
had got me so hot. And now she was paying for it. I kept slamming into her
again and again.

"Ahhhh, Marcie," I said, still fucking away like a man possessed,"remember
when I grabbed your ass and pulled you against me and kissed you while we
were dancing at New Year's?"

Marcie nodded and said, "And you wanted to fuck me then, didn't you,
didn't you, and you couldn't. But you wanted to. I could tell. But now,
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, you're fucking me so goooood, and you keep fucking me
and fucking me and keep on fucking me and it feels sooooooooooooo good. In
and out, in and out, I can't stand it! Go ahead. You can fuck your Marcie
all you want now. But you like it when I tease you, don't you?
Ohhhhhhhhhhhh. Just keep fucking me."

I then reached under her and cradled both of her ass cheeks in my hands as
I continued to plow into her. I could feel my jabs and the lewd, wet
sucking sounds my cock made as it kept plunging in and out of her pussy. I
kissed her wetly on the mouth, my tongue rubbing against hers as they had
done on the dance floor. The staccato thrusts as I cradled her ass cheeks
reminded me of a pin cushion being repeatedly jabbed with a large needle.

I rutted into her harder and faster, my cock slamming into her juicy
pussy, filling it, pushing into her cervix at the end of every stroke. The
tight clasping lips and the pressure of her cervix finally overcame my
ability to hold back.

 "Oh, Marcie, I love fucking you sooooooooooo much. You're about to make
me come!" "Marcie, I'm going to cum in you."

"I'm about to cum, too, keeping fucking me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me,
ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, you are fucking me so gooooooooood. Don't stop."

"Oh, god, there it goes," I said. I felt the come starting at my toes, and
with a surge into her I gave a yell and blew my nuts, and when I went off
I had a tit in each hand. "Oh, god, I can't help it. I can't wait! I'm
commmmmmmmmmming in your pussy, Marcie. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, I'm filling your
pussy with my cum. Ohhhhhhhhhhh, yessssssss. Fuck that cock. Squeeze it
with your cunt. Milk it. That's it. That's a good girl. Get all of my
juice. Fuck it, keep fucking and take all my cum."

And Marcie was finally going off and with a scream at the same time. "Oh,
oh, oh, oh, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she said, as her
body went into spasms, and she started twitching and thrashing around like
a bronco trying to throw off its rider. But I gamely held on tight and
kept humping and thrusting my cum-spewing cock in her.

"Oh, Marcie, I love fucking and fucking and fucking you," I said as I gave
her three final sperm-squirting thrusts and collapsed on her.

It was a mind-blowing experience. Knowing I'd just fucked Marcie silly
made me ecstatic.

I pulled my shrinking, dripping prick out of Marcie's wet, well-fucked
cunt and sort of flopped over onto my back.

I looked at Marcie lying there moaning with her eyes closed and her thighs
open, and I stared at her slippery cunt and those bare beautiful tits, and
I moved to a position between her legs and began to caress her oozy
welll-fucked pussy. 

I loved the feeling of slippery cum-soaked pink flesh, and she apparently
liked what I was doing too as she was starting to react to my
ministrations. I pulled her lips apart and saw that her hole was filled to
overflowing with my white cum, which was slowly seeping out and down,
moistening her cute asshole. 

I put one, then two fingers in her slushy cunt and explored her pink wet
opening, pressing all the way down to her cervix. I flipped her clit back
and forth a few times with my thumb like a light switch, which jolted her
as if struck with electric current.

"Please don't feel bad at me, but I love what you're doing to me." she said 

I leaned over and, putting her nipple in my mouth, I began to suckle her
breast again while continuing to finger-fuck her soggy cunt. Marcie was
coming up to a peak again but now I held off. I continued again after a
moment and repeated this over and over until she finally pleaded with me,
"Oh, keep going, don't stop, I'm soo close."

I stopped and she lay quiet for a few moments, and then I began my
activities again. Then I went down on her again.

"Tim, what are you doing, don't lick me there now, I'm all wet and not
clean, don't like my clit, I can't stand it. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, it feels so
good, but you shouldn't be doing this to me, not my own nephew, but,
ohhhhhhhhh, it feels so good."

Her clit was salty and tart from being coated with sweat and cum, but I
couldn't help himself, and I kept lapping away like a rabid dog.

"Oh, I'm getting close" Marcie said. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, don't stop."

But I didn't want her to come. Not just yet. I wanted to tease her a
little and get back for all the teasing she given me.

"Tim, what are you doing? Keep licking my clit. Don't stop. I need it
soooooooo much. Please don't stop."

"What's the hurry, Marcie? Don't you like it when I tease you?"

"Ohhhh, don't tease me any more, I need to coooome again, I need it
soooooooo bad. Please make me come. I'll do anything you want, but please
make me come."

"If I make you come again, will you be a good girl and suck my cock, and
make me come?"

"Yes, I'll do that, anything, just don't tease me any more. I need it
soooo bad."

"Say it!"

"Ohhhhhhhhh, I'll be good girl for you. I'll suck your cock. I'll make you
come. There, are you satisfied? Please hurry and make me come."

And I want you to promise to swallow my cum like a good girl when I shoot
off in your mouth. Will you do that for me?"

"Yes, I'll be a good girl and swallow your cum. But pleasssssssssssssse,
ohhhhhhhh, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, you're making
meeeeeeeeeeee commmmmmmmmmmmmme, ohhhhhhhhhhh, I can't stand it, I'm
commmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmming so gooooood, ahhhhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,
ohhhhhhhhhhhh."

Marcie keeping bucking and thrashing and humping her hips against my mouth
and tongue.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, enough, please stop, I've had enough, I can't
stop commmmmmmmmming, please stop, I can't stand it, I keep coming and
coming and commmmmmmmmmmmmmmmming."

As come after come swept over through her pussy, she kept twitching, and
kicking and moaning, and this all lasted for several moments.

"Soooooooooooooo good, sooooooo goooooood," she murmured over and over. 

And what little Marcie did next really surprised me. After a few moments,
she suddenly got up, and gave me a wet kiss, tasting her own pussy juices
and my cum on my tongue and lips from eating her pussy.

She got a strange and pleading look in her eye. "Please, let me try this.
I want to be a good girl and do as you said." Little Marcie pulled my cock
to her mouth and began licking it all over. It was already hard and
throbbing again. "Oh, it tastes sooo good," she murmured, as she began
kissing it and licking it all over, greedily licking all the cum off it
and swallowing greedily. 

"Mmmmmmm, mmmmph," she kept moaning softly as she kept licking and sucking
the head of my cock.and opened her mouth wide and began sucking it in
earnest. "Mmmmm, mmmmmm," she moaned as she pulled me forward to get as
much of his cock her mouth and throat as possible. My cock kept sliding it
and out of her sweet mouth, in and out. She gagged after several minutes
as she finally managed to get all of it in her. My pubic hair ticked her
nose as it rubbed against it.

I could only take a couple of minutes of this exquisite pleasure when I
started feeling my climax approaching. "Ohhhhh Marcie," I said, "ohhhhh,
I'm gonna come."

She looked at me though glazed eyes and moaned, but just as I was about to
come, she suddenly stopped!

"Marcie, what are you doing? I can't stand it. Be a good girl for me and
keep sucking my cock and make me come, I'm so close."

"Is this what you like, Tim? You like me to tease you, don't ya? What is
it that you want your little Marcie to do?"

"You know."

"Tell me."

"Oh, Marcie, I want you to keep sucking my cock and make me come."

"And do you want to come in my mouth"

"Yes, please, Marcie, I want to come in your mouth."

"And do you want me to taste and swallow all your come."

"Yes, please, ohhhhhhhhhhh, Marie, I love you soooooooooo much, I want to
come in you."

"Well, since you did such a good job teasing me and sucking my tits and
licking my pussy and making me come and fucking me over and over with your
cock and making me come and come and come sooooooooooo good, I'm going to
be a good girl for you. I want you to come in my mouth. I want to taste
your cum. I want it all over my mouth and face and I want to swallow every
drop of it."

And she started sucking stronger, harder, faster. "Oh, Marcie, you're such
a gooooood girl! That's it, suck it! Ohhh, ohhhhhhhh, it's so gooood!" 

And then I went off. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh god, Marcie, you're making me
commmmmmme! I'm commmmmmmmmmmmg in your sweet mouth!"

Spurt after spurt of my warm sticky cum began flooding Marcie's sweet
mouth. I heard her gasp for air and suddenly swallow, rapidly moving her
Adam's apple up and down to keep from downing in my incestuous seed. She
opened her mouth and began licking the end of my cock as still more cum
was seeping out. I could see the top of her tongue nearly covered with my
milky semen. Some of it dripped down from the corners of her mouth as she
continued to moan and lick and swallow and suck my finally deflating cock.

After a few moments she just looked at me tenderly and said, "I never knew
it could be so erotic to do this and give so much pleasure in something I
was told was wrong."

We and got dressed, and she had fallen asleep and was out cold by the time
I her home. All the lights were out inside, and it was very quiet. I
carried her to bed, undressed her, and even dressed her in a sexy white
lacy nightgown I found in a drawer. She looked so angelic, so adorable, so
sexy lying there that I immediately got a hard on and had to fuck her
again, but I had to be quiet so as not to wake her son.

I lifted Marcy's gown, spread her cunt lips apart, and rammed my cock into
her moist pussy again. She arched her back and immediately started moaning
and humping her hips. I think she was still half asleep. But before I
came, she shuttered all over and I felt her pussy spasming on my cock. I
pumped spurt after spurt after spurt of come in her wet cunt. Before I
left, I kissed her goodnight and wet her lips and tongue with a some of my
cum taken from her pussy.

-- 



























--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....