
                                   M+/F, WIFE

                                 Married Whore
                                Author: Unknown

      My name is Becky and I'm 26, blonde, slender and attractive. I'm addicted
to sex and I can't seem to get enough. I'm bisexual and when a good looking guy
or girl ask me out I can't say no.

      I'm married but that doesn't stop me from having fun. My husband gives me
permisssion to do what I want to a certain point. I'm suppose to tell him of my
experiences, but if I told him everytime I did something he'd get upset.

      One of my favorite sexual things to do is to meet a guy at a gas station
and flirt with him. When he comes over to talk to me I convince him to go into
the bathroom and fuck me. I usually wear skirts or short dresses when I'm in
one these moods. If I'm happy with the size of his cock I'll take him to his
house or a hotel room and really fuck him until his eyes pop out. I once fucked
6 guys in the bathroom of one station until I found a guy that I wanted.
Needless to say that my pussy was dripping cum. I just can't get enough sex.

      There is a married couple that I see once a week or so. The man is a real
hunk and his wife is the hottest woman I have seen. Sometimes I fuck just one
of them but usually it's all three of us. I've shared her with my husband a
couple of times but her husband doesn't know.

      It happened one night as I was watching TV Diane, and her came over. She
whispered in my ear that she wanted to fuck me right now and she couldn't wait
anymore. I told her that my husband and I had plans to have sex that night and
she said she would share me.

      As my husband sat on the couch unaware of what we had planned, I reached
over and kissed him shoving my tounge down his throat. He pulled me back and
said that we had company and to wait until she left. When I said that she
wanted to join us he jumped at the chance. As I kissed him Diane moved over and
pulled his shorts down around his ankles. She wasted no time taking his cock
into her mouth and sucking it all the way down her throat. I must admit it
turned me on to see another woman sucking my husband's cock. I moved in behind
Diane and removed her skirt and panties. I wanted lick her pussy and get it
real wet for my husband's cock. He likes pussies to be as wet as possible
before he fucks them -- this is why he let's me fuck around. As I shoved my
tounge up Diane's pussy she began to buck and moan begging me to let my husband
fuck her. I told her to go into the bedroom and remove the rest of her clothing
and we would be ther in a minute.

      As Diane headed for the bedroom, I went to the bathroom and strapped on
my dildo and lubricated it with KY Jelly. When I got back to the bedroom Donald
was already eating Diane's pussy and she was squealing in pleasure. I told
Donald to lay on his back and made Diane suck his cock again. As Diane sucked
his cock I started to ease the large dildo into her anus. Slowly at first until
I could easily slide it all the way in without a problem. Then I instructed
Diane to sit on Donald's cock. She lowered herself onto his cock slowly letting
her pussy expand to take him all the way in. I could tell by the look on
Donald's face that her pussy was nice tight and wet, just the way he likes it.
Then I made her lean forward and kiss him so I could fuck her with the Dildo.
When she leaned forward I began to fuck her with the dildo while Donald's cock
fucked her pussy. She screamed and begged us to go faster and faster until she
came. After she had two orgasams, and Donald came in her pussy, I made her suck
his cock clean, he really likes that.

      About three months ago I met a guy at the store and he asked me over to
his place. When I got there we wasted no time getting started and he fucked me
for over an hour. As we laid there on the bed he asked me to tell him one of my
fantasies.

      I told him that I dream about getting gang banged by 8 or more guys in a
row. He said that sounded great and got up to take a shower. We planned to meet
the next Monday night for more of the same fun. When the next Monday night came
I drove to his house anticipating some wild sex. When I got there he told me
had a surprise for me and he would give it to me later.

      At 7:45 the doorbell rang and it was his friends coming over to watch
Monday night football. As the 10 guys came in the smile on his face told the
story of his surprise. During the first half of the game I made jokes about the
team that they wanted to win. Michael said that if I didn't quit he was going
to spank me at halftime.

      At halftime I continued to make jokes until he grabbed me and began to
spank me on the butt. I grabbed his cock thru his jeans and rubbed it. One of
the guys stood up and said it was his turn next and the rest stood up and said
thay they were after him. I said that I'd take them all on but it wouldn't
involve spanking. This was the cue for them to take me into the bedroom and
remove my clothes.

      As I began to suck the first guy's cock as he stood over me, another
shoved his dick into my pussy.  It felt great to have a cock in my mouth and in
my pussy at the same time with 9 other cocks waiting for their turn. As soon as
the guy in my pussy would cum, he would be replaced with the guy in my mouth
until everyone had fucked me at least twice. After they had finished, I went to
sleep and they went to catch the last minutes of the game.

      Later. Michael came in and got into bed with me. He asked if I could go
one more round with him before I left. I said sure and my husband was away on
business and could stay all night. He told me thay some of his friends were
spending the night because they had drank too much to drive. He began to fuck
my cum filled pussy as he told me how hot it was to watch all of those guys
have their turn at me.

      When he was finished I got up to take a shower. After my shower I went to
the kitchen to get a drink. On the way there I saw the guys laying on the couch
and floor. One of them grabbed my foot as I walked by pulling me down on the
floor. Without saying a word he began to kiss me and rub my pussy. I was a
little tired but I figured that one more fuck wouldn't hurt. As he shoved his
cock into my pussy I began to moan.

      This woke the others up and they came over to us on the floor. Again each
one of them fucked my pussy filling it up with their cum. When they were
finished I went back to bed and drifted off to sleep.

      In the morning I got up to take a shower. As I was getting out of the
shower I noticed one of the guys standing in the door way looking at me totally
naked. We talked as I put on my panties and brushed my teeth. When I finished
he asked me for a goodbye kiss. As I kissed him he began to play with my
breast. Moving his hands from my breast to my ass he began to move us in the
direction of the bedroom. Laying me on my back he removed my panties and
started to eat my pussy. I moved into postion to suck his cock as the door
opened. It was Michael and 2 of his friends that had not gone home yet.

      I was not in mood to take them all on again as I was feeling kind of
sore. But, once they got started I couldn't say no. Each one of them fucked me
and left the room. I got dressed and went home.

      When I got there my husband was there sitting on the couch. He said that
he had just got home. He walked over to me and kissed me, grabbing my breast. I
couldn't tell him that I was to sore to fuck him and went to the bedroom and
removed my clothes.

      The cum from the last guys was still dripping out of my pussy. My husband
saw this and said that he was going to ask me what I'd been doing while he was
gone but he could see by the cum what I'd been up to. He got so excited that he
pushed me down on the bed and started to fuck me right away. While he was in me
he told me how great it felt to be inside a freshly fucked pussy filled with
cum. After he came I got dressed and sat on the couch thinking about my
experience. I didn't fuck for about 4 days after that to let my body heal
itself. I do sometimes go over to Michael's house to get fucked by 2 or 3 of
his friends but never like that one night of 10 guys over and over.

