 
Think of me as a kinder, gentler Dassad.
 
Written in 1992 by Heironymus For Free Distribution to all
Humankind Please do not edit or sell for profit.
 
DESCRIPTION: Sex between 17 year old girl and somewhat older
man--emphasis on domination, humiliation, submission. Starts out
mild; gets really, really nasty. Safewords not specifically
mentioned until part 6. Blurs the consent line, and as such, is
politically incorrect, and probably a bad thing. Mental poison.
Don't do this for real. No means no. And all that.
 
Posted for wanking and catharsis value only.
 
_____________________________________________
 
Teaching Mary Anne 1: Mary Anne's Gift
     
     
     
     "What ever you want to do." Mary Anne said.
     She brushed her long straight blond hair back with one hand
and smiled. I let one of my hands roam over the broad curve of her
ass, caressing it. She didn't seem to mind.
     She traced the outline of my rigid cock with her forefinger
through the tight fabric of my jeans as we walked along the
darkening trail. She was giving me a gift, before leaving for
college. I'd always wanted her to give me head outdoors. As her
departure grew near, she seemed eager to try new things, to cement
our relationship by indulging my sexual fantasies.
     A cool breeze blew over the deserted football field. In the
distance. several hundred yards off, the high schools parking lot
was a puddle of light in the darkness. "Where should we do it."
She whispered, her breath warm in my ear. "How about out there, in
the open?"
     "No." I said, surprised by her boldness, but enjoying the
image nonetheless. She had made the suggestion that we do this
tonight. I'd talked about it, but hadn't ever thought it would
happen. "We can be seen from pretty far off here. It should be
near the woods."
     "Not in the woods." Mary Anne said, casting a glance over at
the murky line of trees lining the field. "They scare me."
     My cock was hard and hot in my jeans. After roaming around
the football field for awhile longer, I stopped caring where we
did it. "here's fine." We were just off the path that ran along
the field to the up to the high school. Middle aged couples
routinely walked its length, but not this late. Usually.
     Mary Anne dropped down, squatting before me, her knees
pulling her red print dress out, her white blouse reflecting the
moonlight. I unbuttoned my jeans and she pulled down the zipper. I
nudged down my underwear, freeing my erect penis, which bobbed up
and down inches from her face.
     She smiled up at me "Yes, you're ready, aren't you." She
opened her mouth, her tongue darting out and flicking the head of
my cock. An electric tingle shivered up my spine. She licked her
hand, and began working the head with her lips, massaging the
shaft, jerking me off with a steady concentrated motion. With each
stoke she bobbed her head forward and took the tip fully into her
mouth.
     She paused, and looked up at me. "Do you like this?"
     "Yeah," I breathed, grabbing her head, and forcing it
forward. I stopped just before she gagged, and pulled back,
leaving a glistening trail of saliva down her chin. She looked up
at me her lips slightly parted.
     "Do it." I said. "I want you to swallow it."
     She nodded quickly, as she tightened one slick hand around
the shaft jerking me off slowly and firmly. Finally she took it
back into her mouth. She looked up at me again, her mouth
distorted by my cock, wide open, her eyes imploring.
     She worked it in and out, her eyebrows furrowed in
concentration. I was halfway afraid someone might catch us. And
halfway hopeful. I looked down at her, this beautiful blonde
seventeen year old girl, working my cock with her mouth and hand.
She was doing it because I told her to.
     She was mine.
     "Come all over me." She whispered, as she sped up the pace
with both hands. She plunged it back into her mouth, sucking
hungrily.
     My balls quivered.
     "Unnn huhhh" She grunted around my cock.
     As I started to squirt, she pulled it out of her mouth,
watching as she milked the jism out, spilling onto the grass. Her
chin glistened with spit and streamers of cum, which elongated and
dripped onto her skirt. She looked up at me, her eyes glittering
with satisfaction.
     Later walking home, she apologized. "I'm sorry I couldn't
swallow it all." she said. I reached over and wiped away a dollop
of come from her cheek. We kissed, our tongues caressing warmly.
     I slipped my hand under the waistband of her skirt, and
squeezed a smooth, fleshy buttock. I laughed. She was genuinely
sorry that she hadn't been able to drink it all!
     "That's all right." I said. "There's always next time."
___________________________________________ Written in 1991 by
Heironymus For Free Distribution to all Humankind Please do not
edit or sell for profit.
 
____________________________________________________
 
Teaching Mary Anne 2: Mary Anne Tries it Up the Ass
 
 
 
     Mary Anne lay with her back to me, her broad impossibly
smooth ass split, her legs trailing down either side of my body.
Her long golden hair spilled down her tanned back. She looked over
her shoulder. I fucked her hard for awhile, kneading her ample
white buttocks in both hands. She moaned softly.
     I loved fucking her from behind, loved the moment she rolled
over to allow me to mount her. I'd told her I liked it this way,
that it felt better, and since then she'd always do it for me,
giving me the occasional backward glance over one milky shoulder
as she presented her smooth white buttocks. She was ever so
slightly overweight, but at seventeen years old, the extra flesh
was smooth and firm, resilient.
     She was the best fuck I'd ever had.
     She looked back at me again, whispering, "You can try to put
it in my ass, If you want."
     I exhaled convulsively. *If I want! Or course I fucking
want!* I pulled my cock from her cunt, and licked a finger,
sliding it into her tight little asshole slowly, working it back
and forth. She sighed and snuggled back against me.
     "Are you sure?"
     "Yes. Try it. That feels good."
      I pushed the head of my cock against the opening with a
steady pressure.
     "Move up." I groaned.
     She moved her ass up into the air and I pushed down harder,
and harder. Not too fast, or she won't like it. Finally the head
slipped in.
     "Ow."
     "Just a little longer." I said.
     "Please." she said. "It hurts."
     "Wait." I said, as I pushed myself in and out of her asshole.
It was so tight, like a fist, gripping my cock, but every time I
withdrew and pushed it back in, it got slightly looser.
     "Please." I gripped her ass tighter. It felt so good, so
tight. "Please take it out." She whispered.
     "Not yet." I pumped it in and out, slowly, watching, amazed,
as inch after inch of my rigid cock disappeared into her tight
anus. "You can take it just a little longer, cant you?"
     She whimpered and bit the pillow, her eyebrows furrowed. She
made a little nodding motion.
     "Good." I said. I buried it all the way in her hot, pulsing
rectum, grinding her pelvis into the bed. She gasped. As much as I
wanted to lose myself, let myself go, I couldn't. Her submission
both excited and repulsed me.
     I pulled it out with a grunt, Mary Anne shivering as it slid
from her ass.
     "Suck it then."
     She looked me in the eyes as she repositioned herself on her
knees before me in the bed. She gripped my cock in both hands,
inches from her face, jerking away mechanically. I shoved my hips
forward to bring my cock past her open lips. She sucked on the
head, grimacing slightly at the musky taste.
     "Do it." She said. I could feel myself starting to go. I
reached round and slid my forefinger into her hot sticky asshole.
      Mary Anne worked my cock furiously, and I felt the pressure
building in my balls, a rising tide of warmth. After holding it
back as long as I possibly could, I let it happen. She flinched as
the hot cum sprayed her face. It ran down her forehead in thick,
gobs, spilling out, squirting less and less with each stroke of
her hand. A thick gout struck her eye, causing her to grimace and
jerk her head back, but she kept milking. I looked down at her,
and she smiled back at me, as she wiped a thick clot of goo from
the corner of her eye.
     "You got me."
     "I liked that." I said, sighing. "You do that real nice."
     "I think that after awhile, I'll be able to take it." She
said, wiping at her face with a Kleenex as I lay back in bed.. "In
my ass, I mean. It will just take awhile, like with my pussy."
     I kissed her, long and deep, caressing the curve of her hip,
cuping her ass in both hands.
     She'd learn. ___________________________________________
 
 
Written in 1992 by Heironymus For Free Distribution to all
Humankind Please do not edit or sell for profit.
 
_____________________________________________
 
     Teaching Mary Anne 3:  Handcuffed and Humiliated
 
     "Handcuffs?" Mary Anne arched her eyebrows at me. Such a
pretty girl. Shoulder long, dirty blond hair, elfen features, blue
eyes, small fine nose, high cheekbones. Perfect, really.
Seventeen, too.
     I nodded and smiled. "Sure. It will be fun."
     "What do you want to do with them?" She looked suspicious,
holding them at arms length. The chains chinked and rattled as she
turned them over in her hands.
     "I don't know. Cuff your hands behind you back, maybe." My
heart began to beat faster at the thought of it. Would she go for
it?
     She nodded her head grimly, her expression hard to read.
"Okay. Just don't lose your mind on me. Okay? And tell me when
your going to cum." She looked me sternly in the eye. I'd caught
her unware before, with spectacularly messy results.
     "Okay."
     I walked to the dresser, where I pulled out the black silk
panties and shorts I wanted her to wear. She tugged off her
t-shirt and pale yellow bra, and took the black one from my
outstretched hand. I stopped her to suck one small pink nipple
erect. She giggled and pushed me away. Clipping the bra behind her
back, she tugged her skirt off, and her white cotton underwear,
revealing the smooth, thick, tanned legs that only seventeen-year
olds seem to have.
     "Put these on." I gave her a pair of black silk shorts.
     "These huh? I can't believe you let me wear these. My ass
hangs out of them. People were whistling at me from cars."
     I patted a smooth white cheeck. "They were so cute,  I
couldn't say anything.
     "I don't know why you like my ass," she said as she slipped
into the tight shorts. "Its too big."
     "Its beatiful." I held the cuffs towards her.
     Her eyes met mine, and I nodded, as she turned her back on
me, chin down, her hands held at the small of her back. I
carefully slid the aluminum hasps home, until they were snug on
each wrist. I turned her and tilted her face up with one hand,
kissing her, our toungue tips caressing.
     "Now," I said, "on your knees."
     She nodded, and carefully lowered herself to a kneeling
position. I caressed her shoulders briefly, my dick a hot painful
bulge in my jeans, and then undid the top button.
     "Open it."
     She reached up and grabbed a corner in her teeth, and pulled
it down, the zipper sighing open. My cock was enormous, straining
against the fabric of my underwear. Mary Anne slowly pulled the
pants down to my knees, exposing my underwear completely. She
began to lick the head of my cock through the thin white fabric,
lapping at it until the cotton was soaked.
     I jerked down the waistband of my shorts, and let my dick bob
up and down in front of her face. I looked down at her. The cuffs
held her arms back nicely, causing her small breasts to jut
outward invitingly. I reached down and pinched a nipple erect as
she took the head of my cock in her mouth and began to suck.
     I slowly forced her head down onto my cock, my hands in her
silky blonde hair. She began to struggle, the handcuffs jingling
as she began to snort and gasp of air. I pushed harder, feeling my
cock slip into her throat.
     "Ahhhhh," I murmured, but pulled it out quickly, and let her
lick it for awhile. I reached down and lifted her to her feet, my
hands in her smooth armpits. She turned, her head down.
     "Spread your legs"
     She shifted her weight.
     "Lean forward."
     She bent over carefully at the waist. I pulled the shorts
down with one hand, revealing the pale smoothness of her ass, a
perfect white double sphere. I rubbed my cock down the crease,
circling her clit with the head. I grabbed her ass and sunk myself
deep into her cunt, which was sopping wet. She sighed loudly as it
slid home. Then I pulled it free, and flicked her clit with the
tip again.
     "I want you to fuck yourself up the ass." I spit into my hand
and rubbed it against her anus. I'd done her in the ass before,
but never like this, standing, bent over. Just hearing my voice
issue the command made me feel shivery inside. My cock got harder,
and if possible, slightly longer, the head going a darker shade of
purple.
     "Alright" She said quitely. She leaned back, and my cock
slipped out of her cunt, poking straight up in the crack of her
ass. I held her cuffed hands in mine.
     "Do it."
She nodded and leaned forward, my cock disspearing between
the twin white globes, the tip coming to rest against her pucker.
The opening was tightly closed, and I had to restrain the urge to
grab her and force it in. She moved back and forth on the
threshold of insertion, never quite allowing penetration. It was
driving me wild. With a little stabbing motion, I surged forward,
just as she shoved backwards. The head slipped past and in
quickly. Mary Anne inhaled suddenly.
     "Good. Good girl"
     She began to rock slowly, back and forth, riding my bone up
and down her asshole. After a few passes, it began to slide more
freely, as she sped up the pace.
     "Good girl." I said. It felt good. I held her handcuffed
hands. "Do it, thats it." My cock slipped in and out like a piston
in engine, glistening. I reached down and pulled her cheeks apart,
watching her ass move back and forth on my dick. I spit carefully
onto the shaft of my cock, watching the saliva coat the rigid
column of flesh, feeling it lubricate her tender opening. I
started pulling back until the head began to slip out, and then
thrusting forward to jam it back in. "Good."
     Gradually, I allowed her to rock herself back and forth
without my guidance. Her asshole was hot and slippery, but still
delightfully tight.
     "Please rub me," She whimpered. "I think I could come if you
did."
     I reached underneath, and began to tease her clit, as she
rocked back and forth on my cock, shoving it into her ass harder
and harder as I worked the slippery nub.
     "Uhhhhh huuuhhhh," She groaned, as we surged together. Each
meaty thwack of my pelvis striking her buttocks produced a
rippling wave in her smooth white flesh. I grabbed her assflesh
tightly in both hands, sinking my fingers into its softness.
     "I'm gonna cum in your but." I whispered in her ear.
     "Uhh huh," she breathed.
     I pulled myself out of her, and slapped her buttocks hard,
bringing up a pink handprint. She whimpered, "Please, don't hit
meI"
     "PleaseI"
     I shoved her, knocking her off balance into bed, her breath
whuffing out as she bounced onto the blue satin sheets. Her ass
was a white round target, with a pink bullseye. She struggled, the
handcuffs jingling, as she tried to roll over. I grabbed her and
inserted myself again in her hot pink asshole. Leaning forward, I
bored into her.
     "Not so deep," She sobbed, "Please."
     I forced myself in as far I could go, ignorning her
struggling attempts to lessen the penetration, my whole body on
fire. I ground my pelvis against her ass, feeling exultant,
poweful, utterly in control. "Please," she cried again, and I
began to cum, reveling at the feel of my jism pumping out into the
constricted channel. I bit her ear hard, as I came, and came, and
came, my ectasy mingling with a wash of shame for having forced
her to do this, bittersweet.
     She was breathing hoarsly as well now, and had begun thrust
herself back against my cock again.
     "Do it," She whispered.
     My dick slid back and forth freely in her ass now, lubricated
by cum. I reached under her and began rubbing her clitoris in
earnest, tongueing her ear as I did so.
     "That was great," Lying on her bound hands, her fingertips
curled against my abdomen as I pushed my still hard cock slowly in
and out. "I came good. Do you want me to take it out?"
     She shook her head quickly, and arched her back, forcing her
buttocks higher. My still hard cock was buried to the hilt in her
ass. I rubbed her clit faster and faster, in little circles as I
fucked her. Her cunt was dripping wet.
     "Ahhhhhhh" She cried, her ass convulsing around my cock as
she began to come. As she shuddered in ectasy, I slowly withdrew.
She tried to pull free faster, but I held her by the waist, and
removed it agonizlingly slowly, centimeter by centimeter. She came
the entire time I pulled out, her breath whistling out in short,
desperate gasps.
     I held her as she came back to herself, cupping her breasts
in my hands as my dick slid out of her, still hard. I got up and
unlocked the cuffs, tossing them on the carpet near the bed, and
then slid between the sheets behind her. I hugged her tightly,
luxuriating in the sweaty contact, skin to skin.. She rolled over
to face me, throwing a hot sweaty thigh over me, tears glistening
in her eyes. I kissed her.
     "Was that I alright?"
     She nodded, eyes down. "I liked it. I think."
     "I liked it too."
     "Just don't tell anyone about it okay?" She looked me in the
eyes imploringly. "It would be terrible if anyone found out."
     "Alright," I lied.
___________________________________________________________
 
