CHAPTER 20                                 DOING IT CANDY'S WAY
SUBMITTING IN THE WILD WEST
________________________________________________________________
     Although you were skeptical at first, now that we are on the
plane, heading to Colorado, the idea of a dude ranch seems kind
of attractive.  I have spent the last few weeks showing you bro-
chures and talking you into the idea of spending a week in the
Wild West riding horses and breathing the clean mountain air. The
pressures of work have been unbearable and the thought of spend-
ing time back with nature is too good to pass up.  The plane ride
is a couple of hours long and we have two seats next to each
other on the half empty plane.  You immediately snuggle up next
to me and I put my arm around you.  Once we have taken off and
are cruising on our way, I reach around you to fondle a breast. 
"Mmmm", you murmur.  We haven't had time to think about sex for
awhile and the caressing is appealing.  With my other hand I
reach out and undo the top button of your blouse.  Then the sec-
ond.  At the third button, you start to get nervous and as I
reach for the fourth button you instinctively reach up to hold
your blouse closed.  I take your hands and gently hold them
behind your back as I loosen the fourth button.  I reach in and
gently pull at both of your nipples.  As I do so, your breasts
are exposed to the air.  "Arch your back.", I whisper.  Despite
yourself, you arch your back to more fully offer your breasts to
me.  I reach down and bite each nipple hard and then I release
you.  You reach around and draw your blouse closer together then
you go to do up the buttons.  "No", I say softly, "Don't do up
the buttons, leave them open.  You are nervous but you do as I
ask.  Your breasts are covered but the cleavage you now present
goes all the way to your navel.  In a way it is more exposing
than being naked.  Every once in a while I reach over to caress
you again.  I play with your full breasts or I slide a hand up
under your skirt to discover your ever increasing wetness or I
simply reach over to stroke your hair or your neck.  The constant
stimulation continues to turn you on until you are literally sit-
ting in a puddle of excitement.  By the time the plane lands you
are ready to make love right in the airport but instead, we pick
up our bags and get on the ranch bus.  I have allowed you to do
only the bottom two buttons of your blouse and you blush red as
men stare openly at the expanse of flesh is exposed.  The bus
ride is not long.  There are 2 other couples with you and you
notice that they are young and attractive, not at all the old
retired types you expected.  The ranch itself is also a pleasant
surprise.  The decor is modern and comfortable and your room con-
tains a huge bed as well as a well equipped bathroom complete
with hot-tub.  'This is going to be better than I imagined.', you
think to yourself as you unpack.  I arrive in the room a moment
later and you immediately slide your horny body up against mine. 
You have been turned on all day and you beg for me to allow you
some release.  I smile at you as I stand you up.  "Not yet.", I
say in a mischievous voice, "Don't you want to do some horseback
riding?"  "Uh uh.", you say, "I want a different kind of ride."
I'm still smiling as I pull you out of the room and towards the
stables.  You follow reluctantly.  You are still wearing your
light blue skirt and your blouse is still revealingly opened to
show more than you are comfortable with.  The stables are well
appointed and you admire the various horses as we look around. 
One of the stable hands introduces himself as Jim.  "Are you
ready to go sir?", he asks me.  You look at me questioningly. 
Evidently, something has been planned here in your absence. 
"Sure.", I say.  Four horses are led out and I refuse to answer
any of your questions.  "But I'm not even dressed to go riding.",
you protest.  "Shhhh", I reply.  The horses are saddled up and
Jim and what must be his girlfriend mount up.  I help you onto a
pretty mare and instruct you to sit, not sidesaddle as you would
have liked but astride the horse thus placing your naked pussy
directly on the leather of the saddle.  The warm leather immedi-
ately gets slippery with the juices of your overexcited pussy.  
We start out across the empty plain towards the nearby hills.  
The feeling of the pommel of the saddle rubbing against your hard
clit is driving you to distraction and you have difficulty con-
centrating on Jim's steady patter describing the wilderness
around you.  After about an hour, you come to the hills and
shortly after that Jim and his friend Peggy come to a stop beside
a little stream in a clearing.  The scenery is beautiful.  You
are truly away from everything here.  You get off your saddle,
careful not to let anyone see that you are wearing no underpan-
ties and you sit down on the grass to relax.  Your mind is really
on one thing and one thing only; Sex.  You see Jim removing the
saddles and letting the horses relax also and a few minutes
later, you are all sitting in a circle on your saddles passing
the canteen around for a drink.  "So,", says Jim, "this is your
submissive lady."  You choke on your drink.  Peggy is looking
right at you and smiling.  "Tell me.", she asks, "What have you
made her do?"  "Well,", I say, "First of all, she is not per-
mitted to wear underclothes of any kind.  Secondly, I have had
her submit to strange men and have exhibited her in public.  She
has had her pussy shaved, her nipples clipped, her bottom spanked
and has been a slave to both men and women."  "Mmmmm.", says
Peggy.  She stands up and looks down at you.  She is wearing a
chamois shirt and jeans and has leather riding boots on her feet. 
In her right hand is her riding crop.  You feel your heart skip a
beat.  She is petite but she looks severe and her presence scares
you.  You know that you will have little choice but to obey
everything she asks of you.  Your hot pussy is very present and
you hope that she won't discover it.  "Roll over on your belly.",
she says.  You roll over on your saddle so you are face down. 
Your feet and hands are touching the grass but your bottom is
raised and presented to your audience.  You feel a tremor run
through your body as you realize that you are helpless before
her.  You feel the leather of her crop slide up along your naked
calf and catch the hem of your skirt.  Very, very slowly, she
raises the crop and pulls your skirt higher and higher until it
has uncovered your long tanned thighs.  The skirt continues to
rise, now revealing your white tan line and the curve of your
buttocks and then finally comes to rest in a puddle around your
waist.  The crop now strokes your long legs carressingly. "Spread
them.", she commands and you hesitantly let your legs fall open.  
She encourages them further and further apart until you are com-
pletely exposed.  The tip of the riding crop explores the hot wet
slit of your pussy and then stops.  You hear Peggy sit down and
you wait, passively, lying across the warm leather of your saddle
with your bottom upraised and completely exposed. The three of us
continue to talk about you as I describe some of the situations
you have been put in.  Your face blushes red as I describe what
parts of your body are most sensitive and what particular varia-
tions you enjoy.  Peggy is very interested to hear that you have
long nipples that love nipple clips and that you enjoy being
spanked hard.  "Stand up.", you hear Peggy say. You stand up
before her thankfully allowing your skirt to fall and cover you
again.  Your respite is to be short-lived, however. "Off with
those clothes.", she says.  Your fingers are trembling as you
remove your blouse and skirt and stand with your head bowed
awaiting your next instruction.  Peggy leads you over to a nearby
tree and attaches your hands together in front of you. The end of
the rope is thrown over a convenient branch and you feel yourself
being stretched upwards.  She takes the opportunity of your help-
lessness to pinch your sensitive nipples with her gloved fingers.  
Your ankles are tied next so that you are spread eagled in front
of us.  Peggy stands behind you and begins running her hands
across your body.  She reaches around to squeeze your breasts.  
You moan out loud at the sensation.  One of her leather gloved
hands runs down your belly to stroke your pussy.  The feeling of
the cool leather rubbing across your clit has your whole body
twitch and she does it again and again until you are about to
come.  She walks around to in front of you now and you look down
to see that she has a branch of nettles in one hand.  You close
your eyes, hoping that the nettles aren't for you.  Of course
they are.  You feel the prickly frond rubbing gently across your
left nipple.  It is already hard but the irritating nettles cause
it to get so tight that it aches.  The right nipple undergoes the
same treatment and although the rubbing of the nettles stops,
their stimulation continues. Immediately you feel an itch in your
nipples that you are begging to scratch.  Your body squirms in
its bonds and your pussy begins to gush its juices.  You feel
Peggy playing with your shaved slit and the tiny sting of the
nettles touches your delicate pink pussy lips.  She pulls back
the hood of your clitoris to make sure that it gets its fair
share too.  The stimulation is too much for you.  You are now
panting in short ragged breaths and your whole body is straining
at the ropes which bind you.  You open your eyes to see Jim in
front of you.  He is not wearing any clothes and his cock is
large and thick.  You look up at him and say, "Please."  He
smiles as he comes closer.  You feel the tip of his cock touch
your wet pussy and he allows just the head to slide inside you.  
You hold your breath waiting for him to thrust into you, to fill
you up.  Peggy has moved behind you and all of a sudden a searing
pain strikes your bottom.  You body is driven forward and impales
itself deeply on Jim's cock.  The riding crop strikes again and
the hot pain thrusts you forward again onto the unyielding hard-
ness of Jim.  The strokes set the rhythm as Peggy drives you for-
ward again and again.  Your bottom is burning hot by the time she
is done and you are crying out with every thrust of Jim's body
into yours.  Jim holds himself deep in you without moving.  You
feel him reach around behind you and grasp one of your hot but-
tocks in each of his large rough hands.  He pulls them apart to
reveal your hidden hole and the next sensation you feel is
Peggy's cool finger as she lubricates your bottom.  Her finger
slides in and out of you and again she sets the rhythm of you
pushing yourself onto Jim's cock.  Her finger pulls out and you
feel the head of my cock at your tiny entrance.  Very, very
gently I slide into you until you feel my belly pressing up
against the heat in your bottom.  You are more filled than you
have ever been before in your life.  Your hypersensitive nipples
are still stinging slightly from the nettles as they press into
Jim's hairy chest.  Your soaking pussy is stretched to the limit
by Jim's thick organ and your hot bottom is penetrated by my
cock.  You feel the two organs pushing and pulling in alternate
strokes.  As I push in, Jim pulls out and as I pull out, Jim
pushes in.  Your body takes up a steady rhythm between us as your
hips push harder and harder forwards and backwards trying to get
more of us into you.  You turn your head to the side to see Peggy
with a camera taking pictures but by this time you don't care. 
Your orgasm starts from the tips of your toes and the depths of
your belly.  You start to scream out loud at the feeling, letting
yourself be consumed by it, letting it use you and your body as
you reach a peak and collapse into our arms. 

