CHAPTER 12                             DOING IT CANDY'S WAY
TRAINING THE TRAINERS
_______________________________________________________________
It is late afternoon and you are just about complete with your
day at the school.  You are the headmistress of a very special
school for young people who are being initiated into the joys of
B&D sex.  It is probably the most enjoyable job you have ever
had.  The last order of business for the day is dealing with one
of your instructors.  George is a small, shy man who has been one
of the special 'Trainers' that have worked for you for the past
couple of weeks.  You have noticed that the way he has been
interacting with the students has been detached.  In particular,
he has not been forward with either the girls or boys about sex
and has carried out his duties like an automaton. It is time, you
think, to change all that.  One of your duties as headmistress is
to make sure that even the instructors are turned on all the
time.  You certainly are.  You have been thinking about what to
do with his all day and the thought of it has your pussy slippery
with your own juices.  You call George into your office.  He
walks in and stands in front of your desk.  You look him up and
down.  He is wearing what has become almost a uniform for your
male personnel, a light, white shorts, a short sleeved silk
shirt.  His face is flushed and he is so nervous that he is
trembling.  He has been told that he is to be disciplined today
and you are sure that he is wondering what form that discipline
will take.  You let his wait a little longer before you speak.  
"Hello George", you say, "Do you know why you are here?".  
George's keeps his head down as his voice becomes like a ten year
old kid, "Yes.  I'm here because I've been bad. I haven't been
sexy enough."  "That's right George.", you say, "And do you know
what we are going to do to you?"  George shakes his head slowly.  
"We are going to make sure that you like your body.", you say,
"When was the last time you had an orgasm?" George looks up at
you hesitantly.  His face is a deep red.  He is evidently embar-
rassed at the question.  You are now sure that he is simply
embarrassed about sex.  "About ten days ago.", he says.  You
smile at him.  "Please remove all of your clothes immediately.",
you tell him.  His face becomes even more flushed and you can see
his hands shaking as he begins undoing the buttons to his shirt.  
It is soon removed to reveal a very muscular chest.  George is an
average man and his chest is not large but very firm and are
topped with wide, pink nipples.  'Someone is going to enjoy lick-
ing and biting those nipples today', you think.  His shorts fol-
low and you see that despite your standing instructions, his cock
is not shaved.  It is, instead covered a blond furry patch of
hair.  A moment later he is standing again, now completely naked.  
"Please place your hands above your head.", you say.  George does
so.  His chest is now stretched against his body and his nipples
have begun to get hard.  You get up and begin walking around him.  
His ass is perfect.  It is round and firm and you run your hand
across it caressingly.  George gasps at this first touch.  As you
walk in front of him, still standing with his hands clasped on
top of his head, your hand moves to his balls.  You gently stroke
the left one, your fingertips barely touch the now turgid ball
which sticks out from his body about a half-inch.  It rises a
little further into your hand and George closes his eyes as he
enjoys the sensations.  You grasp the right nipple gently between
your fingers.  As you look closely into his face, you slowly
begin squeezing it harder and harder looking to see his expres
sion.  His breathing gets harder and harder until he is gasping.  
You let go of his nipple and look to see it dark pink and hard
like a little penis sticking out from his right chest.  "How do
you like your nipples pinched George?", you ask him, "Do you like
it gentle or hard?". George's voice is almost a whisper as you
hear him say, "I like it very hard."  You smile.  You sit back
down at your desk and ring for Doreen.  Doreen walks in immedi-
ately. She is a huge Swedish girl standing easily 6'2". She looks
like she should be playing football but she is, in fact, one of
the best masseurs you have ever met.  George is mortified by her
presence.  He goes to cover himself up with his hands.  "Put your
hands back up on your head young man!",  you say.  Reluctantly,
he does so.  Doreen smiles as her eyes seem to eat the young
blond up.  "Doreen, I say, "please take care of George.  His cock
is to be shaved and I want you to give his a thorough massage."
"Yes Miss.", says Doreen.  George is led over to the massage
table in the corner of the room and lies down on his back.  
Doreen fastens leather cuffs to his wrists and ankles and quickly
and efficiently restrains his to the table so that his hands are
stretched to the top and his legs are wide apart.  "He is already
hard Miss.", says Doreen.  You look down and see that it is true.  
George's own juices have soaked his long cock and balls and the
hair that covers them.  George is humiliated beyond belief.  He
turns his head to the side in shame.  'Your treatment seems to be
working', you think to yourself.  Doreen quickly cuts most of his
pubic hair away with a pair of scissors and then gently lays a
towel soaked in hot water on his groin.  George gasps as the heat
soaks into the already warm area.  When that towel becomes cool,
Doreen replaces it with another.  Within a couple of minutes,
George's hips are squirming slightly on the table.  Doreen
removes the towel and begins shaving his cock with a razor.  
George cannot help squirming as her hands manipulate the sensi-
tive area.  He gasps quietly as he pulls first one then the other
nut tight to allow him to shave everywhere.  Soon it is done.  
His prominent balls are beautiful.  It frames his long, pink cock
perfectly.  It is now hot and dark from the manipulations they
have received.  Doreen releases his legs from their restraints
and turns him over on the table.  She fills her hands with oil
and begins rubbing his back in long full strokes. Her hands move
down from his neck and up from his feet until he is covered in
warm oil.  George has been moaning contentedly with the sensation
of this massage and is now thoroughly relaxed. Doreen slowly and
sensuously rubs oil into his white buttocks, clearly defined by
his tan line.  Her hands delve deeper into the cleavage between
his cheeks and his strong fingers soon find his puckered hole.  
He gasps and his head raises up as Doreen penetrates his bottom
with one long oiled finger.  The hot oil has its effect, however,
and soon her finger is sliding in and out of his ass in long,
full strokes.  He doesn't resist as her hands gently spread his
legs.  Standing behind him as you are you can see his cock per-
fectly framed from behind.  Doreen's hands move lower and soon he
is oiling his large balls and cock from behind.  Doreen rolls his
over and begins massaging his chests. George is openly moaning
now.  You can see that his eyes are closed and his body continues
to wriggle on the table as he feels himself being touched by this
large, sexy woman. She pulls his sensitive nipples over and over
again with her slippery fingers and she arches his back to get
them closer to him.  Her hands move over his belly and down to
where she now wants them to be.  "Please let me come.", he says.  
Doreen looks at you and you shake your head. She now starts a
kind of teasing. She rubs his cock and occasionally slides a
slippery finger across his balls.  It feels to George like his
groin is on fire. He pulls at the straps around his wrists trying
to get free. His cock is now covered in a mixture of his own pre-
cum an oil and whenever Doreen touches it, it is like rolling a
marble around in a pool of oil.  George's hips buck upwards in an
effort to get the relief he craves but whenever he gets close,
Doreen stops.  The action is almost too much for you.  Your hands
have been playing with your own pussy and nipples since the
beginning and you have had about 3 orgasms so far.  You hand
Doreen a thin vibrator and he gently inserts it into George's
bottom.  He lets out a little cry and begs you to turn it on.  
You take your own vibrator and begin sliding it in and out of
your own soaking pussy.  Doreen now removes her own clothes and
gets up on the table.  His cock is huge but in the state George
is in, you are sure it is just what she wants.  His cock pauses
at the entrance of her white shaved pussy, just touching the
lips.  George is pleading with her to push it in.  He slides the
large knob of the head into her, parting her long, pink lips to
the side with it. George gasps at the feeling and closes his
eyes.  Doreen looks over at you for the final ok to give him the
relief he is begging for.  You reach down under them and turn on
the vibrator now lodged firmly in his bottom and tell Doreen to
go ahead. She starts pumping into him for all she's worth and
George screams in pleasure.  He begins coming almost immediately
in an orgasm that will last for a couple of minutes.  The con-
trast of his long shaved cock sliding into her pristine white
pussy is too much for you.  You pump your own vibrator into your
pussy for your fourth mind-blowing orgasm of the day.  Doreen
comes a moment later and soon you have all calmed down and are
sitting on the floor of the office having a drink.  You are all
exhausted.  George is still covered in oil and is leaning against
the wall.  He looks right at you, no longer concerned about his
nakedness, "Thank you.", he says, "I had no idea that it could be
this good.  I think I'm going to like the rest of my stay here
and I want you to know that you can 'discipline' me anytime."
You all laugh as your mind turns to what adventures tomorrow
might bring.

