FILE:    SCHOOL-1.TXT      CODE:        LENGTH:
TITLE:   School For Discipline (1 of 5)
AUTHOR:  Master Chris Collection #11
SOURCE:  House of Pain

     It is late spring and we are sitting down in the garden
having breakfast.  You are wearing your white satin silk pajama
bottoms and top.  I put down my newspaper and look at you.  "Are
you interested in spending your entire summer in an adventure?",
I ask.  Your heart skips a beat as you digest this tidbit of
breakfast conversation.  "What kind of adventure?", you ask.
"About an hour's drive north of here", I say, "is a very special
school.  People like the people you've met send their daughters,
sons, wives and so on to this school for a particular kind of
instruction.  The kids are between 16 and 25 years old and are to
be trained in bondage and discipline, in experiencing this type
of sex and in being both obedient and more sexually expressive.
You could be put in charge of that school.  You would have
several instructors working for you and you would probably have
between twelve and twenty students.  Sometimes wives or
sex-slaves are sent there for a few days of discipline or
training and you would also be in charge of their treatment."
Your entire body is flushed at the thought.  You pussy has gotten
uncomfortably warm and you are literally dripping with
excitement.  You shift your body on the chair and feel the smooth
satin glide across your clitoris.  You lick your lips and moan
softly, "Mmmmm.", "Well?", I ask, "Are you interested?"  "Yes!",
you reply.  Your mind is a jumble of thoughts as your fantasies
suddenly go into overdrive.  You barely hear me say, "Great!
We'll go up there on Monday an I'll come to visit every week.
     On Monday morning you and I take a leisurely drive to the
school.  It is in a beautiful secluded area north of the city.
The 'school', consists of one large building and several smaller
buildings nestled into the woods.  We enter the larger building
and it is not long before you have had the tour and met everyone.
There are no students yet arrived so you and the staff meet and
discuss the routine.  The 'instructors' are three women and one
man.  They are all attractive and all about your age.  They will
provide lessons in dressing, make-up, plenty of exercise and when
you say, specialized instruction of another kind.  The facilities
are extensive and include swimming in the small lake, volleyball
and horseback riding.  By lunchtime, you are feeling quite
settled and I return to the city to work.  You all enjoy a
delicious meal and then you sit down in your office ready for
your first interview with the first new student.  Your calendar
says that there is a total of fifteen students expected for the
summer who will be arriving over the next few days.  You will get
to interview each one.  The first is a young girl name Melanie.
Melanie's file contains a picture of the seventeen year old girl
showing her to be extremely pretty.  Her file says she is being
brought by her guardian who wants her to be more obedient and
sexually aware by the end of the summer.  She is described as shy
and quiet although the file states that she has already lost her
virginity to her first boyfriend who immediately dropped her.  No
pictures have been taken of her in the nude and her guardian
requests for some if possible.  You begin to get excited just
thinking about it.  Your hand slides down into your panties and
you begin caressing your clitoris.  You are so into it that the
knock on the door has you jump.  Melanie's guardian is announced
and a moment later he enters your office.  He is a tall, dark
haired man who is very self assured.  You are immediately
attracted to him.  You both sit down and you ask him to describe
what he would like done to Melanie.  "Well...", he says, "she is
a pretty girl but she is basically very shy.  She has had one
relationship with this jerk who screwed her and then left her
hanging and she has been quiet ever since.  I can see that it
would be easy for her to hide inside of herself and to never
experience sex again.  I figure that a summer here will handle
that forever.  I told very little about what to expect.  She
knows that she basically must obey everything that is told to her
or to expect the consequences.  I have disciplined her myself
with a bare-bottomed spanking from time to time and I've made her
stand in a corner showing her bottom for awhile but what I'd like
is to have her be more exhibitionistic and more aware of her body
by the end of the summer.  You smile as your pussy tingles at the
thought.  "Let's have her come in then.", you say.  Melanie is
led into the office and stands on the carpet in front of your
desk.  "Hello Melanie.", you say, "I am in charge of this school
and of your instruction this summer.  Do you know why you are
here?"  The girl blushes and hangs her head.  You are unable to
hear her mumble.  "Speak up Melanie!", you say "Yes", she
replies.  "Tell me then.", you say  "I'm too shy about my body
and about...sex.", she says.  "Very well", you tell her, "before
we can continue, you must be examined.  Please remove all of your
clothing."  Her head shoots up to look at you, not believing what
she has just heard and a deep blush hits her face.
"Immediately!", you say.  Her hands are trembling as they reach
for the buttons on her blouse.  One by one, the buttons are
undone and the blouse is finally removed to reveal a white lacy
bra holding well developed breasts.  She fumbles several times
before she is able to undo the zipper to her skirt but finally it
too falls to the floor.  Clad now only in her flimsy white
undergarments, she looks pleadingly at you hoping that she can
stay as she is.  "Please remove ALL of your clothing.", she is
told.  Her eyes close as she reaches behind her to unfasten her
bra.  She is trembling and it takes her a couple of tries to
finally undo the hooks.  Her breasts are beautiful.  She has a
distinct tan line showing the line of the one piece bathing suit
she has worn in the past and her breasts are sharply white
against the light tan of her body.  They are full and round and
frankly don't need the support of the brassiere.  The pink,
virginal nipples are already hard and sticking out from her body.
'They have never felt nipple clips.', you think to yourself as
you imagine her tender nipples pinched by the metallic clamps.
She hesitates for a moment with her thumbs in the waistband of
her panties and then, as though coming to a decision, she quickly
pulls them down her long, legs and off.  She stands up and hides
her curly brown pussy hair with her hands as she faces you.
"Thank you.", you say, "Now please clasp your hands behind your
head."  She blushes again as she obeys your command.  She is
deliberately avoiding looking at her guardian who has been
looking on with great interest.  You have her stand like that for
a moment watching her blush travel down to the level of her
breasts as she waits, quivering, for whatever comes next.  You
now turn to her guardian, "We shall continue from here and I am
sure you will be satisfied.", you tell him.  "Yes", he says,
"Thank you."  He kisses the embarrassed girl on the cheek and
leaves.  You have the girl put her hands back down.  You open
your desk drawer and take out two wrist restraints.  In a few
short moments, Melanie has her hands fastened behind her back so
that she is exposed and helpless.  You take a small jar of
ointment and you put a dab on each hard nipple.  She jumps at the
touch.  Within a minute, the ointment has begun to get her
nipples hot and she is beginning to squirm.  "During your time
here", you say, "you will become very aware of your body.  This
is your first lesson in that."  You watch her squirm for a moment
longer then you cross the room to sit in a straight backed chair.
"Come here.", you say.  Melanie follows and stands in front of
you.  You can see that the ointment is causing all of her
attention to be focused on her nipples.  You pull her across your
knee and give her bottom a light spanking.  When her pale
buttocks are a light pink, you order her to open her legs wide
apart.  She hesitates a moment and then obeys.  You apply a tiny
dab of the ointment to her exposed anus and hear her gasp at the
sensation.  Another dab is applied to her clitoris which is now
soaking in her own juices.  You stand her up and have her stand
with her back against the wall.  She is both squirming and
moaning now as the various sensations in her body turn her on.
You take out a camera and begin to take pictures.  She is so
aroused that she obediently poses in every wanton position you
demand of her.  Finally, she begs you to let her come.  You
unfasten her hands and you give her a plastic dildo.  She doesn't
hesitate but immediately slides the thick artificial cock into
her.  It takes only a moment before the dildo is gliding in and
out of her pussy in long, full, slippery strokes.  You continue
to take pictures of her face as it contorts in the ecstacy of her
first real orgasm.  You immediately re-attach her wrists behind
her back and remove the dildo.  She leans against the wall,
exhausted.  You call for one of your assistants who comes in and
leads the naked girl out of your office and up to her room.  You
are so turned on that you can't stand it.  You take the dildo,
still wet and slippery with Melanie's juices and you slide it
into your own soaking pussy.  A couple of thrusts and it is
imbedded to its fullest.  You sit back down in your chair and you
fell the dildo filling you up.  Your whole body tightens and
shudders as you surrender to your first mind-blowing orgasm of
the day.

