THE SPECIAL REFORM SCHOOL FOR GIRLS II
--------------------------------------
From "The Master Chris Collection".

STORY #28: LORI AND ROXANNE MEET

     It had been a full week since Lori's arrival at the Special
"Reform School for Girls".  She had experienced seven of the most
unbelievably exciting times of her life.  Most exciting of all
was the countless ways she had been disciplined.  Lori was no
stranger to being spanked by her parents but here she had been
punished in a variety of ways, each more exciting than the last.
As she woke up today and began arranging her room for
"inspection", she began to wonder what today's activities would
bring.  Her clothing was simple and the same every day.  She was
allowed to wear a light cotton dress that came down half way to
her knees.  It had buttons that went all the way down the back
and allowed the garment to be quickly removed or opened.  Like
all the other girls there, Lori was allowed neither panties or
bra.  Her feet were also kept bare.  The feeling of being
barefoot seemed to Lori to be more submissive than everything
else.  "I wonder what they'll do to me today?", wondered Lori
aloud.  The thought began to get the 16 year old girl excited.
She could feel herself begin to get hot and wet and it was only
morning!
     The door opened and Miss Paltir walked into the room.  Miss
Paltir had been in charge of Lori's development since her
arrival.  Lori immediately assumed her 'submissive position'.
She got down on her knees and spread them wide apart.  Her hands
were clasped behind her head with the elbows well back.  Lori's
eyes were cast downward submissively.  "Good Morning, Lori", said
the stern older woman.  "Good Morning, Miss", replied Lori.  This
was the way that every morning had started since the first day.
Lori's submissive nature was being reinforced until it became
second nature to her.  The sexual excitement that she felt at
being this way was all part of the training her parents had sent
her here to receive.  "Come with me Lori.", said Miss Paltir.
Lori quickly rose to her feet and followed the older woman out of
the room, padding barefoot behind her.  She was led into what she
had come to know as the "preparation room".  It was a small room
attached directly to the large salon where all of the training
sessions of Lori and the other girls took place.  It was here
that the teenage girls undressed and were prepared for their
sessions. Often they had leather cuffs and collars attached.
Lori had twice been brought in here to prepare other young girls
and had assisted in undressing them and putting their cuffs on.
She had once been ordered to lubricate the bottom of a pretty
fifteen year old girl.  She remembered that as one of the hottest
experiences of her life.  Just walking in here caused Lori's
heart to beat faster.  She could feel her juices begin to flow as
her pussy got uncomfortably warm.  "Remove your dress Lori.",
said Miss Paltir.  Lori pulled the thin garment over her head.
"Turn around.", said the older woman.  Obediently, Lori turned
until her back was facing her stern guardian.  Lori heard Miss
Paltir moving behind her and her anticipation grew as she
wondered what would come next.  A blindfold suddenly covered her
eyes and was attached in position.  Her hands were pulled behind
her and tied so that her right wrist was attached to her left
elbow and her left wrist attached to her right elbow.  It was not
uncomfortable but it forced Lori to arch her back thus presenting
her naked breasts more prominently.  Even her pussy was pushed
forward by the position.  She imagined what she must look like
with her hard pink nipples pressing outward and her smooth
shaven pussy lips prominently displayed.  Her pussy was already
wet and she imagined her master or mistress looking down to see
the hot juices on the smooth lips of her slit.  The thought made
her hotter still.  She felt the long cool fingers of Miss Paltir
pinching and pulling at her nipples, making them harder still
until they ached to be touched.  Lori couldn't contain a moan at
the sensation.  Now the hand moved slowly down Lori's belly all
the way to her pussy and sliding into her to find her wetness.
Lori blushed at how wet she was.  The hand stopped touching her
and Lori was left to stand still for a moment.  She could feel
her anticipation building.  She heard the door open and a large,
rough hand took her by the arm and led her into the main salon.
She followed obediently, still blindfolded.  She had no idea who
was in the room today.  It might have been only the principal, Mr
Walson or it might have been full of people.  She had no way of
knowing!  She was led across the carpeted floor and told to
stand still.  She stood there quietly wondering what would happen
next and feeling herself get wetter and wetter.  With her arms
crossed behind her, she was totally exposed and displayed for
whoever was in the room.  It was not a long wait, perhaps five
minutes and she heard the door to the side room open again.
Someone walked towards her and she heard Mr. Walson telling
someone to stand still.  Now Lori felt long cool fingers touching
her breasts.  Her nipples were still hard and Lori moaned softly
at the touch.  The fingers grasped her left nipple and pulled it
out from her body.  Lori felt the cool sensation of a nipple clip
being attached to her body.  It pinched her firmly.  She could
not contain a moan at the delicious sensation.  Her other nipple
was soon  also in the grips of the pinching device.  From just in
front of her Lori heard a sharp intake of breath and a soft moan
as the girl in front of her had nipple clips attached to her own
nipples.  Lori now felt a hand moving down her belly to stroke
her now, soaking pussy.  She moaned again and then blushed as she
heard the moan of the girl in front of her.  They were obviously
undergoing simultaneous treatment!  Lori's pussy was so wet that
her juices were literally dripping down her thighs.  She knew
that with her back arched like this, her pussy was wantonly
displayed, covered in her juices.  She felt two fingers slide
deep into her hot pussy and she pushed her hips forward against
the intruding hand.  The girl in front of her was now moaning
continuously.  Lori, now heard the voice of Mr. Walson, "Alright,
now attach them.", he said.  The fingers were removed and Lori
felt herself being pulled forward.  Her nipples were pulled by
the clips and she suddenly realized that her nipple clips were
now attached to the girl in front of her!  She could feel the
girl pulling gently on them and the feeling was incredible!
"Spread your legs girls.", said Mr. Walson and Lori and the other
girl obediently did so.  Lori had never been so embarrassed.  She
had no idea to whom she was now attached or who was now sharing
the identical sensations to her!  A hand reached between Lori's
legs and she felt the soft plastic of a dildo being pushed into
her pussy.  Lori bent her knees slightly to allow them easier
access to her.  The feeling of the dildo was strange until Lori
realized that it was also attached to the other girl!  It was a
long double dildo and the girls were now impaled on either end of
it.  As if that were not enough stimulation for her, Lori now
felt her buttocks being spread apart by the anonymous fingers of
someone in the room.  A long, slim finger gently lubricated her
bottom.  Lori could feel the girl in front of her shifting as
squirming as the same was being done to her.  Now the finger was
removed and Lori felt the much thicker sensation of a butt plug
being inserted.  It pushed in slowly but firmly and continued to
press inward until she was completely filled.  The hand
controlling this intruder continued to work the plug in and out
slowly forcing Lori forward on the dildo in her pussy until her
shaved lips pushed against those of her companion.  They were
shaved too!  The two girls were soaking and the sensation of
being filled and grinding against the other girls pussy was
electric!  Lori was now whimpering as she took in short ragged
breaths.  She knew she was close to coming and she also knew
that it would be unlike anything she had ever experienced.  The
anal dildo was pulled out for a moment and when it was
reinserted, Lori now felt something new.  There was some kind of
hot lotion on the plug!  The sensations coursing through her body
were now everywhere.  The nipples were being pinched by the
clips, her pussy was both filled to capacity and her hot clit and
shaven pussy lips were grinding against a strange girl's.  Her
anus was held open and was being stimulated by the sting of hot
lotion.  It was becoming too much and too make matters worse, (or
better!) every sensation she felt was magnified by being able to
feel the reactions of the girl in front of her.  Lori felt the
person behind her pulling her shoulders gently backward to
increase the tension on her nipples.  Lori knew she wasn't going
to be able to hold out much longer.  Hands reached up to undo her
blindfold and now Lori opened her eyes to look ahead at who she
was attached to.  It was her sister Roxanne!  Rox looked as
stunned as she was, but neither of them cared, Lori was humping
forward as hard as she could and she leaned back feeling the bite
of the clips on her nipples as she began to come.  Rox was coming
too and they cried out with one voice as their orgasms reached a
peak.  Again and again they came while pushing against each
other.  Lori felt her sister's body shake and tremble as another
wave of orgasm hit her again.  It seemed to go on forever.
Finally it was over.  Lori's legs felt like rubber as the butt
plug and the double dildo slid out of her.  The nipple clips were
removed and the girls were allowed to kneel on the floor together
in their "submissive" positions.  As they looked up there was the
second shock of the day.  Mom and Dad were sitting there right in
the room!  They had seen the whole thing.  "We're very happy with
their progress Mr Walson.", said Lori's mom, "Please keep up the
good work."  Lori glowed as her parents smiled at her.  This was
certainly the best summer vacation she had ever had.  And she had
two more weeks to go!
