STORY # 06                           THE MASTER CHRIS COLLECTION
DEMONSTRATION AT THE HOSPITAL
________________________________________________________________

     You are at your desk at the office when I call, "Hello", you
say.  "Hi", I reply, "tell me... what exactly are you wearing
right now?"  Your heart skips a beat.  This has become almost a
code phrase that means that you should be submissive.  You look
around you to see that on one can overhear.  "I'm wearing a
light, white silk blouse, a thin white cotton skirt, my lacy
white bra and bikini panties.", you whisper.  "What color are the
panties?", I ask.  "White.", you answer.  You can almost hear me
smile at the other end of the phone.  "Go to the washroom and
remove your bra and panties.  When you do up your blouse, don't
button it above the level of your nipples."  "But", you stammer,
"my blouse is practically see through!"  "Good", I say, "then
everyone should get a good look at your nipples."  I hang up and
you nervously make your way to the washroom to follow my
instructions.  Sure enough, when you look in the mirror, your
dark brown nipples are clearly visible through the blouse.  You
blush furiously as you move quickly back to your desk hoping that
on one will see you.  About ten minutes later I call, "Meet me
downstairs in fifteen minutes."  You are relieved that you will
be able to leave the office and not expose yourself anymore but
More [Y,n]? 
you are also apprehensive.  I arrive on time and as soon as you
get in the car you raise your skirt to your waist and spread your
knees.  "Very good.", I say.  It is not a long drive but at one
stop light, you look up to discover a truck driver looking down
at your exposed body.  From his vantage point, he can see right
down to your spread legs and shaved pussy.  You look away knowing
that you wouldn't be permitted to cover yourself.  The encounter
leaves you flushed and excited.  A few minutes later we arrive at
the entrance to a large city hospital.  You don't know what
you'll be doing here but you're sure it will be outrageous.  I
take you inside and put you in the charge of a nurse on the
second floor.  "Come with me.", she says.  She leads you down a
corridor and into a small room.  It is a shower room.  You can
see a young blond who has just finished her shower.  As she turns
toward you, you recognize the young girl you helped initiate in
the doctor's office!  She recognizes you also but neither of you
say anything.  The nurse instructs you to shower and then takes
the young blond, now covered in only a hospital gown, out of the
room.  By the time you have finished, the nurse is back.  After
donning your own gown, you are led out of the room and down
another corridor.  You go through a door and into a large, well
lit room.  Here you see fifteen to twenty doctors in a group.
They are obviously receiving a lecture and instruction from an
More [Y,n]? 
older doctor.  In the middle of the room are two examining tables
side by side.  On one table, the blond is already being used as a
demonstration.  A chill runs down your spine all the way to you
pussy!  You know now exactly what will be done to you.  The nurse
brings you over to the group and removes your gown.  You here a
whistle and you notice everyone looking at your shaved pussy.
You try to cover yourself with your hands but the nurse stops you
and guides you to the second table.  Soon you are lying there
completely exposed.  A doctor explains to the interns how to
examine you and you feel the awkward fumbling gloved fingers of
the young intern pulling your pussy lips apart.  You lips are
stretched wide apart to examine you and you feel just like a
little girl as you lie there passively.  The intern rubs his
finger across your exposed clitoris and you cannot stifle a moan
of pleasure.  A moment later, another intern, this one a young
girl, takes over and it is her who plays with your shaved pussy
lips.  As one after the other of the young doctor's touch you,
you get steadily more excited and more wet.  The doctor now show
the interns how to do an internal exam.  Soon strange fingers are
sliding into your soaking pussy.  You gasp and turn your head to
the side, embarrassed that they can all see the effect this is
having on you.  You see the young blond on the table next to you.
Her hips are slowly squirming on the examining table as a young
More [Y,n]? 
woman intern slides a lubricated finger into her bottom.  You
lock eyes for a moment just as a warm finger penetrates your
bottom to the hilt.  She smiles at you as you reflexively raise
your hips from the table.  Through it all, they provide you no
relief.  You are kept from coming again and again.  Finally, you
and your companion are lifted from the table.  The nurses give
your hospital gowns and you are again led back to the room where
you undressed.  As soon as the door closes behind you, one of the
nurses holds the blond's above her head.  The other looks at you
and smiles. "Lick her.", she says.  You are so hot that you don't
even hesitate.  You bend to lick her nipples that spring up at
the touch of your tongue.  You move your tongue all across them.
You bite down on her nipples gently at first then harder.  The
blond moans and wriggles in the arms of the nurse.  You drop to
your knees and move your tongue into her light blond fuzz.  She
is soaking wet and you delight in the taste of her.  It takes
only a moment and her whole body shakes as she comes.  The nurse
now takes you and holds you helpless as the blond drops to her
knees before you.  The second nurse begins pinching your nipples
as you feel the hot, rasping tongue of the young blond slave
slide between your smooth pussy lips.  You moan and quiver and a
moment later have one of the strongest orgasms you have ever
experienced.  You are moth allowed to dress and the nurse leads
More [Y,n]? 
you to the exit.  Your knees are a little weak as you get back in
the car.  I smile at you as you sit down and raise your skirt to
show me your soaking pussy.  "You were a good girl today.", I
say,  "Did you like the blond?"  "Mmmm, yes", you say. "Good.
next week you will be her mistress and she will be your slave.
What will you do with her?"  Your pussy tightens at the thought
of having that gorgeous young slave at your command.  "I think
I'll start by shaving her pussy.", you say, "Then I'll take her
outside into the woods and make her do wicked things."  You hands
move to your pussy as you think of it and a moment later you come
in your second orgasm of the day.
