MEETING WITH JAN by DJ

  Business meetings can be dull in a big corporation, but this was worse than
most.  Our boss, Ben, was giving us a long lecture on the state of the
marketplace as only he could tell it.  In his own mind he was the world's
greatest authority, but to the rest of us he was just boring.

  Sitting next to me was Jan, who was new to the department.  I could see that
she was trying her best to look attentive, but she was fidgeting around in her
chair as if she just couldn't  get comfortable.  Glancing over, I realized that
all the squirming was doing wonders for her skirt, which looked very
professional but had a nice slit up the side toward me.  I shifted around in my
chair so it wouldn't be so obvious that I was paying attention.

  During the next ten minutes or so, I got my first good look at Jan's legs.
I was impressed.  I hadn't really noticed quite how attractive she was before
this.  I've always been a leg man though, and Jan's were first rate, slim but
shapely.

  I glanced up to her face to take a better look, and caught the corner of her
eye as she looked away from me back up toward Ben as he droned on.  Uh oh, she
spotted me.  Better play it cool for a bit, I thought.

  Then I felt Jan's chair bump into mine.  I looked up at her and she mouthed,
"excuse me," silently at me.  I smiled, and she smiled back.  Was it my
imagination, or was the skirt up a little higher now?

  Ben called for the lights to go down as he started into his overheads.
Based on past experience, I knew that half the people in the room would start
nodding off and Ben would never notice.  I looked over at Jan.  She smiled
again, and gave me a sleepy look.  I shrugged back and whispered over to her,
"Try and stay awake somehow."  It was too dark to see distinctly but I thought I
saw her wink at me.

  She moved her chair close to mine and asked, "Is he always like this?"

  "No, he's usually more boring," I answered with a grin.  She giggled softly
and touched my thigh softly with her fingertips.  I was starting to get some
ideas on how to stay awake during the presentation.

  I moved my arm up casually and brushed against Jan's knee.  She moved a
little closer and smiled.  That was all the encouragement I needed.  And here I
thought that just because she was quiet she was straightlaced!

  I put my hand softly on her knee and gave it a slow rub.  She made sure to
keep her gaze fixed on the screen ahead, but I saw a trace of a smile and her
tongue flicked across her lips.  I moved my hand up to her thigh and gave a
little squeeze.  Quickly she brushed her hand over the top of mine and up my arm
to the elbow.  I moved up her thigh more, under her skirt now, and I heard her
sigh lightly.

  As I moved up, I felt her stocking end.  She wasn't wearing panty hose, she
wore real stockings!  Not too common in modern women, and very nice.  I stroked
her skin above the stocking.  She clenched her legs together for a moment,
giving my hand a squeeze, then parted them a little.  As if I wasn't getting
enough encouragement, she moved her hand over to my leg and gave my thigh a
squeeze.

  Getting bolder now with our little game, I moved my hand right up to her
panties.  They were very smooth, like real silk.  They were also very warm.
Glancing over at her I thought I could see the outline of her nipples poking at
her blouse.  I rubbed at her heated crotch with the back of my hand, letting my
knuckles press into her.  She clenched her legs again, holding me still right up
against her.  She looked over at me and gave me a sly, sexy smile  I felt her
hand move up to where I was making quite a tent out of my pants.  She gave my
cock a squeeze and a little rub.

  Then she removed her hand and pushed mine away from her.  For a second I was
startled, then I realized that the presentation was almost over.  I was in no
condition to stand up in front of everyone.  I moved my chair a little and
focused myself on the overheads.  That was enough to deflate anyone.  In a few
minutes the meeting ended.  I walked out of the room behind Jan and sneaked a
little feel on her rump, but she pretended not to notice and headed back for her
cubicle.  Wondering if this was just a little thrill or something more, I went
back into my office and tried to concentrate on a spreadsheet.

  After a bit I walked out to stretch my legs.  Somehow I happened to wander
past Jan's cubicle.  She noticed me and beckoned me in.

  "How's your calendar look this afternoon," she asked, all business.

  "Not bad."

  "Good, I had an idea in the meeting this morning and wanted to run it by
you."  I had trouble keeping a shit-eating grin off my face.

  "Super.  How about 4 o'clock?"  She nodded.

  It wasn't easy keeping my concentration that afternoon, but 4 o'clock rolled
around and Jan knocked on my door.  I stood and motioned her over to a chair,
then I shut the door and sat next to her.

  "Don't you usually sit behind your desk," she asked with a straight face.

  "Depends.  Are we keeping this formal?"  With a bit of a smirk I handed her
a business card and took her hand and gave it a shake.  She laughed.  Still
holding the hand, I gazed into her eyes and lifted her hand to my lips.
"Pleased to meet you," I said.

  She pulled her hand down to her leg then, all pretense gone.  I pulled her
toward me and kissed her full on the mouth.  Her tongue pushed against mine and
I moved my hand down to her ass and pulled her toward me.  She reached down with
both hands and undid my pants and zipper.  It must have taken 5 seconds and she
had my cock out and was stroking it in both hands.

  "Jeez, Jan!" I moaned.  "Take it easy."

  She shook her head no and smiled a wicked smile at me.  "My turn first.  You
have a gorgeous cock, and I want to make friends."

  She pushed my hands away from her body and stroked me with both hands, from
base to tip.  She tickled the crownwith one hand and moved the other down to my
balls, which were pulled up against my body because my cock was so excited.  I
don't think I was ever harder, and she seemed to appreciate that.  She started
stroking me vigorously with one hand while tickling my balls with the other.  I
groaned a little and leaned close to her, kissing her on top of the head.

  "You like that, do you?" she asked coyly.

  "Oh, yeah," was all I could say.

  She stroked me faster now, rubbing some of the pre-cum that oozed out of the
tip all over my cock, making it slippery.  She slowed down for a moment and my
hips started moving, almost of their own accord.  She liked that.  She started
rubbing me with one hand while setting the pace for my hips with the other.

  "Feels reall good?  Oh yeah, you like that.  Are you gonna give me a present
soon?"  I nodded.  This was too much, I was getting close.  "Mustn't make a
mess," said Jan.  She scooted off her chair onto her knees and put her lips to
the tip of my cock.  She stroked me with both hands.  I tried to push more into
her mouth but she wouldn't let me.  I felt myself going over the edge.  My cock
seemed to explode, and as soon as I started to cum she moved her mouth down over
my cock, sucking hard and still rubbing the base with her hands.  It felt like I
was cumming for hours, and she kept going until I was pretty soft.

  "That was incredible," I said, weakly.  She smiled, and stood in front of
me.  I put my hands on her thighs under her skirt.  I moved them up to her firm
ass, and pulled her panties down in a quick motion.  She had been wearing them
over her garters.  Ready for action.  I like that in a woman.

  I got down on my knees and she pulled up her skirt for me, slowly.  Her legs
were fantastic, and her dark bush looked pretty darn tasty.  I nibbled at her
thigh for a moment, then put my lips to her wet cunt.  She pushed my head into
her with one hand.  Not needing any hints, I started licking on her clit, up and
down, and sucking on it at the same time.  She stayed standing, and I kept
working.  I put a couple of fingers into her vagina and started working them
around while licking her button.  I moved a finger back to her anus, but heard a
soft "no" so I didn't go any farther.  I did start moving my head in circles
while I was licking her, and I could tell she liked it because she was moving
her hips along with me and pulling my head hard against her belly.  She gave a
gasp, then got very stiff.  I could feel her muscles working as she came and
came, without making a sound.  Her knees started to buckle but I held her
upright.

  She pulled up on my head, very gently, and I stood up.  We kissed deeply,
tasting each other's sex. My pants were down around my knees and her skirt was
bunched up against her waist.  We hugged and rubbed each other's backs and
kissed, hard.

  We both noticed at the same time that I was getting hard again.  She moved
back against my desk and gave a short hop so she was sitting on the edge.  Still
kissing, I pressed my cock up to the entrance to her hot pussy and started to
slowly push in.  She wrapped her long legs around me and pulled me all the way.
She was chewing on my lower lip, and I started thrusting into her like some kind
of sex maniac.  I felt her feet banging me on the ass and I started stroking her
tits, which were on the small side but seemed to be very sensitive, even with a
blouse and bra on.  I really couldn't manage to undo them at this point, so I
had to do the best I could.

  We thrust against one another like animals, we couldn't get enough.  I felt
her start to cum and I tweaked one nipple.  She was gasping against me and
urging me to stroke harder.  I didn't think it was possible to stroke any harder
than I already was, but I sure tried.  She came again, and after a few seconds
came another time.  Even though I'd come myself not too long before, I felt
myself getting close.

  "I'm cumming too," I whispered.

  "It's OK," she whispered back, gasping.  "Cum for me!"

  That was all I needed to hear.  I spasmed into her, and she rocked her hips
and milked every drop out of me.  I collapsed against her and nuzzled her ears.

  "Wow," I said.  "That wasn't bad!"

  "Not bad!"  She nipped the tip of my nose playfully.  "Well, we'll have to
see if we can manage to do better."

  I groaned.  "Have a heart, I'm only human," I whimpered.  She smiled and
hugged me close.

  We tidied up and left the office.  Later that night (or maybe the next
morning, I didn't check), I had to admit to her that we might have gotten it
right.

  The next day, I told my boss how much I had enjoyed yesterday's meeting.
"It was inspiring.  I really mean it."

  He looked pleased.  I sure was!


