THE MEETING

We have agreed to meet. I give you instructions to meet me in the lobby
bar of a local hotel.  Your are to wear a professional looking suit,
something that you might wear if you were meeting with your banker.  The
one requirement is that you wear a garter belt and stockings.  From my
voice you know that punctuality is required.  

At precisely the appointed time you enter and see me seated in a booth at
the back of the bar.  I motion and you walk toward the table.  You are
wearing a blue skirt with a matching jacket and a white silk blouse.  As
you walk the lapels of your jacket move away from your breast and I can
see the outline of your sheer bra through the white silk.  You have
completed your outfit with black high heels and dark stockings.  You look
very professional, yet strikingly sexual.

I welcome you and compliment you on your attire.  You sit next to me in
the booth and we order drinks.  I can tell you are nervous.  You are not
sure what will be asked of you, but you have resigned yourself to comply
with my instructions for the evening.  The thought of the unknown excites
you and you are already becoming damp between your legs.

"Have you done as you were instructed?" I ask.

You give me a quizzical look, unsure of the question.

"The garter belt," I prompt.

You lower your eyes and nod your head yes.  You are not use to wearing a
garter belt and are a little embarrassed.

"Show me," I gently command.

You hesitate and look around, then at me.  I tell you that the longer you
wait to follow such a simple instruction the greater the cost to you later
in the evening.  Your eyes convey your indecision.  Again you look around
the room to see if anyone is watching us.

"Show me now!" I say quietly.  

There is a slight tremble in you hands as you slowly move them form the
table to the edge of your blue skirt.  You grasp the hem with both hands
and reluctantly inch the hem up along your thighs, all the time looking
around the room.  You first expose just the clasps of the garter belt.  I
tell you to continue.  As the hem moves further up, the bare skin of your
thighs is exposed, the light color of your skin is in sharp contrast to
the black garter.

I tell you I am pleased and you are to leave your skirt the way it is,
half way up your thighs, exposing your bare skin and the tops of your
stockings.  You feel the dampness between you legs grow.  We continue to
talk and sip our drinks.  

After I have ordered us a second round of drinks, I tell you that I have
another task for you.  You are to go to the ladies room and remove your
panties and bring them back to me.  From now on when we are together you
are not to wear panties unless you are specifically instructed to do so.  

Again you hesitate, looking around, not sure of what you should do.  "Must
I?" you whisper.

Again I tell you that this will cost you later on.  When you disobey or
question me you will be punished.  You had best do as I say.  I repeat my
instructions and you slip from the booth and make your way to the ladies
room.

Your return in a few minutes.  By the look in your eyes I can see that you
have complied with my instructions.  As you take your seat beside me I
have you give me your panties and tell you to resume the same exposure of
your stockings and legs as before.  But now we both know that nothing but
a few inches of blue skirt separates you from being totally exposed to my
gaze.  You can feel the cool air against your warm, white skin,

"Now I am going to tell you some of what I will have you do," I calmly
inform you.  "We are going up to my room.  Once inside I am going to strip
you naked, one piece of clothing at a time.  I am going to fondle you.  I
will have you expose all of yourself to me.  I am going to touch you and
probe you.  There will be no part of you I have not touched, seen or
tasted when I am through."

Your breath quickens and you move nervously in your seat.

"Next, you will receive a spanking on you bare bottom.  This is for the
hesitations earlier.  Your cheeks will be crimson when I am finished."  As
I speak my hand moves to your leg and you jump as if a small electric
shock has hit you as my fingers come to rest on your bare thigh, just
below the hem of your skirt.  I slowly move my hand up under you skirt,
stopping just short of the valley between your legs.  "Do you understand?"
I ask.

"Yes," you gasp, "I understand".

When we reach the room I put out the Do Not Disturb sign and bolt the
door. I sit down on the couch and tell you to remove your jacket and stand
in front of me.  
Next I have you turn slowly around, finally stopping you with your back to
me.  I rise and come up behind you and place my hands gently on your
shoulders and move my lips close to your ear.

"Now I am going to strip you naked," I whisper in your ear.  I slowly move
my hands down the front of your chest.  I can feel your pulse pounding as
my left hand come to rest just over your heart.  

My hands continue on their downward path, outlining the swell of your
breast, lightly touching your hardening nipples.  I move my hands
underneath your breasts and cup them, massaging them through the silk
cloth of your blouse.  You feel my body move up against you, pressing into
you from behind.

Next I begin to unbutton your blouse.  When I have it completely opened I
take me hands and begin again their journey down your front, this time
touching your bared skin.  I linger at the tips of your breast, rolling
your nipples with my fingers through the sheer material of your skimpy
bra.

I finally remove your blouse completely.  You are left standing in your
lace bra, your hard nipples straining against the light fabric.  I move
around you and watch your chest move up and down with each quickened
breath.  

"Now remove your bra," I tell you.  

You inhale sharply, then move your right hand to the clasp behind you.  As
it springs free the straps fall off your shoulders, your other hand holds
the material to your body.  You lower your eyes and slowly remove your
hand.  The sheer piece of lace and elastic slips from your grasp, fully
exposing your naked breast to my gaze.

I reach out and take your swollen nipples, slowly twisting them, causing
them to become even more extended.  You let out a small gasp and close
your eyes.  I lean forward and take each nipple into my mouth and taste
them with my tongue, leaving them glistening when I finish.  You let out a
sigh.

"Now the skirt," I command.

You hesitate.  You realize that I have your panties in my pocket and you
will be completely exposed when you remove your skirt.  You will be
totally naked except for your garter belt and stockings.  

"That will be 10 more spanks," I calmly tell you, " on top of the 20 you
already had coming brings us to 30.  Do you care to up the ante?"

You quickly unzip your skirt, letting it fall to the floor, and step
clear.  You stand before me, completely naked except for your stockings
and garter belt.  The black garter belt frames you sparsely covered 
mound.  It is an exquisite sight.  

I notice goose bumps on your thighs and casually stroke your leg.  You
take in a large breath as my hand moves up your leg to your stomach,
pausing only for a moment, then continuing upward to your breast.  I
squeeze your left nipple as I bend forward and kiss you full upon your
lips.   

I sit down upon the couch and have you stand close, facing away from me. 
"Lean over and grasp your knees,"  I tell you.  I take both hands and
begin to explore the cheeks of your beautifully framed ass.  I pry your
cheeks apart with my thumbs, exposing your crinkled hole, opening it
slightly with my explorations.  

I take my right hand and move it down between your legs, running my
forefinger along the groove between your lips, letting it slip between
them.  You are very wet and my finger is quickly coated with your juice. 
I run my lubricated finger up and down between your lips, then back and
forth from your anus to your hard little button.  After a minute of this a
small moan escapes your lips and you move your hips back towards my hand,
trying to trap my probing finger.

"Not yet," I tell you.  "When I am ready."

I have you straighten up and turn to face me.  Your mound and pubic hair
glisten with your own juices and your lips are swollen.  I reach forward
and gently take hold of a lock of your lightly colored pubic hair between
my thumb and forefinger, pulling it out to its full length.  "We will take
care of this later."

I stand up, still holing on to your blond hair and move you to the couch. 
I have you climb upon the couch on your knees, facing the wall, your hands
on the back of the couch with your ass sticking out, your knees wide
apart.  I take my hand and rub your fully exposed slit. 

"Now it is time for your spanking,"  I say as I move to the side and place
my left hand on the small of your back.  "When you are naughty you must be
punished.  When you are good you will be rewarded, but now you will be
spanked.  Do you understand?"

"Yes," you meekly respond.  You do not know what to expect and your heart
is racing.  

Whack!  My hand catches you by surprise and your buttocks tighten as you
let out a gasp, more in surprise than in pain.  I continue to place my
hand firmly across one cheek then the other.  Whack!...Whack!..  "ooohhh,"
 you let escape, almost a whisper.  Whack!  My hand lands again.  Whack! 
Whack!  "Ahhh," you squeak as I put more force into it.  After six good
ones I stop and rub my hand across you reddening bottom.  

I move my hand down between your legs and slip a finger into your now
gaping, wet hole.  This brings a moan from your lips which is met with
another hard slap to your bottom with my other hand.  I feel your muscles
contract around my finger which is buried deep inside of you.  

Now I commence to give you the full 30 spanks, stopping ever so often to
massage your glowing cheeks, or slip a finger or two up inside you.  By
now your juices are running down your inner thigh and you are moaning with
each impact of my hand.

"Now it is time," I tell you.  "Turn around."

You turn and face me, kneeling on the couch.  My rock hard cock is
straining to break out of the confines of my pants.  I unbuckle my
trousers and push them, along with my underwear, to the floor.  My harden
penis slaps up against my stomach as it is freed from my shorts.  

"Suck me" I command as I lean forward toward your mouth.

You reach out and grab my cock with both hands and guide it to your eager
mouth and begin to hungrily suck and lick me.  You pull me into you,
taking the entire length of my penis in your mouth.  We begin a rhythmic
dance of movement as I put my hands to your head and you grasp my
buttocks.  

The pace quickens and you feel the head of my cock swell to an even
greater size and my balls tighten.  With a loud moan I shoot my pent up
load deep into your sucking mouth, shuddering with each thrust.  You suck
me completely dry.

I fall to the couch next to you.  You lean over into my lap and I stroke
your back as you lick and suck me clean.  "You have been very good," I
praise, "and as I promised, when you are good you are rewarded.  It is
time for your reward."

I lead you toward the bed...

-End-
