Melissa: A Chance Encounter  (MFmf inc)
By: Eros


Ted loved his afternoon jog. Not only did it keep him in shape, but the
path he usually took was always filled with gorgeous young women and
girls, most of whom used jogging as an excuse to show off their firm,
sexy bods. They were invariably clad in tight, skimpy running shorts and
even tighter tee-shirts, leaving little to the imagination. The sight of
so many pretty young things bouncing along the path usually made Ted
hotter than the exercise itself, and by the time he got home to his
wife, he was in the mood for a good long fuck to let off steam.

Today was no different, and as Ted rounded a corner along his usual
route, he saw a stunning redhead running in the same direction as he
was, about fifty yards up ahead. "Mmmmm, that's real fuckin' nice!", he
breathed, watching the cute, round cheeks of the girl's ass bounce
enticingly up and down with every step she took. "Jesus, what I wouldn't
give for some of that right now.", he mumbled to himself. Ted increased
his speed, trying to close the gap, but after a while, he realized that
he wasn't going to catch up to the athletic young girl without wasting a
lot of precious energy.  In desperation he looked around for a short cut
of some sort, and immediately spotted a side trail leading off to his
left that looked promising.  Ted decided to try it. He veered off the
main path and headed down the the partly overgrown track.

"Not what you'd call a well worn path.", he thought to himself, dodging
the frequent low branches and jumping over the tree roots and fallen
logs that threatened to trip him at every step. He began to regret his
hasty decision as the track got worse and worse, finally becoming so
overgrown that Ted had to stop and get his bearings.

"Fuck!", he cursed, as he realized that the path had disappeared
completely.
"No way am I gonna get through there."

With a shrug, Ted turned and headed back the way he had come.  He only
got a few paces before a faint noise caught his ear. He stopped and
listened. There it was again!  It was faint but audible and seemed to be
coming from behind the bushes off to his right. Ted bent down and
squinted into the undergrowth. He could see nothing, but the noise
became louder.

Curious now, Ted carefully pushed aside the branches and moved towards
the direction the sounds appeared to be coming from. As he crept
silently into the bushed, the noise became louder and clearer until
suddenly the dense undergrowth thinned, and there, in a small clearing
was the source of the mysterious sounds. It was couple of young kids, a
boy and a girl, both half naked on the grass near the edge of the
clearing.

The girl was wearing what was left of her school uniform. She was lying
on the grass on her back, with her knees bent and her legs spread wide,
her white panties bunched lewdly around one slim ankle. The teenaged boy
was between the young girl's open thighs, his pants pulled down to his
knees, and he was fucking her plump, sparsely-haired cunt with all his
might. The sounds he had heard were the girl's moans of pleasure as the
thin, boyish cock drove deep into her tight, wet little hole.

The girl, who looked about fourteen or fifteen, had her eyes closed and
her supple young body arched, straining to receive her lover's pumping
cock. Each time the boy plunged his little prick into her pussy, the
girl let out a loud moan, obviously enjoying the small amount of
penetration he was able to give her. Ted could see clearly between their
writhing legs, and gasped at the sight of the girl's compact little
twat.  Each time the boy withdrew his stiff prick from her narrow,
juvenile slit, the pretty little kid's cuntlips pulled out around it,
clasping the boy's stiff cock like a tiny, puckered mouth. "Jesus, she
must be tight!", thought Ted, as he marvelled at the wondrous sight of
the girl's cock-filled cunt spread out before him.

His own prick began to swell uncomfortably in his pants, and Ted dropped
a hand down to grip the stiffening erection, rubbing his fingers along
its hard length as he watched the tremendously arousing activities
taking place in the clearing. The girl was bucking her hips now, jerking
her small, almost hairless cuntmound up at her lover's plunging cock in
time with his fierce, downward stabs...  moaning and groaning in ecstasy
all the while.  "God, she's hardly even got hair on her pussy yet!... 
and she's out here in the woods with her legs in the air, fucking like a
damn pro!", thought Ted, becoming more and more excited by the minute.

The girl's blouse was open, revealing her firm, young titties.  Ted was
pleasantly surprised to find that they were not as small as he had
expected for a girl that age. They were conical-shaped, with large pink
nipples, just right for sucking on.  As if reading Ted's mind the boy
bent his head and began nibbling on the mouth-sized little morsels,
sucking them into his mouth while his cock slid continuously in and out
of her hot, eager hole. "That's it kid...throw it to her!", Ted
whispered to himself.  "Fuck her good!...Make the the horny little slut
really feel it!"

Ted was staring at the girl's juicy, pink cunt, wishing it was him
stuffing his big, hard man-prick into her tight little fuckhole instead
of her underdeveloped boyfriend. The lad's cock was tiny compared to
Ted's, but judging by the way the girl was hunching her hips up at him,
begging for more, Ted was confident that even his mammoth prick would
fit into that well oiled little sheath...with little room to spare..... 
God, that would really be something else!

Ted was just about to pull his cock out of his pants an jerk himself to
a well earned climax when the boy shuddered and slumped against the
girl's heaving chest. Her tight, hot little pussy had obviously been too
much for the inexperienced lad, and he had spent his load prematurely,
ejaculating a sudden stream of boy-cum into the girl's still-unsatisfied
young cunt. As the boy pulled out his rapidly deflating cock, and rolled
off her, the look on the pretty youngster's face told him he had been
correct.  She hadn't cum yet, and by the way she scowled at him, she was
definitely not pleased about the situation. She said something to the
boy and he replied with a look of anger on his face. Ted couldn't hear
what they were saying, but it was clear that an argument was taking
place, the subject of which, was not hard to guess.

The boy said something and suddenly stood up, pulling on his pants. The
girl hadn't moved since her young lover had rolled off her. Her legs
were still spread wide apart and Ted feasted his gaze on her
recently-fucked cunt. The tiny cuntlips were puffy and very slightly
parted, only a few drops of semen and cuntjuice escaped the narrow slit.
Ted smiled to himself. Most women's cuntlips hung obscenely open after a
good fuck, letting a veritable tide of sperm and pussy-cream flood out
to run slickly down into the cracks of their ass. This young girl was
excitingly different, the answer to Ted's most secret fantasy. "She
couldn't have been fucking for very long, with a pussy as tight-looking
as that." he thought. "Mmmmm!...but the way she squirmed and begged for
more as her little boyfriend drilled her, meant that underneath that
young exterior, she was a sexual volcano ready to blow!."

The thought filled Ted with uncontrollable lust...he'd give anything to
shove his big cock into her horny, little cunt and continue right where
her unfortunate young lover had left off. Suddenly Ted had an idea. He
pushed through the thin cover of bushes through which he had been spying
on the fucking pair, and stepped into the clearing. The boy looked up
first, seeing Ted heading towards him, fled into the bushes. The girl
was still lying on the grass, naked from the waist down. She didn't see
or hear him approach because she had her arm across her face and she was
crying.  Her slender young legs were still wide apart, and her little
tits still poked provocatively through the front of her open blouse. As
Ted got closer, he could see that her pretty little cunt wasn't as
hairless as he'd first thought. It was covered with a light down of pale
brown fuzz, almost invisible until you got close enough to see it.

He stood above her, taking in the adolescent beauty of the pretty young
girl. She still hadn't noticed him. Her crying had subsided a little by
now, but occasionally, small sobs wracked her slender frame. As he
watched, she dropped a small hand to her pussy and slipped her middle
finger inside the swollen cuntlips, rubbing busily at her neglected
little love-bud. Ted felt sorry for the girl as he stared at her slick
fingers working desperately inside her eager young snatch...her obvious
need magnified his own. How could anybody leave a gorgeous young thing
like her in this state?  Ted cleared his throat loudly to get her
attention.

Lost in a hazy cloud of self-gratification, the girl must have thought
it was her boyfriend, because her finger remained deeply imbedded in her
cunt as she took her hand from her face and looked up. When she saw Ted,
she looked quickly around for her boyfriend. He was nowhere in sight,
which made her even more frightened. As she looked back up at Ted, her
tiny mouth opened and her deep brown eyes went wide with shock. 
Suddenly realizing that her finger was still inside her pussy, she
quickly pulled it out, trying desperately to cover both her tits and her
cunt at the same time, without success. Ted looked down at her, faking a
stern face.

"What the hell do you think you're doing, young lady?", he bellowed. 
The girl tried to stand up, but when she realized that would mean
exposing either her tits or her cunt once more, she decided against it,
and pulled her knees up in front of her instead. Tears began to flood
her eyes as she tried to answer him.

"N...n...nothing!", she sobbed, looking up at him with big innocent
little-girl eyes.

"Don't tell me you were doing nothing!", thundered Ted. "I saw you with
that boy!...You two were fucking, weren't you?"

"Oh, p...please, mister, don't tell anybody...my father will kill me!"

"How old are you anyway", barked Ted, trying his best to be as menacing
as possible to the frightened young girl.

"S..s..sixteen..."  Ted looked her up and down, somehow he didn't
believe her.

"How old?", he scowled.

"Um...fourteen...and a half....I am, honest!", replied the girl
tearfully. Ted's cock twitched in his pants.

"How long has that boy....ah, what's his name?..."

"Robbie", she answered. "His name's Robbie."

"Right...How long has this Robbie kid been fucking you?"

The girl didn't answer. She hung her head, ashamed to tell such an
intimate detail to a total stranger.

"Look at me girl! Now, tell me...how long have you and Robbie been
fucking?"

"Th...  this was only the second time."

"Jesus, no wonder she looked so damn tight." thought Ted.

"What's your name?"

"Melissa.", sobbed the girl.

"Melissa what?", he growled.

"Melissa Harvey"

"Harvey...Harvey...", muttered Ted, pretending to recognise the name. 
"I think I know your mother."

"You know my Mom?", whined Melissa, her eyes as big as plates. "Oooh
Jesus, don't tell her about this, please?  Please don't!"

Ted sat down close beside the girl and put an arm around her young
shoulders. He put his other hand on her knee in a fatherly manner,
careful not to alarm her. Her smooth, young flesh was incredibly firm,
and warm to the touch, almost feverish...hot and damp with the sweat of
her recent love-making.

"I won't tell a soul, Melissa...as long as you don't, honey.", smiled
Ted as he gently parted her tightly closed thighs.

"What do you mean?", asked the frightened girl, sobbing occasionally.

"This is what I mean baby.", muttered Ted.

He pulled his erect cock out of his shorts and placed her tiny hand on
it. The girl instinctively gripped his huge erection, gasping with a
mixture of surprise and excitement as her tiny fingers wrapped around
the long, hard shaft. She looked at it with sparkling eyes, mesmerised
by the sheer size of it. Suddenly Melissa realized what she was doing. 
She was feeling the cock of a perfect stranger!

"No, mister!  Please....we shouldn't!", she exclaimed. Ted noticed that
although her voice protested, her hand never left his cock.

"Call me Ted, honey!", he replied, sliding his hand up between the
girl's creamy young thighs. "Of course we should, baby...I can tell you
want it as much as I do! You want me to finish what Robbie started don't
you?" Melissa felt a shiver of pleasure surge through her loins at his
intimate touch, and nodded her head.

Ted bent down to her face, and his warm mouth settled on hers. He spread
her tender lips apart and slid his hot tongue between them. Melissa's
brain seemed to spin with excitement as he stroked his tongue inside her
mouth. Her heart began to throb and her entire body shivered with
adolescent lust. She opened her mouth wider and wider, responding to
Ted's passionate kiss. Her thighs inched further apart, not because Ted
was pushing them apart, but because she was getting so very, very hot
between them.

While Ted dipped his tongue into the girl's warm, honeyed mouth, his
hands roamed freely over her smooth, pubescent body, seeking the warm
softness of her young pussy. His fingers moved lovingly down over her
firm, round belly...a little lower and there it was. No hair to disguise
it, no womanly bush to tell his fingers where to go, just a light, peach
fuzz of soft, downy cunt-fur.

Ted's cock throbbed with excitement, jerking suddenly in Melissa's tiny
hand as he slipped a finger inside the girl's slick cuntslit. It didn't
go in very far, the tightness of her young loins preventing penetration
for the moment. But there was moisture there, and plenty of it.

"Mmmmmmmmmm!", the girl moaned, her hot, young mouth still glued firmly
on his. The way Ted was kissing her, and the sudden penetration of his
big finger in the warm, wet slash of her cunny was making her shake with
excitement, and before long, Melissa found herself responding eagerly to
the erotic stimulation of Ted's expert touch. Ted pulled his mouth from
hers.

"You like that, don't you, honey?", he gasped, pushing his finger
further into her tight, juvenile pussy.  "Tell me, Melissa!...tell me
much you like my finger in your hot little cunthole, baby!"

Melissa looked up at him, her wide brown eyes deep pools of adolescent
lust. She didn't care that he was a stranger, all that mattered right
now was the pleasure his finger was generating in her extremely aroused
young pussy.

"Oh Ted!  It feels so nice! Put it in deeper...play with me...please!"

The girl was panting now, her cheek pressed tightly up against Ted's
shirt-front. His finger felt more than just nice, it felt absolutely
wonderful...better even than Robbie's stiff little prick had felt only
minutes earlier. Bending her dimpled knees, Melissa spread her thighs to
make his access easier. Ted was quick to accept the obvious invitation,
and began to move his finger in and out of her tight, warm snatch, still
unable to penetrate further than the second knuckle.

"God, you're fuckin' tight, honey!", Ted whispered. "I can't wait to get
my cock in there.  Jesus, it feels like my finger's stuck in a goddamn
vice!" His cock throbbed powerfully in her tiny fist. Ted grabbed her
curled fingers and began to move them on the huge shaft. "Like this,
Melissa!", he said. "Rub your fist up and down my cock real tight.  Use
both hands if you like, baby."

The girl put her other hand around his mammoth prick and began to move
them both up and down....in different directions. Ted groaned with
pleasure. He had never felt such a light yet firm grip on his cock
before, and the way she was moving her tiny little fists in opposite
directions at the same time was simply unbelievable. No woman had ever
jerked him off like that before, and now a fourteen-year-old schoolgirl
was giving him the best hand job he had ever experienced in his life. 
It was fuckin' fantastic!

Melissa thought it was fantastic too. She couldn't believe it was really
happening. Here she was, sitting half naked in the bushes, jacking off a
total stranger while he played with her pussy. She had felt ashamed, at
first, and frightened, but as soon as Ted's finger touched her hot
little slit, Melissa thought only of the pleasure he was giving her. He
was kind of cute too, she decided, even if he was old enough to be her
own father. Melissa shivered as she thought of her father again. He was
handsome too, handsome and well built, just like Ted. Wild thoughts
filled her confused young mind as the pleasure built within her loins. 
Soon, she began to fantasize, that it was her father's cock she had in
her hands, and that the stiff finger wriggling around in her juicy young
twat, was his too.

"Mmmmmmm, Daddy!", she moaned under her breath.  "...yes, Do it to me!" 
Ted smiled as he heard those words, and decided to play along with the
horny young kid's incestuous fantasy. He found her tiny budding clit and
rubbed it gently between thumb and forefinger, watching her squirm
against his hand with delight. She humped her young crotch up at him,
gasping for breath, wanting deeper penetration.

"Do you like that, Melissa!", he breathed hotly into her ear. "Do you
like Daddy rubbing your sweet little clitty for you, honey?"

"Ohhh yes!", she panted. "It's wonderful! You're making me feel good all
over!"

"What about my cock, baby?...What about Daddy's hard, stiff cock?",
asked Ted, becoming more and more aroused as he played out the exciting
charade with the young girl.

"God, it's beautiful, Daddy!...but it's so huge! I can't get my fingers
all the way around it!...Am I rubbing it the right way?"

"Christ, yessss!", groaned Ted. His cock felt like it was going to
explode before he was ready. If he didn't do something quick, he was
going to spray come all over the horny little girl's naked, heaving
belly.

"Lie back and spread your legs, Melissa, honey!", he said suddenly. 
"Daddy wants to kiss his little girl's sweet honey-pot."

Melissa didn't know what Ted was talking about. He wouldn't really want
to kiss her between the legs, would he? It was awfully wet down there,
what with Robbie's spunk and her own pussy-cream, how on earth could
anyone even think of kissing her there?  she thought. But, as Ted pushed
her gently backwards, Melissa didn't object. As long as he kept giving
her pleasure and didn't hurt her, she was happy to go along with
anything the handsome man wanted.

Ted knelt between her legs and grasped her thighs, opening them wide
apart. Melissa looked up at him, watching intently as Ted pulled off his
shorts and shirt. His body looked strong and muscular, and huge as he
towered over her like a giant. A big friendly giant, thought Melissa,
her young eyes drawn once more to his erect cock. She reached for it and
began to squeeze firmly on the mighty pole, her other hand dropping
automatically to her pussy. Ted looked down as the girl's middle finger
slid wetly into the top of her tight fur-lined little cuntslit.

"Yes, that's it...play with yourself first, sweetheart!", he encouraged.
"Show Daddy how you bring yourself off, Melissa!  Make your hot little
cunt nice and wet and juicy for Daddy's tongue!"

"I will, Daddy!", she cried, inserting another small finger into her
wide-stretched slit. Her delicate, conical breasts stood high and
tapering on her young chest, the twin peaks pointing firmly straight up,
their whiteness almost translucent in the filtered sunlight. Her crinkly
little nipples were baby-pink, the most delightful colour that Ted had
ever seen.

"God, honey!  Your little titties are so beautiful!", he said huskily,
wrapping his long fingers around them.  He squeezed, causing Melissa to
moan and arch her back as she pressed her budding mounds eagerly against
his hard, rough hands.  She bit her lips as wild thrills coursed through
her young body.

"Ohhhh, that's nice, Daddy, but I want more!", she moaned.  "Suck 'em! 
Suck my titties, please!...  Ooooooo, Jesus, lick 'em and suck 'em,
Daddy!"

Ted bent and wrapped his lips around one of Melissa's firmly out-thrust
tits, sucking the hard little nipple to full, throbbing erection,
causing the excited young girl to gasp and writhe in ecstasy. 
Transferring his ravenous mouth to her other breast, Ted sucked that one
to a similar state of arousal. Intense, throbbing thrills coursed
through her loins as her fingers teased and rubbed her clit in time with
Ted's nipple sucking.

"Oh, God!  I can't stand it!", she whimpered. "Your mouth feels sooo
good!" As he sucked her breasts, Melissa continued fingering her rapidly
moistening pussyslit, rubbing his cock at the same time. It felt so good
that soon her taut little ass began to wiggle and squirm on the ground.
"Oooooh, the grass!", she exclaimed suddenly. "It's tickling me!"

"Where, darling...where?", Ted asked, lifting his mouth from the girl's
delicious young tits.

At first the little girl had tried not to use the words that her parents
and teachers had said were vulgar and obscene. But when Ted used them,
it excited her, and as her excitement increased, Melissa's childish
inhibitions evaporated rapidly.

"My cunt!", she giggled. "The grass is tickling my cunt like crazy!"

"Ohhh, sweetheart, you know those words, don't you?", Ted husked,
kissing the tip of her freckled nose. "You can use 'em all with me,
baby!"

"Ohhh, Daddy! I want to! It makes me so hot when you talk dirty to me!"

"Me too, baby!", said Ted. "Would you like me to kiss you between the
legs now?...I think you're more than ready for it."

"Mmmmmmm, yes, yesss!...Kiss me, Daddy!...Kiss my pussy! Kiss it real
hard!"

Ted bent his head between the girl's thighs and spread her legs wide. 
He looked closely at the pink, pulsating gash of her little cuntal
orifice. It was beautiful, as only a young girl's pussy could be, the
pink, pouting lips drawn back into a hungry grin of adolescent desire. 
With a gasp of pleasure, Ted stared at the copious moisture which was
visible along her tender slit. He couldn't wait to lick that up!

Surprisingly, Melissa felt no shame as she lay with her legs spread wide
apart. Ted's eyes on her naked pussy seemed to have the opposite effect,
serving only to intensify the young girl's excitement. She held onto his
shoulders as Ted bent forwards and touched his lips to her quivering
little twat. Melissa groaned as Ted pulled aside her tight, pink
pussy-lips and sank his stiffened tongue as far as he could inside the
girl's warm, juice-filled cunt.

"Oooooohhhhh! Wowwwwww! God! Uhhhh...your tongue....It f..feels...
ummmm...feels so gooooood Daddy!", she groaned, sprawling back on the
grass, her slender young hips squirming helplessly as Ted licked and
sucked her tasty little pussy.

Her senses reeled and her mind jumped with lurid fantasy shapes as Ted's
long, flicking tongue sent her on a merry-go-round ride of unparalleled
pleasure. His mouth on her open cunt was the most excitingly sexy
sensation the aroused little fourteen-year-old had ever felt, and soon,
in response to his lingual ministrations, her hot young cunt began to
reward him with a veritable flood of clear, fragrant girly-juice.

Ted began to suck her hungrily, vacuuming the dewy droplets into his
mouth as though his life depended on it. She tasted wonderful. He had
always enjoyed the taste of pussy, but compared to the usually strong
female flavour he was used to, Melissa's dainty little cunt tasted pure,
chaste and innocent. Her juices were like honey in his mouth, and Ted
sucked up every last drop. He was vaguely aware of the sounds she was
making...they were the whimpers and moans of a young girl experiencing
real sex for the first time, a girl who stood on the brink of a brand
new horizon. Lust coursed through Melissa as she felt Ted's finger rub
gently at the entrance of her tight, puckered little shitter.

"Ohhh, that's nice, Daddy!", she cried out with delight. "Rub my
asshole!"

Ted wanted to thrust his finger inside her cute little butt and ass-fuck
the sexy young kid at the same time as his tongue was fucking her horny
little cunt, but despite her blatant invitation, that might be too much
for now, he'd best leave that pleasure for later. Instead, he spread her
cunt wider, pushing his mouth hard against the moist heat of her gaping
slit. Reaching beneath her, Ted cupped the cheeks of her hot little ass,
forcing the girl's wide-open crotch up against his face, burying his
mouth and nose deeply into her juicy, pulsating little twat. Melissa was
on fire with the stabbing lashes of Ted's tongue on her tiny young
clit.  She was wild with desire, wriggling in a frenzy of pubescent
lust, as unbelievable sensations churned through her belly and loins,
driving the precocious youngster headlong towards a crashing climax.

"Ohhh, God!...I can't stand it!", she squealed. "Uhhhh, I'm gonna....
ooooooooh!...It's happening!...Arhhhhhhhhh! Mmmmmm! Mmmmm!
Mmmmmaaaahhh!"

Ted sensed that she was so sexually inexperienced that her vocabulary
contained no words to describe what was happening to her. But it didn't
matter, because the tone of her voice, and the way she was moaning
uncontrollably, told Ted all he needed to know. She was about to
orgasm.  He was certain of it. His lips nibbled mercilessly at her tiny
throbbing clit, sucking the hardened little bud in and out of his mouth.
Within moments she was thrashing and writhing, her lithe and graceful
young body undulating wildly beneath him. As she reached her climaxed,
Melissa grabbed the back of Ted's head with both hands and pushed his
face hard against her juicy cunt-mound, rotating her hips drunkenly in a
desperate attempt to bring every corner of her spasming cunt into
contact with his slurping mouth.

Little Melissa was cumming...cumming as she would never come again,
cumming as only an adolescent girl _can_ cum. She was totally oblivious
to everything around her, concentrating only on maximizing the intense
pleasure the man's lips and tongue were generating in her pulsating
cunt. Ted licked and sucked the young girl dry, his mouth reluctantly
leaving her tiny, quivering fuck-hole only after her spasms had died
away and every drop of her delicious cum-cream had passed over his
tongue and down his thirsty gullet.

He straightened up and took his cock in his left hand, stroking the
mighty organ to erection as he knelt between her slender thighs. He
looked down at the girl with pure lust blazing in his eyes. It was a
dream come true. He had always had a thing for young girls, the younger
the better, but little Melissa was perfect...pretty...well proportioned,
and above all...extremely willing.

They had to want it too, thought Ted, otherwise to him it was just child
molesting. The girl had to get as much pleasure as he did, or Ted
rapidly lost interest. He stared at Melissa's naked body sprawled sexily
on the grass before him. Her legs were still shamelessly spread wide
apart, exactly the way he had left her. Ted worked his hand firmly up
and down over his prick as he let his gaze wander up and down her body
from her tiny, delicate boobs to her pink, squeaky-clean little cunt. 
Melissa came out of her post-orgasmic trance and opened her eyes. The
first thing she saw was Ted's huge erect cock, and she watched with wide
eyes as his fist jerked firmly up and down the formidable weapon......

"God, your prick is huge...much bigger than Robbie's!", she said,
pushing herself up on her elbows to get a better look. Ted saw a look of
alarm cross her pretty young features as Melissa saw how big the mammoth
organ really was.

"Don't worry, baby! Once I get it inside you, you're gonna love every
inch of it!"

"But it'll never fit into my cunt!", she whined.

Ted knew it would fit, but he also knew that he was wasting time trying
to convince her. He would have to get her so aroused that she'd
eventually beg him for it, then he'd stick every last fucking inch of it
into her dainty little pussy and screw the living daylights out of the
horny, little cunt. He lay down beside her and rolled her towards him.

"We don't have to fuck if you don't want to, baby!", he whispered,
running his hands over her body, fondling her taut little buttocks and
squeezing her tiny nipples.

"We don't?", Melissa asked with surprise.

That was the only thing most of boys she knew wanted from her. Sure,
some had felt her up at the movies, but Robbie was the only one she had
let put his cock inside her pussy. The first time was a little painful,
and by the time he had finished she was only just beginning to feel
something wonderful building inside her swollen little pussy. It
frustrated her at the time, so she let him do it to her again... 
today...out her in the clearing, hoping to find the elusive fulfillment
that had escaped her before. But the second time was the same...just as
she had started to feel something, Robbie squirted inside her and got
off. She had asked him to try again, but Robbie only laughed and made
fun of her.  They had a fight and that was when Ted had appeared. Ted
was the only one who had successfully brought her to the wonderful
experience of orgasm, and she loved him for it.

"Did you like getting your pussy sucked, Melissa", asked Ted, putting
his hand on her swollen little cuntmound.

"Oh, God yes!  I...Ummmmmmmm!  Ooooh, Daddy!", she moaned as Ted's
middle finger slipped between her moist cuntlips and massaged her little
clitoris.

"What's this thing you have with your father, honey. Do you do this sort
of thing with him too?", asked Ted hopefully.

"Jesus, no!", she replied. "I'd be too ashamed! Besides my father would
never try anything with his own daughter."

"You'd be surprised, sweetheart!", said Ted. "How about you? Would you
like your father to do what I'm doing to you right now!"  Ted screwed
his finger deep into her cunt, pressing his thumb hard against her clit.

"Uhhhhh, Mmmmmmm, yesss! Oh, fuck yes, I would!...God, would I ever!"

"I thought so", breathed Ted, keeping up his finger action on the little
girl's responsive young pussy. "How about if he sucked your pussy like I
just did. I bet deep down he'd love to do it too. All fathers have
sexual thoughts about their daughters and vice versa, but only a few
fathers and daughters have the opportunity or the guts to see it
through."

"You m...mean my Dad probably want's to have sex with me!", asked the
girl incredulously. A twitch went through her loins at the very thought,
and her cunt muscles squeezed and relaxed around Ted's deeply imbedded
finger.

"Shit yeah!  Of course he does!  Jesus, Melissa, if I was your father
and I found out what a hot little piece you are, I'd be fucking and
sucking you every chance I got, baby!", whispered Ted, squeezing her
little tit mounds with one hand while the other stroked her slick, open
gash.

"Ohhhh, God! If only he would!", moaned Melissa hunching her pussy up at
Ted's fingers.

"You just have to show him you're interested, baby, that's all.", said
Ted. "You know, leave you door open while you're changing...wear tight
shorts, short skirts, and the skimpiest panties you can find...show him
a bit of tit and ass. And the real test is to sit on his lap in your
nightie and give him a hot kiss goodnight, if his cock doesn't leap up
and bite your cute little ass, he's made of fuckin' stone, baby!"

Melissa listened to Ted's advice as she savoured the feel of his hands
on her trembling body. The images his words conjured up were making her
almost as hot as his busy fingers. Her cunt was filling with juice
again, and that familiar itch in her loins was back, stronger than ever.

"Mmmmm, yes! Yes! Oooh, Ted, pretend you're my Daddy again! Show me what
he'd do if I did what you said!", she squealed.

Ted crushed his lips to hers, kissing the young girl hotly, forcing his
hard tongue deep into her warm, receptive mouth. After a few seconds of
passionate frenching, he let his hot lips slide down over her soft,
creamy neck to her breasts, and Melissa groaned with delight as Ted
sucked the hard, pink little nipples into his greedy mouth.

"Uhhhhhhmmmm, yesss, Daddy! Suck my tits!", she wailed. "Suck my tits
and feel my cunt! Oooooooh, it feels soooo good!"

Ted pulled his mouth off Melissa's tits and whispered in her ear. 
"You're a hot little cunt, aren't you, Melissa, honey!"

"Mmmmm, y...yesss!", she moaned, her eyes tightly closed as she wiggled
her tiny, aroused twat against his hand.

"Tell me, baby!", grunted Ted.  "Tell Daddy what a hot cunt his sexy
little daughter is!"

"Oooooh, Daddy! I am! I am! I'm such a hot little cunt!", gasped
Melissa.

"And who are you hot for, honey?", Ted asked, fucking his finger in and
out of her tight, wet little cunthole with a vengeance.

"You!...You Daddy!...I'm hot for you!", she screamed, grabbing hold of
his cock.

"Ah, you like your Daddy's big fat prick, do you, sweetheart?"

"Mmmmmm, yesss! I love to feel it, Daddy! It's so soft and smooth and
hard, all at the same time."

"It's gonna feel even better inside your sweet little pussy, honey! I
can promise you that!", Ted groaned as the little girl began to jerk her
tiny fingers up and down the length of his erection again. It felt
wonderful, but he needed more!

"Sit up, baby!", said Ted suddenly.

Melissa did as she was told.  Ted knelt in front of her and guided the
tip of his cock towards her small, pink mouth. The girl seemed
hypnotized by the very sight of it so close to her. Looking down its
massive length, Melissa found it impossible to imagine anything so huge
going inside of a woman's pussy. Not only was it as thick as her wrist,
it was so very long! "How in the world can a cunt be deep enough to hold
all that!", she wondered. The stiff pole was at least ten inches long!
She thought of the only other cunt she had seen before..her mother's. 
It must be very deep, she concluded, because she had seen her father's
cock buried up to the hilt in it once when she had spied on them one
time.

The spectacle of her father fucking her mother filled the girl's
lust-infused little brain, and she wondered if her mother's cunt could
take all of Ted's big cock as easily as it had her father's. Ted pulled
Melissa closer toward him, stroking her hair and petting her shoulders. 
Although he was trying to calm her, the girl could sense his own burning
urgency. His whole body seemed to be quivering all over. She knew
instinctively that he wanted something, that he needed her, and the
thought thrilled the pretty youngster.

"Suck it, honey!", ordered Ted. "Suck Daddy's cock for him. Get it nice
and hard so he can stick it up his little baby's hot, tight little
cunthole!"

Melissa was too far gone to object. His finger in her cunt had gotten
the little fourteen-year-old so hot, she would have done just about
anything the strong, handsome man asked. She felt his prick-head rub
against her lips. It felt smooth to the touch, as if it was made of
silk, and although it was rock-hard, it felt soft as a feather against
her lips. Melissa could smell a strong musky odour rising from it. She
knew instinctively that it was the fragrance of sex, and it turned her
on even more. The girl gasped and opened her lips wide, leaning forwards
to take Ted's throbbing cock into her small mouth. Her long brown hair
fell seductively over her little pointed tits as Ted put his hand on the
back of her head and pushed his huge prick into her hot, moist mouth.

The thought of sucking a cock had frightened Melissa at first, but it
also thrilled her in a strange and inexplicable way. She had to do
it...she was at his mercy. Deep inside though, she also knew that she
wanted to do it. Opening her mouth as wide as possible, Melissa tried to
suck in as much of his cock as possible. She was only able to get half
the length of his tool into her little mouth, the rest remained
outside.  Very carefully and methodically, the girl began to suck it, a
nervous beginner who was extremely anxious to learn. She wrapped her
lips around the head of his cock and sucked tentatively, not knowing
what to expect.

"Uhhh, nice!...Real nice! But I want you to suck harder, Melissa. Don't
be afraid to suck as hard as you like, baby!"  Ted winced as the girl's
teeth rasped along his prick. "Ouch!...Careful, honey, you're little
teeth are sharp!", complained Ted, holding her head back a little. "Use
your lips, baby...just use your lips and tongue, ok!"

Melissa mumbled something unintelligible and nodded, causing Ted's cock
to slip out of her mouth.

"I'm sorry, Daddy!", she whimpered. "I'm not real good at it, am I?"

"Don't worry, honey. Just relax and let it come naturally!", comforted
Ted. The girl looked up at him with her big brown eyes and smiled shyly.

"Play with my pussy again, Daddy!", she asked. "Fuck my cunt with your
fingers while I suck your cock....please?"

Ted smiled back, excited by her shameless request. She's catching on
"REAL fast", he thought, reaching down between her eagerly spread
thighs.

"Ok, baby!", he whispered. "My pleasure!"

As he cupped Melissa's hot, moist little pussy, Ted felt the girl's warm
lips return to his aching prick. This time she was a bit better at it,
and after sucking as much of his enormous cock into her tiny mouth as
she could, she wrapped her little fingers around the remaining length,
and began to jerk him off at the same time. Ted rubbed her swollen
cuntmound with the palm of his hand, letting his fingers stray playfully
over the tiny pink rosebud of her anus.

"Mmmmmm! Mmmmmm! Mmmmmmmmmm!", she moaned, her lips still slurping
noisily at his cock. Her hips hunched up off the ground at his hand, and
Ted knew it was because of his finger action on her sensitive little
asshole. He decided to see how far she was prepared to let him go. He
soothed her a little first by gently pushing his thumb into the girl's
succulent little twat, fucking it slowly in and out of her tight
cunthole until she was writhing with pleasure. Then, once she had gotten
used to his thumb in her cunt, Ted pressed his middle finger against her
moist, quivering asshole and pushed.  Slowly but surely, his finger
penetrated her little behind until his palm came to rest on the soft
expanse of flesh between her two tight little holes.

"Mmmmfffff! Ummmmmmmm! Affffffmmmmmm!", were the only sounds that
Melissa could make as Ted plugged the pretty little girl in all three
holes of her horny, young body. Melissa was beside herself with joy. It
didn't hurt at all! On the contrary, his big finger up her rear passage
felt good...real good, especially with his thumb fucking her cunt and
his cock in her mouth at the same time. The little girl felt filled... 
filled with everything he could give her...yet deep down, she wanted
more!

"Oh, Jesus, you gorgeous little cunt!", breathed Ted as Melissa began to
rotate her hips and push her tiny ass against him, trying to get as much
of his hand inside her two tight, seething little holes as possible. He
reciprocated by plunging his thumb and finger deeply into her, squeezing
her hot, juicy membranes between them. He could feel the tip of his
thumb press firmly against the tip of his finger deep inside her,
separated from each other by a thin, elastic wall.

"You like that, don't you, kid?", snarled Ted. "You like getting fucked
in both holes at the same time, don't you?" His twin digits were ramming
into her crotch like two pumping cocks, and the strange combination
drove Melissa wild. She tried to take her mouth off his throbbing
erection to answer, but Ted wouldn't let her. He held her by the back of
the head and forced her mouth further down over his aching cock. "Get
you mouth back on Daddy's prick, sweetheart, and leave it there!", he
ordered. "Or I'll take my fingers out of you right now!"

Without a sound, Melissa went back to sucking the man's huge cock with
gusto. She didn't want Ted to stop. The feelings that his finger and
thumb were generating inside her throbbing little pussy and asshole were
just too good...and they were getting better every second!

Erotic sensations were coursing like lightning throughout Melissa's
horny little body, causing her tender young twat to overflow with
fluid.  Ted's finger and thumb slurped and squished noisily in her
juices as his plunging digits sent ecstatic surges of erupting passion
through her pubescent pussy. Soon, the wonderful melty feelings began to
spread outwards from her stimulated loins like wildfire, engulfing her
entire body.

Melissa no longer had any shy girlish inhibitions, she wanted this big,
handsome stranger to do everything with her, even to fuck her with that
monster prick of his. The horny little girl was lost in a spiralling
vortex of total sexual abandon. Wrenching her mouth from his cock,
Melissa screamed out her innermost desires. Nothing mattered
now...nothing but her new-found sexual pleasure.

"Oooooooh, Christ!...I can't stand it any more!...Fuck me!...Oh, God!
Please fuck me!", begged the little girl, her cunt and ass were writhing
on his hand as she stared wildly into his eyes.

Her pretty young features were twisted into a mask of pure, adolescent
lust...a look that expressed her desperate, yearning need more than
words ever could.

"You bet your sweet little ass I'll fuck you, honey!", panted Ted,
pushing the girl onto her back. Melissa opened her legs as wide as she
could as Ted mounted her, giving him complete access to her tender,
young pussy. She felt the tip of his cock pushing her tiny cuntlips
apart, stretching them open as his huge prick penetrated her cunt.  It
was only half way in when Melissa screamed in pain. Ted stopped and
rested his weight on both hands, giving the girl a chance to accept the
thickness of his massive cock inside her tight little fuckhole.

"Sorry, baby!", he panted.  "You okay?"

"Ummmm!  Yes!..It hurt a bit at first, but now it's starting to feel
nice!"

Ted knew that this was the moment of truth.  If he plunged straight into
the kid's hot, wet little twat, like his cock urged him to, he would
hurt her...and that would put her off sex for a long, long time. 
However, on the other hand, if he took it easy and maximized her
pleasure, he would have another hot little convert who he could fuck and
suck at his leisure...  any time he
wanted. It had to be done just right! The part of his cock that was
already in Melissa's eager pulsing little hole was getting a really
tight squeeze.

Her inner labia closed around its girth, almost choking his prick's
bulbous head. But though it was incredibly tight...or probably because
of that...it felt wonderful!  Ted was almost overcome with the sudden
urge to ram his cock the rest of the way into her, but caught himself at
the last moment. Melissa's warm cuntal walls clenching around his hard,
throbbing prick were almost too good to resist...then, incredibly, she
actually begged him to go deeper!

"I can take it!", she moaned. "I can take it all!...Push hard!...Really
fuck it into me, Daddy!"

Even with his cock stretching her tight,

"You're gonna love this, sweetheart, I promise!" Ted pushed, burying his
cock to the hilt inside her tight, clinging snatch.

"Ohhhh, Uhhhhhhhhh, Ummmmmmm!" The girl was screaming differently now,
as Ted's massive prick penetrated and stretched her tight little cunt to
the limit.

"Ahhhhh! Your cock is all the way inside me," she wailed. "Ooooohh,
Daddy. Your cock!...It's in really deep!"

Little Melissa could hardly believe it was happening to her. Now that
the initial pain was gone, the feel of Ted's huge man-sized cock stuffed
way up inside her tiny twat made her wild with excitement. Nothing
before ever felt

as good as having this man's big, hard prick inside her little pussy. 
She felt it all the way deep inside her, her pussy lips stretching
tighter and tighter around its massive circumference.  Melissa looked up
into Ted's passionate eyes, her own filled with timid urgency.

"More, Daddy!", she pleaded. "Give me more!....Move in me!"

She could scarcely breathe, his hold on her was so tight and her
excitement so intense. She whimpered and panted with pleasure as Ted
began to fuck her slow. Her young belly felt completely filled with his
huge, throbbing cock, and she gasped with delight as it seemed to swell
more and more within her. It was a feeling that the precocious little
girl would soon learn to love. Slowly, Ted began to raise and lower his
hips, smiling at the look of obvious pleasure on her cute little face as
his cock slid back and forth in her slippery, juice-drenched young
snatch.

"You like being fucked, don't you Melissa, honey!", he whispered,
stroking his cock gently in and out of her tight, clinging little
cunthole. "You like my hard cock fucking you, don't you?...Say it!... 
Tell Daddy how much you like it, baby!""

"Oh, God, yesss!", moaned the girl. "Christ, I love it! I love your big
fucking cock!...Fuck! Jesus, it feels like a goddamn horse is fucking
me!"

"Not a horse, honey. Just a big, fat man-cock!", replied Ted with a
grin.

He began to move faster as his prick became well and truly lubricated by
her abundant pussy-cream. His cock felt like a boa constrictor was
wrapped around it, pressing it urgently and squeezing the very life out
of it. But Ted was in ecstasy.  The snug fit of the girl's tight, little
twat was absolutely fucking wonderful!

Melissa moaned with delight as Ted began to pump her squirming young
belly full of rock-hard cockmeat. His long, thick pistoning prick was
making her tingly little cunt feel so alive...alive with an insatiable
hunger for sex.

It was the most erotic pleasure her young body had ever felt. It was
more thrilling than having her pussy licked, better than having a finger
in her twat, and far, far better than having Robbie's skinny little tool
diddling around in her cunt. Nothing felt as good as Ted's fucking
prick...nothing at all!  Melissa made up her mind to forget the boys,
with their tiny ineffectual little peckers, and concentrate on men... 
real men...men with nice, big thick cocks who would make her feel as
good as Ted was making her feel right now.

Although he had felt intolerably large inside her at first, Melissa
could feel her cunt adjusting to the size of his cock. The smooth,
elastic walls were spreading a little to give him enough room to move
freely, and the copious flow of cunt-juices greased his mighty pole as
it plunged wetly in and out, making loud sucking noises. His cockhead
was poking further into her young fuckhole than any finger or cock had
ever done before.  She could feel it hit hard up against the end of her
cunt with every downward thrust. At the same time, she also felt his
heavy balls slap against her tiny little asshole and the bristles of his
curly pubic bush against her hairless little pussy.

Ted gazed down at Melissa's slender young body beneath him. She looked
so small and dainty, her cute, little-girl face flushed and sweaty as
she held on for dear life, a look of painful determination on her pretty
features.

"What's wrong, honey?", asked Ted, slowing his strokes a little. "Am I
hurting you?"

"Uhhhnnn...n..no! It feels nice! But it did hurt a bit at first!

"It won't now, baby! Lift your legs up over my shoulders and I'll give
you a REAL fuck!"

With a little squeal of pleasure, Melissa obeyed immediately, pulling
her knees up and draping her slim legs over his shoulders as he had
asked. Then, Ted began to stroke his cock in and out full length,
drilling her deeply with his big prong. After only a couple of thrusts,
the hot youngster began moving with him, lifting her small, round hips
up at him rhythmically, her buttocks working instinctively to push her
tight little pussy up towards his plunging prick. With each penetrating
drive, she loved it more and more, and began writhing her cunny
shamelessly on his spearing shaft.

"Do it to me, Ted!", she sobbed with bliss. "Fuck me hard! Make me have
a climax!  Make me cum, Ted! Uhhhh! Hhuuhhhh! Ohhhh! Jeez' that feels
gooood!"

"What ever happened to calling me `Daddy'?", panted Ted. "I was
beginning to like pretending I was fucking my very own little girl."

"Ahhhh! Ummmmm! I...Oooohhhh Jesus!...I'll c..call you anything you
want! Just keep on fucking meeeee!...Oh God, I love your big cock in me,
so much!"

Ted continued to penetrate the girl's tight, slippery little cunthole
again and again, withdrawing to the tip then driving his prick in all
the way to the hilt. His body shivered with every stroke, as he fucked
her with all his strength. His breathing became heavy and laboured with
the exertion.

"Fuck!  Ungh!  Ungh!  Ungh!  Oh, damn!  You're a fantastic little fuck,
Melissa!", grunted Ted as he thrust into her. "God, what a tight, hot,
slippery little cunt! Uh! Uhhh!"

Melissa barely heard him. There was a ringing and pounding in her ears
as wave after wave of ecstasy coursed through her adolescent body. 
Ted's big, hard cock was driving her wild!

"Ohhhhhhh! God!", screamed Melissa. "Do it hard! Uhhhhngggghh! Oh,
Jesus!
Fuck me!...It's happening! It's happening again! I...I'm
c...cummmmmming!"

She was coming alright, and Ted knew it was a big one when he felt the
youngster's body stiffen under him. Her tiny cunt convulsed around his
mighty cock with rapid, rhythmical contractions, her little hips bucking
and twisting like mad, desperate for more of her lover's wonderful,
pistoning cock.  Ted gave her exactly what she wanted, fucking the sexy
little fourteen-year-old as hard and as fast as he could, relishing the
fantastic feeling of her tight, teenage pussy climaxing around his
throbbing cock.

He plunged into her mercilessly, grinding his hard pubic mound against
her throbbing clitoris, smashing his prick deep into her wide-spread
cunt with long, powerful thrusts...thrusts that without the proper
preparation would have split the girl's tight little pussy in two. 
Ted's patience and control had paid off and now he was fucking the horny
little girl as he had wanted to since he had set eyes on her...deep and
hard and fast...and to his delight, she was fucking him back with
youthful eagerness, shamelessly throwing her hot, tight young cunt up at
him like a little demon.

"Arhhhhh Uhhhhnnnnn!  Ohhh! Ohhhh! Dadddddy! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck
meeeeeeee!", squealed Melissa as Ted's pounding prick drove her over the
edge into orgasm once more.  She couldn't believe it! Never in her
wildest fantasies, did the young girl ever imagine that a cock could
make her climax so many times in a row.

It swept her breath away, and her reason with it as, spurt upon spurt,
her pleasure-wracked pussy released it's fluid to fill her little joy
box with cum-juice time and time again.  It was much better than when he
had sucked her cunt...this time her pussy was packed to the hilt with
ten solid inches of hard, thick cockmeat. Better still, with each
stroke, Ted's groin mashed hard against her upthrust pubic mound,
sending her little clit into wild spasms of
intense pleasure.

"Ahhhhhhggggghhh!  I can't believe it!", squealed Melissa as a third
orgasm started deep within her highly aroused young loins. "I'm coming
again! Oh, God!....Oooooo, don't stop!...Don't ever stop!...Make me come
forever!"

Ted had no intention of stopping. The gorgeous little kid was one of the
best fucks he'd had in a long time, and it was adding to his own
excitement enormously to give her the ultimate female pleasure... 
multiple orgasms. Her cunt was contracting deliciously around his rigid
prick as he rammed it ever deeper into the youngster's squirming twat,
the grunting sounds she was making driving him crazy. Ted felt his balls
slapping against her tiny asshole and couldn't help but imagine how much
harder she would be able to grip him with that tight little hole. He
bent forwards and tried to suck one of her tiny tits into his mouth, but
he couldn't reach, so he bent his head and kissed her flushed neck
instead. Melissa immediately grabbed the back of his head and crushed
her parted lips over his, kissing him hard. Her hot little tongue
stabbing into his open mouth with the same tempo and enthusiasm that
Ted's cock exhibited as it plunged in and out of her bucking cunt.

Moving rhythmically and not stopping for a second, Ted worked to give
Melissa as many orgasms as her hot little teenage cunt could churn out,
struggling all the while to hold back his own. Even after her whimpers
of pleasure had died down, Ted kept up his pelvic movements, till he was
sure the girl had completely finished cumming. Then, when her body
started to relax, and her muscles weren't quite so flexed, he withdrew
and lay down on the grass beside her, his still-rampant cock resting
wetly on her creamy thigh. Ted ran his hands over her hot, damp flesh as
she lay panting beside him. Her eyes were closed and her breath came in
deep, exhausted gasps.

"I bet none of your little boyfriends ever made you come like that,
sweetheart?", Ted whispered hotly into her ear. He began stroking the
girl's small, heaving tits, rubbing her nipples gently between thumb and
forefinger.

"Ohhhh, God no!...Never!", she breathed, throwing her arms around him.
"I've never felt anything so wonderful in my life!...It was fantastic!"

Ted looked down into her beautiful young eyes and smiled. "Anything to
please my little baby girl!", breathed Ted slipping two of his fingers
into her juicy, gaping cuntslit.

"Oooooo, you naughty, naughty Daddy!", giggled Melissa, rotating her
hips lewdly on Ted's probing fingers. "Mmmmmm! God, if you keep that up,
you're gonna get me all hot again!"

"That's the whole idea, sweetheart!", grunted Ted, sinking his fingers
as far as he could into the slick velvet depths of her gaping cunt. 
"Play with my cock while I get you good and ready for more, baby!"

Melissa reached for his prick and gasped with surprise when she felt
it's pulsing rigidity.

"You didn't come!", she said with wonder. "This afternoon when Robbie
fucke me, he came before I did!  It wasn't much fun at all."

"Little boy's are like that, Melissa honey. What you need is a man's
cock.", said Ted nodding down a his formidable hardon.

Melissa stared at the huge throbbing organ nestled in her hand. It
glistened with moisture, and her little heart skipped a beat with
excitement as she realized it was still covered with her cunt juices... 
her own sticky girlycum. It looked so big and red and angry against the
whiteness of her tiny fingers. The look, the feel and even the smell of
it excited her terribly! Now that she knew how utterly fantastic it felt
plowing in and out of her hot little cunt, she wanted more...much, much
more!

Ted saw the hungry look in her eyes and smiled to himself. She was
hooked, he thought. His fingers found her clit and he played with it,
stroking and rubbing the stiff little bud expertly.  He watched her
squirm.

"How many times did you come before, baby!", he asked.

"Oh, Jesus!  So many times I lost count! I think I even blacked out for
a moment, it was unbelievable." Suddenly, she looked up at him
longingly.

"Will it be that good every time?"

"I certainly hope so, honey!", smiled Ted.

"Good, let's do it again...right now!", she said enthusiastically,
pulling on his prick. Melissa lay back as she had done before and spread
her pretty little legs wide, her tiny, gaping slit more than ready to
receive his big, stiff cock.

But Ted had other ideas. He grabbed the naked girl by the hips and
rolled over, pulling her on top of him until Melissa's little cunt was
poised above his erect cock. She was on all fours, her knees straddling
his hips, and her hands on his shoulders, supporting her weight on
stiffened arms.

"Now, sit on my cock, Melissa honey!", groaned Ted. "That way you can
have as much of it as you want....You're in control now, baby...go for
it!"

Melissa reached down between her thighs and grasped his cock with
trembling fingers, pressing the swollen, purple tip against her open
cunt. It pulsed and jumped anxiously, nuzzling her slippery pussy-lips
with it's bulging head. The girl shivered with pleasure at the delicious
contact, moaning deep down in her throat as she rubbed his cockhead up
and down the length of her juicy, quivering little slit.

Her involuntary response made Ted's cock twitch, the rigid organ
throbbing with excitement at the sight of the youngster's undisguised
lust. He could feel the tender tissues of her cunt opening as she
lowered herself slowly onto his upthrust prick.  Ted watched and felt
with growing excitement as her cuntlips parted, and his cock entered
her, slicing deeply into her hairless cuntmound as the girl hunched
downwards onto him. Although her little cunt was well lubricated from
their previous fuck, her weight alone wasn't sufficient to overcome the
resistance of his thick cock in her tight pussy. Ted grasped the cheeks
of her ass and literally pulled her cunt down onto his upthrust prick. 
The fit was tight and hot, and Ted moaned once more as he felt his
entire cock deeply imbedded in the girl's snug little fuckhole.

"Oh, baby girl!...Damn, that's tight!", he gasped as Melissa settled
herself fully on him. "God!  Jesus, you gorgeous, sexy little cunt!... 
Am I ever gonna give you a fuck to remember, baby!"

"Oooooh, Daddy!", she purred. "Oooooo, yesssss, fuck me! Fuck my pussy! 
Oh, yes, yes! Mmmmm, you're cock feels soooo good up there! It's all the
way in, Daddy! Now, fuck me good! Fuck my tight, juicy little cunt real
good!"

"Unnnggghhh!...Jesus!....I will, baby!....Mmmmmmm, believe me I will!"

Ever so eagerly, the excited young fourteen-year-old began to hump her
tightly-stretched little quim up and down on Ted's cock, whimpering and
moaning incessantly as the rock-hard shaft fucked in and out of her tiny
cunt. Her firm young buttocks clenched and relaxed with the effort and
her slender back arched in ecstasy as Melissa took her pleasure. Her
cute little ass and firm, budding breasts wiggled sensuously as she
bucked around wildly on his upthrust prick.

Ted's grinding hips moved solidly as he worked his long, steely prong
ever so deeply inside of the young girl's bucking hole. Her bright pink
cuntlips were pushed wide apart by his massive cock, and mashed
repeatedly against the base of his thick shaft each time he lunged up
into her.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhh! Goddddd! Fuck, what a cock!", squealed Melissa, bouncing
up and down on him like crazy.  "Ohhh, fuck me Daddy! Fill my hot little
snatch with your big, fat prick and fuck me!...Ohhh!  Ohhh!  Daddy!
Uhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Hearing her urgent cry, Ted hunched his cock up at her
as hard as he could, burying his stiff, throbbing pole as deeply as
possible inside the girl's slippery, squirming little twat.

"Mmmmmm! Damn, that's fantastic!", he moaned. "Uhhhh, yeahhhh! Hot and
tight and wet!...Jesus, I love young pussy!...Ooooh! Shake that cunt for
me, baby!  Yes, that's it, grind it down real hard!"

They both made noises like wild animals, the inner muscles of Melissa's
tight little cunt clasping Ted's plunging cock like a vice.  He began
pumping harder, knowing the horny young teenager was ready for
everything he could throw at her. Melissa gasped aloud with each
powerful stroke, arching her back and thrusting her hips down to meet
his pumping cock. She bucked and jumped wildly around on top of him,
whimpering deep down in her throat as she worked to push Ted's rock-hard
cock further and further inside her. Melissa felt as though she was
loosing her mind, his huge throbbing penis was ramming so far up her
drooling little cunthole it hurt...but it hurt so good that the girl
only wanted to feel more and more of it.

"Daddy...Daddy...Daddy!", she screamed, unable to contain herself any
longer. "Fuck me!...Ohhhh, fuck me harder, faster! OHHHH!  GOD! FUCK
ME!!"

Her tiny, naked titties heaved and jiggled, and her long brown hair
swirled around her shoulders as Ted rammed his cock in and out of her
eagerly bouncing pussy. The rigid cock between her legs seemed to be
getting bigger and harder with every deep penetration, and soon Melissa
began to cry out, screaming with ecstasy at the excruciating pleasure
caused by the battering her sex-starved little pussy was receiving far
up between its tautly stretched lips. Her cunt was on fire, and each
stab of his prick sent waves of pure ecstasy coursing up her spine. 
Soon it became just too much for her.

"Ohhhh, God!...Oh, God! Ohhhhhhh, Goddddddd!...Yes! Yessss, Uuuhh,
uuuuh, I'm gonna come!"

Her cunt-juice covered his balls now, and as Ted continued pumping, more
began to flow from her cock-ravaged little cunt, saturating both their
crotches with her warm, creamy fluids. He was close to orgasm too and
speeded up his strokes so that they would come at the same time.

"Come, baby! Come with me! I'm gonna shoot too, I can feel it!", grunted
Ted. Melissa suddenly felt his cock swell to unbelievable proportions,
stretching her pussy even wider as the spunk welled up in his balls.

"Oh, Daddy!  Yesss!  Come in me!  Fill me with your fuckin' spunk!  Uhh!
Uggh!" Ted felt the hot little teenager stiffen and shudder, whimpering
with pure pleasure as she climaxed. Her tiny hole gave his cock a mighty
squeeze as her spasming cuntal muscles contracted in orgasm once more.

But still Ted hadn't come. He was real close, he could feel it, all it
needed was a few deep jabs and he'd be there.

"Fuck, baby! Squirm your cunt on my prick! Uhhh! Mmmmm! That's it!
Squeeze your pussy! Oh, christ!  Here it comes!...Uhhhhh! Fuck,
Melissa!... FUCK!...Fuck your cunt onto my cock like crazy, honey!
Arghhhhhh! I'm cummmmming!"

She felt him tense up, then his prick jerked inside her. In a flash,
there was an eruption deep in her twat that sent her young mind
reeling.  A geyser of hot, steaming jizz splashed against her womb in
jet after jet, making her climax immediately. All she could do to keep
from fainting was to scream.

"AHHHHHHHHH! OH, MY GOD! GGGHHHHNNNNUUUUUGGHHH!  HHHHUUUUHHHH! 
GGGGAAAHHH! OOOOOOH, DAADDDDYYYY!  OHH!  OHHH!  OHHHHHH!  FUUUUUCK!

It seemed to Ted that his balls were being milked dry by the girl's
tight sucking cunt as the last drop of semen dribbled from his tool and
he went limp. Melissa had slumped forwards onto his chest, and the two
of them just lay there panting with exhaustion for several minutes,
trying to catch their breath. Ted's prick was still buried deeply in the
girl's twitching cunt, he could feel the muscles of her satisfied little
pussy massaging the throbbing shaft from base to tip. He reached down
and cupped the cheeks of her ass. The firm little mounds fit perfectly
into his hands, and as he began squeeze and fondle them, Melissa reacted
by grinding her cunt down onto his cock, the fires of lust quickly
rekindled in her adolescent loins.

"Ohhhh, Jesus, that was even better than the first time!", she moaned,
nuzzling his neck. "I came so hard I almost fainted. Was it good for you
too?"

"You bet your cute little ass it was, honey!", replied Ted. "I don't
think I've got a drop of cum left in my balls. Your cunt has sucked them
dry, baby!"

"I hope not, Daddy!", giggled the girl, rubbing her body against him
suggestively. "I want you to do it to me again!"

"You horny little nympho!", laughed Ted, slapping her butt playfully. 
"You can't get enough of Daddy's big, hard prick can you, darling?"

"Nope!", said Melissa with a grin. She felt his cock twitch and swell
within her and added, "Ooooo!...and it feels to me that you can't get
enough of my hot little cunt either, Daddy!"

Ted's cock, which started to deflate as soon as he climaxed, had
surprisingly began to stiffen as she lay on top of him. The excitement
of fucking this gorgeous, sexy little kid was like a drug, and his prick
reacted accordingly, springing to immediate attention within her
enveloping cuntal sheath.

"I guess you're right, honey!", he admitted. "I've never felt so damn
horny!"

"Mmmmm!...Lucky me!", murmured Melissa, enjoying the delicious feeling
of his cock expanding rapidly in the hot, juicy confines of her cunt. 
Soon it was as long and hard as it had been before, throbbing against
the walls of her squirming twat in all it's former glory.  Without
moving his hips, Ted made it twitch and jerk inside her.

"Feel that, honey?", he grinned lewdly.

"Oooooh, yes!  Fuck!...can I ever! It feels so much bigger than before!"

"It might be, baby, but my guess is that your sweet little pussy has
been fucked so much this afternoon, it's a bit swollen. Either way, it's
still a nice tight fit, and like I told you before, I just love tight,
teenage pussies."

"Good! Then shut up and fuck me with it!", groaned Melissa, hunching her
little hips shamelessly up and down on him.  She was eager for more of
the mind-blowing pleasure that Ted's big, thick man-sized cock could
give her.

"Okay, Melissa, honey!...But let's try something a little different.",
he suggested. "Hop off, baby, and I'll show you a new way to fuck!" 
Melissa reluctantly did as she was told, more than a little unhappy that
it meant having to pull her cunt off his pleasure-giving pole.

Ted maneuvered the girl onto all fours and spread her legs, kneeling
close up behind her, his cock throbbing rigidly between her open
thighs.  He held his huge erection in one hand and reached between her
thighs with the other, running his fingers the entire length of her hot,
dripping slit.

"Uhhhhhh! That feels so gooooood!...Mmmmm! But your cock would feel
much...much better, Daddy!", she husked, smiling back at him over her
shoulder.

It was the sexiest smile Ted had ever seen.  Her long brown hair was
strewn over her shoulders and her pretty face was looking at him with
that sultry, "Hurry-up-and-fuck-me" look that women get when they can't
wait a moment longer. Her skinny thighs were wide apart, revealing the
pink wet slit of her little cunt...swollen and glistening with
juice...just waiting to be fucked. And in her excitement, she offered it
to him shamelessly, waggling her cute little ass at him in wanton
invitation.

"God, but you're a hot, sexy little bitch!", said Ted, rubbing his
fingers through the pink, glistening flesh of Melissa's hotly aroused
young pubes.The youngster moaned and pressed her cunt suggestively
against his massaging hand.

"So, I'm a bitch, huh?", she murmured. Spreading her legs even further
apart. "Then do something about it!...Come on, Daddy! Put that big, fat
thing you call a cock inside my pussy and fuck me like a bitch then!" 
The look on her angelic little face was pure wanton lust. "Isn't that
why they call this the doggie position, Daddy?", she added.

Melissa's juicy, exposed pussy simply begged to be fucked, and Ted
couldn't resist a moment longer! He grabbed her hips and pulled her
against him.

"Ok, baby...you asked for it!...", he grunted, "...and now you're gonna
get it!...get ready for the fuck of your life, you horny little cunt!"

Quickly fitting the head of his prick between the gaping lips of her
pussy, Ted lunged forwards, and, with one powerful thrust, rammed his
huge, throbbing cock inside her to the very balls.

"UUUUUUHHHHHHH! GAAAAAAWWWWWWDDDD! JEEEEEEZZZZZZZZUUUUUSSS!", screamed
Melissa as Ted's prick sliced into her tight little hole. It went in a
lot easier this time and with the new angle, it felt to be in a lot
deeper as well.

"Baby! Ohhhhh, baby! That's fuckin' tight! Ummmmm, yeah! Squeeze it,
Melissa! Squeeze my cock with your hot little cunt, honey!", groaned Ted
as he began to throw his cock to her in ernest. Her ass quivered as he
hunched into her, jamming his prick in as far as it would go, then
pulling it almost all of the way out.

"Ohhhh, Daddy-Ted! Fuck me! Screw me! Stick that prick way up into my
belly!...I love it! I just love it! Ohhhhhhhhh! Uhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmm! 
Fuck! Ohhh, fuck!"

Her words excited him just as much as the incredible friction of her
tight little cunt on his plunging cock. In no time at all, she was
twisting and bucking her ass like crazy...moaning loudly as Ted thrust
his massive cock into her frothy young pussy like a human battering
ram.  The pink, juicy flesh of her cunt pushed in and pulled out around
the glistening shaft with every powerful stroke, clinging tightly to his
pistoning cock. Ted reached forward to fondle Melissa's dangling tits,
squeezing the small jiggling globes and rubbing the tiny, erect nipples.


"Oooh, yes! Play with my tits, Daddy! Play with my tits while you fuck
me!"

Melissa closed her eyes and pretended that it was her real Daddy fucking
her so wonderfully. She imagined her father's enormous prong stabbing
and jabbing into her aching cunt as he fucked her. The added excitement
of the incestuous daydream drove the hot little fourteen-year-old wild,
and she orgasmed on the spot, moaning and whimpering like a wounded
animal.

"AHHHHHHH! OHHHH, YES! FUCK MEEEE! FUCK ME AS HARD AS YOU CAN!...UHHH,
GOD! GIVE IT TO ME!...YES!  OH, FUCK YESSS! I'M CUMING!...I'M CUMMMMING,
DADDY!"

"Ok, baby! Do it! Come for Daddy!", grunted Ted as he fucked the
writhing girl to orgasm. "Come on my cock!...Squeeze your hot little
pussy around it, honey!...Uhhhhhnnnnn! Jesus, what a cunt!...what a
fuck!"

Ted rammed his prick into the girl's pussy rapidly, making her squeal. 
He grabbed her narrow hips and pulled her back against him hard, his
thighs slapping noisily against her juice-smeared little ass with every
powerful stroke. Melissa was churning her hips wildly, feeling the waves
of pleasure wash over her again and again as Ted's cock smashed into
her. He looked down between their heaving bodies and marvelled at the
highly arousing sight. His long, thick shaft glistened with wetness,
throbbing visibly as it slid in and out of Melissa's stretched little
cunthole like a well-greased piston.

"Uhhhh yes!  That's it, baby!  Grind those hips!  Push your hot little
snatch back onto my cock as hard as you can!...God, I don't think I can
hold back any longer!", screamed Ted as he felt the hot tide of release
rise in his swollen balls. He began to fuck her faster, ramming his cock
in and out with short, hard lunges, ravaging her tight, slippery little
cunt with relentless vigour.

"Oooooooh, yes, Daddy!", Melissa cried. "Go fast! Fuck me fast! 
Unnnnnghhh! It feels so good!...God! I can feel your cock throb...feel
it jerk inside my cunt!  Oh, ram it in deeper!  Pound my cunt with your
cock, Daddy! Uhhhhh!"  The girl was having another powerful orgasm,
thrashing her ass like mad, fucking back onto Ted's slamming prick in
wanton ecstasy.

"OOOOOOH, DADDY!! I'M CUMMING AGAIN!...OH, GOD! OHHHH, GOD! OH,
FUUUUCK!", she squealed, thrusting her cunt eagerly backwards. The
friction of his cock on her tiny quivering clit sent intense tremors of
pleasure through her young body. Ted gripped her thrashing hips tightly
and fucked into her cunt hard and deep, shuddering with ecstasy as he
climaxed also.

"OH, MELISSA, HONEY! AHHHHHHHGGGGGHHH! I'M CUMMING TOO!", shouted Ted,
his cock jerking madly in her belly as it pumped spurt after spurt of
hot, scalding cum way up inside her convulsing pussy. He felt her cunt
grip him. "TAKE IT ALL, BABY! UHHHHHHHH! JESUS! I'M GONNA FILL YOUR HOT
LITTLE CUNT WITH MY JIZZ, HONEY...TILL IT COMES OUT YOUR FUCKIN' EARS! 
AHHHHHHHGGGGHH!" Ted and Melissa moaned and quivered as one, jerking and
bucking against each other like wild animals as the exploding pleasure
of their mutual orgasm overtook them completely.

It was minutes before they stopped panting and fell apart. Melissa just
lay there, recovering from the most powerful orgasm of her young life. 
Ted kissed her and stood up.

"Thanks, baby!", he said, pulling his jogging pants back on. "We'll have
to do this again sometime. Can you meet me here tomorrow after school
sweetheart?"

Melissa nodded her head enthusiastically. She was still on cloud nine. 
She had never felt so good, and was more than a little disappointed that
it was all over. Robbie had never fucked her like that, ever!  It had
felt so wonderful, the little girl couldn't wait to try it again...soon!

Ted gave her a long, passionate kiss and left, jogging out of the
clearing before she could say anything. Melissa just sat there for a
while, staring after him, well-fucked but happy. Suddenly, she realized
what time it was. Shit, her mother would kill her! In a flash, Melissa
pulled on her clothes and headed for home, her new lover's spent jism
still sticky between her creamy young thighs.

When Melissa got home from her lustful encounter with Ted in the woods,
her mother, was in a foul mood. Helen Harvey was usually strict with her
children and getting home late after school was something she didn't
tolerate.

"And just where have you been, young lady?", fumed her mother. "You
should have been two hours ago!"

"I had to stay in after school, Mom.", she lied, "That stupid Mr.
Hoskins gave me detention."

In addition to being the usual reason for being late, Melissa knew her
mother couldn't stand the pudgy, loud-mouthed history teacher.  This
particular excuse had always worked before....

"Oh, I see.", answered her mother. "Well, go take a shower. Your father
will be home soon and dinner will only be about half an hour."

......to Melissa's delight, her ruse had worked again.

As she trotted off to the bathroom her sixteen-year-old brother, Dennis
poked his tousled blonde head over the sofa from where he was watching
TV.

"She's been out playing around with Robbie Ward more like it.", he
grinned evily.

"What would you know, Dennis!", replied his sister angrily. "At least I
don't hang around the mall like a pervert, leering at members of the
opposite sex all day!"

"Maybe you should, Sis! You might find there are better lays out there
than that damn squirt Robbie Ward!"

Melissa was about to lash out with another insult when Helen
interrupted.

"DENNIS!!...Melissa's much too young to hear that sort of language. Now
quit fighting you two. Melissa, go take that shower...NOW! And don't be
long, your father and I have to go out to a P&T meeting tonight!"  As
melissa left the room, Dennis complained bitterly to his mother.

"Mom?  I hope that doesn't mean what I think it does!"

"It sure does, young man! Now, I want you to stay home tonight and look
after Melissa."

"Aw, shit!  I'm no babysitter, Mom!"

"I told you to mind your mouth, Dennis! I don't want you to using that
sort of language around Melissa, understood?"

"Ok, Mom!  Sorry."

"Good, now go and apologize to your sister and then get washed up up for
dinner."

Dennis sulked off to find his sister, mumbling indignantly under his
breath. Imagine, sixteen years old, and having to babysit your own
sister. "What a drag", he thought.  "I could be out having some real
fun...but no. I gotta mind my little sister...and, I gotta apologize to
her as well!  Shit!" He was still fuming as he stopped outside his
sister's bedroom. The light was on, so he tried the doorknob. It was
locked.  He was about to knock when he heard a muffled moan from within.

"What the fuck!..."  he said to himself.

Dropping to one knee, young Dennis peered inquisitively through the
keyhole, unable to believe his own eyes!  Melissa was standing in front
of her full length mirror, and she was stark naked! She had her back to
the door, but Dennis could see her front, fully reflected in the long
mirror. He gasped aloud at the unexpected sight.

He marvelled at how full and curvaceous her figure was. He had never
seen her naked before, at least not since she was a little girl, and
somehow he never expected her body to be so...so sexy. His cock began to
swell in his pants as he gazed at her slim young figure. His eyes
travelled hungrily over her firm, round breasts and pert little ass,
coming finally to rest on her downy cuntmound. She had her legs slightly
apart, and Dennis could clearly see his sister's little pink cuntslit,
glistening wetly between her legs. His cock twitched to full attention
as he watched what she was doing. She was staring at herself in the
mirror, all the time running her hands over her naked body, rubbing her
tits and squeezing her pussy, moaning all the while, a look of pure
carnal lust on her pretty, young face.

Dennis reached for his cock and grabbed the huge erection through his
pants. He couldn't believe his eyes! His little fourteen-year-old sister
was feeling herself up like one of those slutty porn queens he liked to
fantasize about when he jacked off. Shit!...she looked even BETTER than
some of them! Dennis started to rub his stiff, aching prick as he stared
at her, getting more and more excited by the second. But soon, his
self-gratifying jerks became a little too vigorous, and his hand bumped
noisily against the door. Melissa spun around, reaching quickly for a
robe. Hurriedly putting it on, she headed for the door.

"Who is it?", asked Melissa suspiciously.

Dennis stood up, his heart beating wildly.  To his relief, his swollen
cock began to quickly deflate, but unfortunately not quite before
Melissa opened the door.

"Oh, it's you, Dennis", she said with a look of disgust on her face. 
"What do you want?"

"I...er...um...I wanted to apologized for what I said to you before.",
he stammered, trying to cover his still-swollen cock.

"Really?", scowled Melissa.

Dennis looked nervously up and down the hallway. His sister's room was
the safest place for him at the moment, he couldn't go back through the
livingroom with a horn like this.

"Can I come in and talk to you for a minute, Sis?", he suggested. 
Melissa noticed the strange placement of his hands, and a faint smile
creased her mouth as she realized that her brother was trying to hide an
enormous hardon.

"Ok!  But make it snappy! I've gotta finish getting dressed.", she said,
pretending to be mad at him. She let her brother in and closed the door,
locking it behind her.

"What'd you do that for?", asked Dennis.

"Oh, just habit I guess.", she said, bending over to pick up her
discarded panties. "Besides, I'm sure you don't want anybody to see you
kiss my butt."

"HUH???", gulped Dennis. His eyes dropped automatically to the cheeks of
his little sister's ass, outlined provocatively under the thin fabric of
her robe.

"Well, you said you wanted to apologize to me, didn't you?", she asked,
straightening up.  As she did so, the loose sash around her waist came
undone, allowing the robe to fall open, and to Dennis' complete
surprise, Melissa made no move to cover herself up.

"Uh, yeah...yeah!", he muttered. "I do!...um...I do want to apologize."
Dennis couldn't help staring wide-eyed at her gorgeous young tits and
cunt. He gulped audibly. His cute little sister was standing there in
front of him, almost naked! Any other time she would have screamed "blue
murder" if he so much as even glimpsed her in bra and panties...tonight
she wasn't even batting an eyelid!

Melissa saw her brother's eyes drift down to the moist, pink slit
between her legs, and an illicit thrill ran up her spine. She put her
hands on her hips and spread her legs, knowing it would part the robe
even more. She felt a deliciously wicked feeling of power over her
normally-"cool" older brother. Dennis could see everything she had to
offer, and to her total delight, her big handsome brother was devouring
her naked body with his eyes.

"Well?  Are you gonna look at my pussy all night or what?", asked
Melissa.

Her brother's hot gaze travelled up and down her exposed body from tits
to cunt and back again, his mouth hanging open in utter amazement. 
Christ, she looked fuckin' good!

"Shit, Dennis, if you don't apologize soon, I'm gonna yell for Mom!"

"Jesus!  Come on, Sis.", whined Dennis, a little frightened at the
prospect of being caught in his sister's bedroom with a hardon. "I just
wanted to say I was a real dickhead out there before, and that I'm
sorry, ok?"

Melissa looked down at the bulge in his pants and smiled. She leaned
towards him and whispered, "Looks like you've got one of those in your
pants."

"What?!?"

"A dickhead, silly!", breathed Melissa, "...and a big one at that. Can I
feel it, Dennis?" She reached for his crotch, but Dennis first reaction
was to back away...he was too surprised to think clearly.

"What's wrong, big brother? Don't you let those prick-teasers you guys
pick up down at the mall feel your cock?"

Dennis was stunned, after what he'd just seen, and the way his little
sister was acting, he didn't know whether to stay or run.

"Or maybe my big, handsome brother is homosexual!", teased Melissa. "Is
that it?...Are you gay, Dennis?"

That was it!  Sister or no sister, Dennis wasn't letting that sort of
accusation pass unchallenged. Roughly, he grabbed Melissa's tiny hand
and pushed it against his growing hardon.

"Does that feel like I'm gay...little miss know-it all?", he growled.
Melissa grinned up at him with a look of devilish satisfaction on her
face.

"Mmmmmmm, no, it sure doesn't!", she gasped, wrapping her fingers
possessively around her brother's swollen cock through the front of his
shorts. "I...I guess I was wrong!"

"You bet you were!", said Dennis cupping her firm little breasts. "And I
want you to understand one thing.  You've got some growing up to do if
you're gonna mess around with older guys!"

Melissa looked up at her big, handsome brother with the sexiest
little-girl look she could muster.

"Ohhh, Denny! You know so much about sex...Teach me...Please!" she
breathed, squeezing gently on his cock.

Dennis stared down into his sister's deep brown eyes, and found he
couldn't resist her. Not that he really wanted to. She wasn't just his
little sister anymore, she was a sexy, available piece of ass...and she
was begging him for it!

Dennis still didn't know if she was leading him on.  He hadn't yet
decided if it would be safe to see just how she would let him go. His
cock leaped at the thought of actually balling his cute little baby
sister, but the fear of being caught still stopped him. It was a hard
decision, but when the pretty little fourteen-year-old began to rub her
cuntmound against his cock, Dennis made made up his mind real quick.

"Ok, kid!", he said, growing bolder by the second. "Lesson number one!" 
He
pulled her naked body against him, letting his hands roam freely under
her wide-open robe, squeezing her pert young tits and rubbing her hard,
rubbery little nipples until they sprang to full attention. "Reach in
and take out my cock, baby!", he whispered as his hands slid down to
fondle the tiny round cheeks of her ass.

Melissa undid the zip on his pants and pulled out his straining prick. 
It was enormous! She had no idea her brother's cock would be so long and
thick.

"God, Dennis!...It's huge!", she gasped in awe. Just the sight of it set
her wet cuntal slit quivering with uncontrollable desire.

"I knew you'd like it, Sis!", said her brother proudly. "All the girls
do!"

"Jesus! I can see why!", exclaimed Melissa, feeling all melty inside.

"Ohhhh, Dennis!  It's almost as big as Da..."  Luckily, Melissa stopped
herself before she let the cat out of the bag completely. It wasn't time
to let Dennis in on that side of her sexual experiences just yet.

"Huh?"

"Oh...  nothing. It's just so damn big I can't believe it! How long is
it, hard?"

"Nine inches, Sis!", boasted Dennis. "Nine, long mother-fuckin' inches!"

"Oh, God! Dennis!" Her heart began to race at the very thought of his
huge cock stretching her tiny pussy.  The fact that he was her big
brother made it all the better...more forbidden...more exciting...not to
mention incestuous. She was so hot, she wanted him now...she wanted her
strong, handsome brother to throw her on the bed, spread her legs, and
drive his big, throbbing, nine-inch cock deep into her aching little
cunt.

Just as she was about to open her mouth and beg him to do something...
anything, Dennis pulled off her robe and sat her down on the edge of the
bed facing him. He pushed her thighs apart with his knees and stood
between them, his hard prick quivering only inches from his sister's
softly parted lips. Dennis looked down at her with an anxious look on
his handsome young face.

"We haven't got much time, Mel, so how 'bout you give me a quick blow
job?"

"Mmmmm! Yeah, okay!", she said off-handedly. Inside Melissa was seething
with suppressed desire.

His hands were already at the back of her head, pulling her mouth
urgently towards his raging hardon, and with a small moan, Melissa bent
forwards. She grabbed her brother's cock and unceremoniously stuffed the
giant-sized pecker eagerly into her warm, wet mouth. Dennis let out a
loud groan of pleasure as her hot lips engulfed the full length of his
prick. He couldn't still believe it! He was standing in his sister's
bedroom with his dick in her mouth, and the cock-hungry little cunt was
eating him like a pro!

Melissa's small cheeks hollowed and swelled as she sucked voraciously. 
Her nostrils flared as she breathed deeply, taking in the pungent male
scent of her brother's crotch. She loved the smell of cock...it drove
her wild! As for her brother...she was driving him wild too.

"Ohhh, Sis! Jesus, that's nice!", he moaned, squeezing her tits. "Suck
it hard, baby sister! Suck your big brother's fat, hairy prick!...Uhh! 
God, what a great little cocksucker!...Honey, you're a fuckin'
natural!"  Melissa could only mumble and unintelligible reply as her
pretty little mouth bobbed back and forth on her brother's rampant cock.

"Mmmmmmmm! Ummmmmmmmm! Mmmmfffffffhhh!"

"Don't try to speak.", grunted Dennis. "Just concentrate on sucking my
balls out through the end of my dick, baby!"

Melissa dropped a hand to her flooded cunt, it was getting much too hot
to ignore. She pressed two tiny fingers between the juicy, pink lips and
began to stab them quickly in and out of her seething little hole,
moaning all the while. Dennis became even more excited when he saw what
his little sister was doing.

"Ohhh, yes! Do it, Sis! Play with yourself while you suck me off!", he
panted, watching her glistening fingers slide deeply in and out of the
juicy pink slit. "What a turn-on! Jesus, Melissa! I can't wait to fuck
you, Sis!"

"Neither can I!", thought Melissa, grinding her little ass around on the
bed, in pure adolescent lust.

Her mouth was so tight around his cock that Dennis had trouble holding
his orgasm back. He could feel the familiar tremors already in his balls
and he knew he wouldn't last much longer. He tried to think of other
things, but it was impossible. He couldn't take his eyes off his little
sister's angelic face, swollen out of shape around his huge prick.

"Suck it hard, Sis!", panted Dennis, driving his cock into her narrow
young throat. "I'm almost there!...Oh, Fuck! I'm almost there, baby!"

Melissa did exactly as her brother told her and plunged her mouth
hungrily over his cock. When she reached up and squeezed his dangling
balls, Dennis shuddered and grabbed her head in both hands, ramming into
her mouth with long deep strokes, fucking her pretty little cock-sucking
face for all he was worth. Then, just as she felt her brother's cock
jerk wildly in her throat, Melissa heard her mother's voice calling from
the kitchen.

"DENNIS!  MELISSA!  Don't be long!  Dinner's almost ready, you two!"

Neither of the two incestuous siblings hesitated in what they were doing
for an instant, they were both too far gone towards orgasm.  Dennis
called back so that their mother wouldn't come looking for them.  He
hoped his voice sounded normal.

"Arhh, okay, Mom!...Just coming!", he shouted, as his cock began to
spurt. "Just cummmmmming!"...and indeed he was coming, right into his
little sister's sweet, sucking mouth.  He smiled at the humour of the
situation, but only briefly as wave after wave of pleasure shuddered
through his loins, the contractions of his cock emptying his swollen
balls into the young girl's vacuuming mouth.

Melissa swallowed it all, gulping down her brother's hot, thick cream
like a greedy baby sucking a bottle, groaning and gurgling around his
twitching cock as her own climax overtook her. She fell backwards onto
the bed, her thighs spread wide apart, her eyes closed in post-orgasmic
bliss. Dennis watched as his cock left her mouth with a slurping sound
and sprang back upwards, hitting his belly. Although it had lost some of
it's rigidity due to his orgasm, it was quite still hard...and the more
he looked at his sister's lewdly displayed twat, the harder it got!

Her narrow, pink cuntslit was so wet and juicy looking inside, and as
Dennis watched, droplets of clear sticky juice began to ooze slowly from
the bottom. Her little cuntlips gaped sweetly open...not much...just
enough to reveal the dark, inviting little entrance of her cunthole. It
was too much for him, and with a moan, he lay down on top of her,
covering his sister's tiny frame with his large, muscular body. His cock
pressed conveniently against her cuntmound, slithering over her leaking
slit as he hunched his crotch against hers.  As much as she wanted her
brother to fuck her right then and there, Melissa knew that if they
didn't stop now, they'd be caught for sure.

"Dennis!  Get up!  Mom's gonna come in here if we don't get out there
soon!", she whispered.

"Fuck, Mom!", growled Dennis, grinding his prick against her clit.

"Mmmmmm!  No, fuck me, Dennis!", replied his sister, returning the
delicious pressure of his hard cock. "But let's do it later, okay?... 
or we're gonna get caught! We've got all night to ourselves, remember!"

"You're right, Sis!", said her brother reluctantly standing up. He
looked like he was weighing something up in his mind.

"It is an interesting thought though.", he mused.

"What is?"

"Fucking Mom."

"What?!", said Melissa, unable to believe her ears.

"Fucking Mom!", he repeated. "I mean, shit!...she's pretty...she's got a
great lookin' body and from the sounds she and Dad make in bed
sometimes, I bet she's a hot little fuck too?"

Melissa's mouth dropped open. She was stunned, but she couldn't prevent
her mind's eye from picturing Dennis stark naked, between their mother's
wide-open thighs, slamming his young prick deep into her hairy, upthrust
cunt as they fucked like animals in heat.

"That's sick, Dennis!", she spat. "You can't have sex with your own
mother!"

"Why not", he smiled, pulling her up off the bed. "If I can have sex
with my cute little baby sister, why can't I have sex with my
mother....  huh?"

Dennis grabbed her by the back of the neck and kissed her deeply. He was
a good four or five inches taller than her, and Melissa had to stand on
tiptoes as she returned her brother's hot, incestuous kiss with equal
passion.

"Later, babe!", he smiled. Stuffing his sticky limp cock back into his
pants, Dennis turned and left the room, leaving Melissa to ponder over
what he had said.

All through dinner, Dennis kept glancing at his mother. He had never
noticed how beautiful she was until now. He looked over at his sister
and saw her smile at him, a sexy little smile that was full of promise. 
He smiled back and gave her a knowing wink, but his gaze soon returned
to his mother. At fourty-three, Helen Harvey looked at least ten years
younger. She was slim, athletic and very pretty, and when she wore her
long blonde hair in a ponytail, like she was tonight, she looked even
younger and prettier. Dennis tried to join in the light, mealtime
conversation, but found his mind kept roaming elsewhere...to his
mother's gorgeous body! He hoped nobody noticed him staring at her
tits.  They were big and firm looking, and seemed to strain against the
front of her light, cotton blouse much harder than Dennis could
remember.

It was also clear that his mother wasn't wearing any bra, since he could
clearly see the indentations of her nipples pressing provocatively
against the thin fabric. It wasn't strange for Helen not to wear a
bra...it was just that before tonight, her son hadn't had a reason to
take any notice. Now, young Dennis couldn't help but notice!  She was
also wearing a pair of tight, white shorts, cut high on her thigh, and
when she got up to get dessert, Dennis' eyes followed his mother's every
move.  He nearly dropped his fork when she bent over to pick up a fallen
napkin. For one glorious second, Dennis could see right up between his
mother's firm, creamy thighs, and his heart skipped a beat when he
noticed a wisp of cunthair peeking cheekily out from under the hem of
her shorts. 'Christ!  She's not wearing any fuckin' panties either!", he
thought with a sudden surge of pleasure. Melissa saw her brother's look
of lust and gave him a kick under the table. Dennis scowled at her and
returned to picking at his meal.

"What's wrong, Dennis?  Aren't you hungry tonight, honey?", asked his
mother.

"Uh...  not really, mom!", mumbled Dennis, looking down at his plate. 
He was certain that if he looked up at his mother, he wouldn't be able
to stop from staring at parts of her body that weren't proper for a son
to be staring at.

"Ok!  Maybe you'll feel like a little snack later then.", said Helen
taking his plate away.

"How's work, Daddy?", Melissa asked her father, trying to change the
subject.

"Good, sweetheart! Real good!", smiled her father. Don Harvey was
fourty-four, handsome, athletic and a successful executive for a local
computer company...and the one thing he loved to talk about was his
job.  As she listened to her father tell her about his day, Melissa
stole jealous glances at her brother, who was still eyeing off his
mother's trim young body every chance he got.

After dinner, Helen and Don left for the P&T meeting with the usual
strict instructions.

"Okay, we'll be back about eleven, kids," said Helen. "Don't stay up too
late...and Dennis, take care of your sister! No fighting you tow,
okay?""

"Okay, Mom!" they chorused.

"...and Dennis, " grinned his father as they went out the front door, "I
know how many beers are in the fridge, okay son?"

"Yes, Dad..."

As soon as the door closed behind them, Dennis turned to Melissa.

"Well, little sister!  Mom says I've gotta take care of you tonight. 
How do you feel about that?", he asked.

"Ohhhh, Denny!  I'm so randy!  The sooner you take care of me the
better!... I can't wait!", Melissa replied, throwing her arms around her
brother's strong shoulders. She looked up at him with a look of
desperate need on her pretty, young face and pressed her crotch against
the bulge in his pants.  "Are you gonna fuck me now?", she whispered,
shamelessly rubbing her cuntmound against his rising cock.  Dennis
dropped his hands to her thighs and slid them up under her nightdress,
cupping the twin cheeks of her shapely little butt.

She wanted it bad, and Dennis was sorely tempted. He had the sudden urge
to rip off his sister's clothes, spread her out right here on the
living-room floor, and fuck her 'till she passed out....but he resisted
the temptation. Dennis didn't want to rush things. He wanted their first
sexual encounter together to last...he wanted his sexy little sister to
remember it for the rest of her life, and above all, he wanted her to
come back for more...much, much more.

"Don't be too impatient, Sis!", he said. "We've got all night,
remember!" He lifted her face to his and kissed her parted lips
tenderly. "We've got all night to touch...and rub...and lick...and
suck...or anything else we want to do to each other."

"I just want you to fuck me, Dennis!", murmured his sister. "Ever since
I sucked you off in my room, I haven't been able to think of anything
else!"

"I will fuck you, Sis!...I promise!", he said. "But let's have a little
fun first." Dennis suddenly pulled his sister by the hand. "Come on!... 
There's something I've always wanted to try!"

"What?"

"Mom and Dad's waterbed!", said Dennis with a devilish grin. "It's got
satin sheets...I bet Robbie never fucked you on a waterbed!"

"Oh, yeah!  Can we, Denny?", squealed his sister with glee. "What a turn
on!"

Hand in hand they ran to the master bedroom, but as they opened the
door, their eyes opened wide at the magnificent sight that greeted them.

"God, it's huge!", said Melissa flopping into the center of the
impressive, king size waterbed.

"Not yet it isn't!", laughed Dennis reaching into his pants. Melissa
rolled over onto her back and gasped at the sight of her brother's
half-hard penis as he pulled it out.

"I didn't mean your prick, stupid! I meant the bed.", she giggled. Her
voice sounded playful, but her hot young eyes were on his exposed cock. 
Dennis looked down at her and licked his lips.

"God, you've got a hot little body, Sis!", he murmured. "Pull up your
nightie and let me look at you." Melissa moved quickly to obey, her eyes
still glued to his man-sized cock.  She reached down and pulled up the
hem of her nightgown until it was around her slender waist, exposing her
plump, panty-covered crotch to her brother's lustful gaze.

"You should see the look on your face, Dennis.", giggled Melissa.

"Yeah?  What's it like?", asked her brother curiously.

"You keep licking your lips and looking at my pussy. Are you hungry or
something, big brother?". Dennis could see from the smile on her face,
that his sister was getting excited just talking to him like this. He
decided to play along.

"Oh, I'm hungry alright, Sis!...Hungry for your hot, wet, tasty little
cunt!"

"Ooooh, Denny! What are you talking about?", cried the girl in mock
horror.
She was becoming more and more aroused by their lewd conversation. "You
don't mean you'd like to eat my poor tender little pussy, do you?"

"I sure do, little girl!", growled her brother, becoming equally
excited.

"Oooooooh, that's dirty!"

"I hope not, honey," breathed Dennis. "'Cause I'm gonna suck that hot,
juicy, little slit of yours until you cum all over the place and then
I'm gonna lick up every fuckin' drop of it!"

"Ohh, Denny! God, yes! I want you to! I want you to suck my cunt. I'll
cream all over your face, I promise! You can suck my asshole too...or
fuck me there if you want!...and fuck my cunt! Don't forget my tight
little cunt! Uhhhhh, Do it all to me, Denny...I want to be so dirty with
you!"

Dennis couldn't believe the wanton filth gushing from his
fourteen-year-old sister's mouth. He could hardly believe his ears. To
look at her, you would never, in a million years, believed that the cute
little kid had even heard of such lewd language. She was like a little
doll he thought...a fragile china doll lying there in the center of that
enormous bed, but the tight, pink panties outlined a cunt that was
ample, and obviously already wet from the exquisite anticipation of
getting fucked.  Melissa parted her little legs provocatively, hoping
her brother would touch her aching pussy and relieve some of the
mounting sexual tension she felt there.

The movement on the waterbed made Melissa's little tits quiver
enticingly under her thin nightdress. Through the thin material Dennis
could see the dark circles of her aureolas and the tiny, erect buds of
her nipples. Her budding breasts looked like ripe, pink peaches, ready
to be plucked. Dennis stripped off his shorts and shirt, and stood naked
before her, holding his rapidly stiffening prick in both hands.

"Jesus, Denny!", breathed Melissa, her little eyes expanding into wide
brown pools of adolescent desire as she took in her brother's naked,
muscular body. Her eyes bulged even more now that she could see the full
size of is erect penis. "You really are my BIG brother! Jesus, how do
you fit that thing into your pants?"

"I strap it to my leg with sticking plaster!", he said jokingly. 
Watching the look on his sister's angelic little face, Dennis skinned
back his foreskin, grinning at her lewdly as the big bulging head came
into view.  "Well, Sis? What do you think?"

"Jesus!...I think you should fuck me with it, right now. That's what I
think!", gasped Melissa, rubbing her moisture-filled slit.

"Impatient little cunt, aren't you, Sis?" Melissa watched with
fascination as Dennis began to move his fist up and down on his long,
throbbing shaft, pulling and pushing the loose foreskin back and forth
over the enormously fat cockhead. She had never seen a boy masturbate,
not even Robbie, and it held a strange attraction for her. Dennis saw
the look in her eyes.

"You like to look at me jerk off, don't you, Mel?", he asked.

"Yeah! It's making me hot!", she answered, sliding one of her hands
under the elastic of her panties.

"Why don't you get naked too, Sis. I want to watch you play with your
cunt!" Melissa sat up and quickly pulled her nightgown over her head. 
Dennis sucked in his breath loudly as his sister's fantastic little tits
sprang free.

"Nice tits, Sis!", he murmured.  "Real fuckin' nice!"

Next, Melissa put her thumbs under the elastic band and peeled her
panties down over her creamy, young thighs, lifting her hips up off the
bed to get them out from under her cute little butt.  Dennis licked his
lips as his sister shamelessly exposed her sweet, hairless young twat to
him.

"Oh, baby!", he sighed. "Now that's what I call a real pretty sight!"
Melissa was anxious to begin, the sight of her big brother's erect cock
only feet away was driving her crazy!

"Fuck me, Dennis", she hissed, spreading her legs. "Put your cock in my
pussy and fuck me with it!...I've waited all night for this!...I'm so
hot!"

Her brother smiled. She was hot alright, and so was he, but Dennis knew
from sad experience that if he fucked her now, that tight little cunt of
hers would have him coming in no time flat, and that would be a
disaster. He needed to come once just to take the edge off, while still
keeping her as hot as she was right now.

"Let's take it slow, Sis. We've got plenty of time, so let's make the
most of it", he suggested. "Why don't we start by watching each other
jerk off!"

"No!  I want you to fuck me!", pouted Melissa. The look of
disappointment on her baby-doll features reminded him of the time he had
stolen her ice cream cone when they were little kids.

"You'll love it, Mel!", said Dennis enthusiastically. "You bring
yourself off and I'll beat my meat. That way we can watch each other
doin' it! It'll be fuckin' outta sight!" It wasn't really what the
little brunette wanted, but it was better than nothing.  Besides, she
had to admit that it WOULD be turn-on having her own brother jerking off
as he watched her masturbate. The more she thought about it the more she
liked the idea. It was the lewdness of her brother's suggestion that
began began to excite her. "C'mon, Sis, It's kicks...you'll see!"

She looked up into his pleading face and then down at the way he was
rubbing his big, beautiful erection and readily agreed.

"All right," she gasped. "But you've gotta promise to fuck me soon,
okay?"

"You bet!", answered her brother. "...and believe me, we're gonna do
more than fuck tonight, babe!"

"What do you want me to do, Dennis?", Melissa asked, looking up at him. 
It sent shivers of lust through the boy's cock as his sister stared at
him with those little-girl eyes of hers. "God, she was cute!", he
thought, "...and so fuckin' hot! Who would have thought?  His own
sister, a horny, little nympho!...Fuck! It was too good to believe!... 
This was gonna be a night to remember!'

"Spread your legs so I can see your cunt, and then play with your tits,"
he said, pumping his cock frantically up and down.

Melissa spread her legs wide apart. The lips of her cunt opened wide and
she watched her brother's reaction with growing excitement. His mouth
opened slightly and his tongue flicked across his lips. She cupped her
firm, round tits and squeezed them into conical peaks. She rolled them
around and around on her chest, rubbing her thumbs across the nipples,
tickling them with her nails until they were hard and erect. Her brother
kept running his hand up and down his rock-hard prick as his eyes darted
from the magnificent shape of her tits to the pink, juicy gash of her
tightly-stretched little pussy.

"Squeeze 'em, Mel!  Squeeze those tits for me!", Dennis said. "God, I
can't wait to suck on one of those!...Would you like me to suck your
tits, babe?"

"Yessss," she whispered, fascinated by the way he was stroking his cock.
"Yes, I want you to suck them...and lick them...and chew on my nipples!"

"I will, baby!...", groaned Dennis as he watched her little ass writhe
around on the satin sheets. "Spread your legs wider so I can see more of
your pussy!"

His sister pulled her knees up and spread them wide, until her hairless,
little mound poked up into the air like jelly on a plate. Dennis gasped
with delight as her tight, elastic outer lips parted, to reveal the
cutest, pinkest, juiciest little cuntslit the boy had ever seen. 
Melissa watched with pleasure as her brother's eyes almost bulged out of
his head. She framed her pussy with her fingers, pulling the partially
opened lips of her little cunt wide open. She was writhing and moaning
with urgent need.

"Ooooooooh! Dennis! I can't stand it any more! Touch me! Feel my pussy!"

Dennis immediately dropped a hand to his sister's naked pubes, feeling
her warm, slender thighs widen eagerly to the pressure of his exploring
fingers.

"Oh yes!  God, yes, Dennis!  Inside!  Stick a finger inside my cunt! 
Feel how how hot and wet I am!", moaned Melissa as she felt his urgent
fingers stroking the moist, pouting lips of her tender young pussy.

Her brother's forbidden intimate touch electrified her, and she was
having a similar effect on him. Shaking with excitement, Dennis slid his
middle finger into Melissa's leaking twat. It was hot alright...real
hot...and juicy too. Her young cunt-muscles gripped his finger so
tightly, Dennis wondered how on earth his big cock was going to fit into
her small hole. There was plenty of oily lubrication there, but it still
felt so goddamned tiny!

"God, your little cunt is tight, Sis! You aren't still cherry, are you?"

"No, I...Ummmmm! I lost that months ago!", she said, hunching eagerly up
against her brother's drilling finger.

"Who to?...that little pencil-dick Robbie Ward I suppose."

"Ye..uhhhhh! That's nice! Um....yes, It was, I'm sorry to say.", she
said.

"Shit! You should have come to me, Sis! If I'd known how hot you were
for it, I'd have tried it on with you sooner!"

"I wish you had, Dennis!", sighed his sister. "Just think...I could have
had all the cock I wanted right here at home...  any time I wanted!"

"And I could have had all the tight, young cunt I wanted without
spending all day and night chasing it down at the Mall", replied Dennis.

Melissa looked up at her big brother with a look of utter fuck-lust on
her pretty young face.

"Ummmmmmm! How about we make up for lost time then?", she smiled, "... 
and don't hold back, I can take anything you can give me, lover boy!"

"Lover boy, huh?", said her brother, with a devilish grin. "I'll give
you fucking 'lover boy'!"

Dennis spread his little sister's long, slender legs even wider and
trust a second finger into her gaping young pussy, stabbing hard.

"Oh, my God, Denny! That's it, yes! Oh, Christ, yessssssssssss!"

"You like that, don't you, you hot, sexy little fuck?", hissed Dennis. 
"You like my fingers rammed up your juicy fuckin' snatch, don't you,
Sis?"

Melissa bit her bottom lip and nodded, moaning softly.

"I bet you do!", grunted Dennis, finger-fucking his little sister's cunt
deeply. "But wait till you feel my cock in there, honey.", he boasted.
"It'll really blow your mind!"

Dennis moved his fingers 'round and 'round her squishy little slit in a
circle, and then inserted another, ramming all three into her bubbling
cunthole as deeply as possible, watching his sister squirm with delight.

"Tell me how much you like it, Sis!", he grunted. "I want to hear you
beg for it, and while you're at it, grab hold of my dick and keep it
hard!"  Melissa's
naked little ass squirmed uncontrollably on the satin sheets.

"Oooooooh! Fuck!  I love it, Dennis! I love your fingers in my cunt! 
Ooooh! God! Fuck me with your fingers for a while. Get me ready for your
cock!"

Melissa wrapped her tiny fingers around her brother's throbbing prick
and began to rub her fist up and down the long, hard shaft, at the same
time bucking her pussy up at his stiffly stabbing fingers.

"That's it, Sis! Squeeze my fuckin' cock! Jerk me off! Christ, for a
little girl, you sure know now to treat a guy's prick!"

"Ohhhh, Denny! It's getting so big! I can't wait to feel it up my
cunt!", whimpered his sister.

"Me either, Mel!...  Me either!"

Dennis' fingers rammed repeatedly in and out of his sister's upthrust
sex, fucking her slippery little cunt like a three-pronged cock. He
kissed her lips, her neck and then her heaving tits, sucking the
youngster's hard stiff nipples eagerly into his mouth. He moved lower,
licking hungrily, covering the creamy flatness of his sister's belly
with a film of glistening saliva. Melissa shivered with excitement as
she felt her brother's mouth burning a hot, delicious trail towards her
itching cunt.  And by the time his mouth reached the top of her slit,
she was going crazy!

"Oh, yes, Denny!...Lower!  Lower!...Oh, fuck!...Kiss my pussy!
Please?..."  Pulling his fingers from her twat, Dennis flashed his horny
little sister a lewd, devilish smile.

"Okay, Sis!", he said grabbing hold of her tiny ankles. "Spread your
legs real wide and let big brother eat out your sweet, juicy little
twat!"

Without waiting for a reply, Dennis bent his head to her tiny, virtually
hairless mound and darted his tongue between the parted lips of his
sister's tight little cunny, lapping eagerly up and down the narrow,
dribbling cuntslit.

"Ohhhh, yes, oh yes, Denny!  I love it, I love it like that!", squealed
Melissa, tossing her pretty young head from side to side.  She couldn't
believe it!  It was so exciting!  Her own brother was licking her
cunt...and doing a damn fine job too!  "God, what a hot tongue he has.."
she thought.

Melissa felt so wonderfully, excitedly depraved! She wanted her handsome
big brother to do and say the most disgusting things to her. She watched
his tongue slide in and out of her hot, slimy little cunt with wide,
wild eyes.

"Oooooh, Jesus, that looks so dirty!", she squealed, stroking her
fingers through his ruffled blonde hair. "What does it taste like,
Denny?...Does it taste nice?"

Dennis lifted his head for a moment and grinned lewdly at her.

"It taste's like cunt, Mel!", he chuckled. "Hot, creamy, sister-cunt!"

"Ooooooh, Denny! Your mouth feels so good on my pussy!", moaned Melissa,
"I get the feeling you've done this before, big brother...more than
once!"

"Oh yeah!  God, I love eating pussy, Mel!", admitted Dennis, making a
show of licking her wetness from his lips. "Mmmmmmmmm!...and your's is
sweet, so fuckin' sweet...and juicy! I could eat your hot little cunt
all night, Sis!"

"Mmmmmmmm! Oh, God, I sure hope so!", moaned his sister. She looked at
his handsome face , framed between her open thighs and her pussy tingled
with anticipation. "Dennis...those girls you pick up down at the
mall...  do you suck their cunts too?"

"Sure!  Some of 'em are really hot for it!", he grinned, knowing he was
turning his little sister on just by talking about his sex-life. "They
know I love pussy-munching, Sis...and usually most of 'em can't wait for
me to pull off their panties and bury my tongue in their hot, wet little
cunts!"

As she listened to her brother's lurid confession, Melissa trembled with
incestuous lust, her excited little cunt exuding even more fragrant,
sticky juice for him to lick up. She still held her brother's hard prick
firmly in her hand, and before long, just the feel of it throbbing hotly
under her fingers made the little teenager's mouth water. On a sudden
impulse, Melissa pulled her brother up beside her and wrapped her tiny
fingers around his hard dick

"I'm hot for it too, Dennis!" she gasped, pulling him onto the bed
beside her. Dennis was more than a little bemused by his sister's
actions.

"Hey, what's goin' on?  I thought you wanted me to suck you off, Sis?"

"I do, big brother." she replied with a wanton look on her angelic
little face. "But I want to suck your fat, juicy prick while you lick my
cunt, okay?"

"Mmmmm, you bet!", grinned Dennis. "Christ, who would have thought that
my little baby sister was into this sort of heavy shit! You're really
something else, Mel!"

Eager for some more mouth action from his little sister, Dennis
scrambled quickly into the bed middle of the bed and lay on his back. 
His virile young cock stood straight up, thick and bulging with blue
veins. When Melissa saw it like that, she had to fight a powerful urge
to jump in top of him and bury that gorgeous, pulsating hunk of meat
deep inside her hot, itching cunt. But she resisted the temptation. 
Right now, more than anything she wanted to suck her brother's beautiful
big cock while he returned the favour by licking her juice-filled
twat...and was he ever going to get a mouthful! Her hot, little gash was
creaming like mad just thinking about it!

Melissa turned around and climbed over her brother on hands and knees,
straddling the boy's head with her legs. Then, spreading her knees wide
apart, the horny youngster hunched her crotch towards his upturned face,
dropping her hot little ass lower and lower until the drooling, pink
gash of her cunt squished wetly against her brother's searching mouth. 
Dennis moaned, sliding his arms about his sister's hips and cupped her
little-girl ass, pulling her pussylips wide apart as his mouth pressed
into her slit. Melissa's head flew back and a wanton cry escaped her
full, red lips as she felt her brother's hard, pointed tongue slither
into her oversexed little cunt once more. His vacuuming mouth made loud
slurping noises as he sucked the seething juices from her hot, quivering
hole. Melissa reached out and dragged her brother's erect cock to her
lips. She could just reach it, and found she had to strain to get it
into her mouth, but eventually she succeeded, and Dennis's young hips
lunged automatically upwards as he felt the warmth of her hot little
mouth surround the bloated head of his dick.

At the same time, Dennis jammed his whole face up between her thighs,
wallowing in his sister's tasty, juice-filled cuntslit. When he began to
suck her clit into his mouth, Melissa took her mouth off his cock and
let out an excited yell.

"Oooooooohhhhhh! That's fantastic, Dennis! Suck harder! Oooo, Suck my
clit!" Dennis gave the hard little bud a few more sucks and then took
his mouth off her juicy cunt just long enough to chastise his little
sister for taking her mouth off his cock.

"Jesus, Sis!  Get your mouth back on my prick or I won't suck you at
all!" Melissa replied by swallowing her brother's glistening cock to the
very base, she wanted to please him, and the last thing she wanted right
now was for him to stop sucking her...it felt absolutely wonderful!

She needn't have worried, since Dennis had no intention of stopping. 
His sister's tender young pussy was the best he had ever tasted. She may
be only thirteen, but her gorgeous little cunt displayed all the promise
of mature young womanhood as it became increasingly flushed with heated
arousal and wet with lustful, adolescent passions. Melissa moaned
incessantly as she felt her brother's artful tongue lashing her feverish
cuntflesh. It seemed to possess a life of it's own as it sliced
repeatedly back and forth between her tightly-stretched cuntlips, the
wriggily tip making frequent electric contact with her super-sensitive
clit.

Dennis spread his sister's elastic little pussylips with his thumbs and
probed deeper, titillating the rosy-red inner folds of her young cunt. 
He was avoiding sending his tongue directly into her fuckhole, and
licked frustratingly all around it, keeping her in the edge with
anticipation. When he finally fucked his tongue into her steaming
cunthole, Melissa moaned loudly and ground her pussy onto his face,
clamping her brother's head between her soft, creamy thighs. Dennis held
his breath and fucked his tongue in and out of his little sister's open
twat, plunging it deeper and deeper into her tight, juicy cunthole with
every thrust.  Melissa reacted by grinding her gaping hairless down onto
the boy's mouth, and sucking on his prick like crazy.

Clinging to his sister's squirming ass, his fingers squeezing the
asscheeks, Dennis sucked and licked hungrily. The juices of the
youngster's snatch dripped directly into his mouth, and he swallowed the
warm, fragrant nectar with pleasure, savouring the fresh, unspoiled
taste of her aroused, adolescent cunt. Her little-used pussy tasted so
young and pure and clean, so different to the gamey, well-fucked cunts
of the older girls he usually got his tongue into. He twisted and
twirled his tongue inside her satiny pussy, sucking at her rigid clit.

Melissa jerked her juice-smeared mound up and down on her brother's
face, rotating her hips so that his fast-moving lips and tongue came
into searing contact with every inch of her exposed cunt, especially her
quivering little clit. She was very close to orgasm and she could tell
it was going to be a good one. Suddenly, Melissa stiffened and pulled
her mouth from her brother's cock.

"Ohhhh, God, Dennis!  I'm gonna cummmm!!", she wailed, sitting back
heavily on his face.

She arched her back and threw back her head. Grabbing his huge,
saliva-covered prick with both hands, she started pulling on it like
crazy, jerking him off as a massive climax washed over her trembling
young body.

"ARRGGHHHHHH! MAKE ME CUM, DENNY!...OOOOH, YOU GORGEOUS BASTARD!... 
MAKE ME COME!..." wailed Melissa, literally sitting on her brother's
nuzzling face. "JESUS! I WANNA CUM IN YOUR FACE...N YOUR MOUTH!...SUCK
IT UP, DENNY!...UHHHHHHH! UHHH! UHHH! GODDDDDDDDD! YESSSSSSSSSSS! EAT
MEEEEEEEEEE!!"

She whipped her cute little ass about, her tits jiggling. Dennis' lips
were wrapped around his sister's tiny, pulsating clit, and his tongue
flicked the hard little bud until Melissa thought she would faint from
sheer pleasure.

With a shout of ecstasy, Melissa climaxed, her cunt contracting wildly
about her brother's stiff tongue, the spasms sucking on it. Dennis
gripped his sister's humping ass tightly, burying his face as deep as he
could into her wide-spread snatch. The little teenager's whole body
quivered violently as she came, just knowing it was her own sweet
brother's mouth sucking her cunt to orgasm made it so wickedly
exciting.  She squealed with pleasure, grinding her pussy almost
brutally onto Dennis' face as hoarse obcenities spilled freely from her
pretty young lips.

"GOD, SUCK ME DENNIS! SUCK MY HOT FUCKIN' CUNT, BABY! OOOH, SHIT,
CHRIST, I'M CUMMING! JESUS!...FUCK, AM I EVER CUMMMMING!...AHHHHH! SUCK
IT! OH, DENNY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH! YESSSS! OHHHHHHH, YESSSSSSSS!
AHHHHHHGGHH!"

Dennis grasped her bucking hips tightly, holding his baby sister's cunt
against his open lips as she filled his mouth with hot, sweet girly-cum.
Dennis sucked it all up, grunting and swallowing like mad until Melissa
ceased her wild pelvic thrusts, and the last of her juices dribbled into
his hungry mouth.  She moaned in blissful afterglow as Dennis gently
licked and sucked her pink, slimy cuntflesh until her swollen little
slit was squeeky clean.

"Ooooh, God, Dennis, that was fuckin' wonderful!", she gasped, trying to
catch her breath. "I've never had my cunt sucked like that before!"

"That good, huh?", panted her brother, licking his glistening, wet lips.

"God, yes! I thought you were gonna suck my head right out through my
cunt!"

"Mmmmm, maybe next time, kid!  Right now I need a little sucking
myself!"

"Oh, yeah!", giggled Melissa, looking down at Dennis' raging erection,
twitching urgently between her little fingers.

All through her wild orgasm, Melissa had been tugging hard on her
brother's cock.  Now, she returned her tiny mouth to the shiny, purple
shaft and sucked ravenously. In no time at all, Dennis felt the jism
rising rapidly in his swollen balls. He reached a hand up to her
wide-stretched cunt and shoved a couple of fingers inside.

"That's it, baby! God, what a tight little mouth you've got! It feels
just like a hot, wet cunt! Suck it, Mel! Suck your brother's big, hairy
prick, you cock-hungry little slut!", grunted Dennis, excited at talking
to his little fourteen-year-old sister like a common whore. But, by the
way she moaned and humped her cunt down at his drilling fingers, Dennis
knew that she loved it when he talked dirty to her. It turned them both
on! "Wanna hear what your big brother's gonna do to you, Sis?...Huh?"
Melissa dared not remove her mouth from his cock, so she simply moaned
and nodded her head.

"Well, little girl, after you suck me off, I'm gonna fuck your hot-pants
little teeny-bopper cunt, 'til you scream for more...and maybe then, if
you're real lucky, Sis, I'll screw you where you shit, too!"

Melissa sucked hard on her brother's thick cock and began to moan,
squirming uncontrollably as she listened to him describe her innermost
fantasy. She couldn't wait to do all those things with him...and more! 
His long, stiff cock sliding in and out of her mouth, combined with his
deeply probing fingers, began to rekindle the fires of lust deep within
her twitching cunt.

"You'd like that, wouldn't you baby?", continued Dennis. "You'd like
your brother to fuck your little asshole, wouldn't you?" Melissa could
only nod her pretty young head in total agreement.

"I bet it's fuckin' tight in there too!", he growled, sliding a wet,
sticky finger up into her tiny anus. It disappeared up to the second
knuckle in the girl's hot, buttery hole. "Mmmmm, tight alright!...and
fuckin' hot!!"

His sister groaned loudly around the boy's cock as his finger began to
rotate around inside her tight young rectum. "Mmmmmmmffff! 
Ummmmmmmmmm!"

"You like that, don't you, Sis?", asked Dennis with a wicked grin. "How
would you like to be fucked in both holes at the same time?"

Melissa felt her brother's thumb enter her dripping cunt as another of
his fingers slid past the tight, little rosebud ring of her anus. She
wanted to scream out. But not with pain...with pleasure...the hitherto
undiscovered pleasure of anal penetration.

"I can tell you like it, Sis, by the way your little ass is bouncing
around on my fuckin' hand. God, you're a hot little cunt when you get
worked up, Mel!"

Melissa was indeed hot! Her little cunt and ass felt like they were on
fire! And it was obvious to Dennis that his sister couldn't get his
fingers and thumb deep enough into her two little holes.

"How would you like to feel two cocks in there, Sis?", asked Dennis, not
even waiting for a reply before continuing. "One fucking your hot, juicy
cunt and the other stuffed up your sweet little butthole."

Melissa almost bit her brother's prick with excitement as she listened
to him describe the lurid sex act in graphic detail. Dennis gave out a
loud groan at the mixture of pleasure and pain caused by her sharp
little teeth scraping sensuously over his cockshaft.

Melissa's wet lips on her brother's cock were rapidly having the desired
effect, and soon Dennis was humping his hips up at her hot little mouth
like mad, fucking the young girl's face as hard as he dared. She was so
tiny and fragile, and he didn't want to hurt her. But, as Dennis pushed
more and more of his huge prick into his sister's tight, velvety throat,
Melissa seemed able to take every inch her well-hung young brother could
give her. Soon, to his utter surprise and pleasure, his sister's
tightly-stretched lips were pressing hard against his wiry pubic hair
with every lunge, her little mouth filled with cock and sucking like
crazy.

"Jesus, Mel! What a mouth! Christ, for a little kid you can sure suck
cock! No more jerking off in the bathroom for me, babe! When I get the
urge, and we ain't got time to fuck, you can come into my room and give
me some head!"

Melissa redoubled her efforts, trying to make her brother come, this
time before she did, because his fingers and thumb were sending familiar
sparks flashing throughout her groin area. Wild scenes flashed through
her brain as she imagined sucking her brother off while their parents
were still in the house. The danger of being caught would make it all so
much more exciting she mused. And the more she thought about being
discovered by her mother or father, with her mouth around her brother's
cock, the more it turned her on!

"Oh, God! It's too much! I'm gonna come, Sis!", screamed Dennis, as he
felt a mighty orgasm peak suddenly in his loins. "Suck it out of me,
Mel!...Suck the cum out of my prick with your hot little mouth, you
horny cunt!....Oh Christ, are you ever gonna get a mouthful! ARGHHHHHH! 
HERE IT COMES! TAKE IT YOU GORGEOUS LITTLE BITCH!"

Melissa grabbed her brother's big, hairy balls and squeezed hard as she
felt the first hot squirts of his incestuous load hit the back of her
throat. She gurgled and moaned around the hard, twitching shaft as it
lurched powerfully in her young mouth, gulping down the boy's thick,
creamy ejaculation as fast her little mouth could swallow.  She was like
a wild animal, her head bobbing up and down as she heard the hoarse
sounds of release that were coming from her brother's throat.

"OOOOOOOHHHHHH! FUCK! JESUS, DON'T STOP SUCKING LITTLE SISTER!", he
screamed. "AHRRHHHHHHGGHHH! YESSSSSSSSS!  SUCK IT HARD, BABY!"

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!", purred Melissa around his cock, deliciously
turned on by having her big brother pop his nuts in her mouth for the
second time that night.

Her firm little tits were jiggling wildly, the erect nipples grazing
firey trails over the heated flesh of Dennis' belly as she bounced
faster and faster, her brother's hand still working feverishly in the
little girl's crotch as it slithered madly around above his contorted
young face. Melissa came just as the last of her loving brother's seed
left the end of his throbbing prick. Her entire body rippled with
ecstasy as she fucked back against his hand, coming down harder and
harder on her brother's plunging fingers and thumb. Now it was Melissa's
turn to scream as Dennis brought her off with his hand, his fingers
sawing deliciously against her clitty as they plunged in and out of her
lust-swollen little cunt.

Dennis felt his sister's climaxing twat jerk and contract around his
deeply buried fingers. Her hot young anus grabbed his thumb in a tight,
powerful grip as the girl raised and lowered her hairless little crotch
on her brother's stiffly stabbing digits.

"OOOOOOOOOOH, GODDDDDDDD! DENNNNNNNNIS!", she screamed, taking her mouth
from his deflating cock. "I'M CUMMMMMING! OHHH, YEAHHH, SHOVE THOSE
FINGERS UP THERE! MAKE ME CUM GOOD!  JESUS, YOU SWEET, SWEET BASTARD! 
UNNNGGHHHHH!"

Dennis' long slender fingers were driving the beautiful little
fourteen-year-old wild, and soon the boy felt a hot, slippery wetness
cover his hand as his sister came, her quivering pussy gushing a torrent
of come into his palm.

He wrenched his hand from her twin fuckholes and pulled the little
girl's still-twitching cunt against his lips, sucking and licking and
tonguing her drooling little gash until Melissa almost fainted from
sheer pleasure. Within seconds, the carnal siblings were slumped against
each other in a tangled, panting heap. Melissa was sprawled heavily on
top of her brother with her cum-smeared mouth nuzzling his limp cock. 
Dennis lay gasping for breath beneath her, occasionally stretching out
his tongue to lick lazily at the last glistening droplets which dribbled
obscenely from her gaping little cuntslit.

The two exhausted youngsters lay like that for some time until they
finally regained their strength a little. Melissa was the first to move.
She climbed off her brother and turned around, cuddling up beside him.

"Ohhhh, Dennis! I love you!", she whispered.

"I love you too, Sis!", smiled Dennis, hugging his little sister to him.

Melissa ran her tiny fingers over her brother's naked body, stroking him
lovingly. It wasn't long before her fingers curled around his soft cock.

"Awww, Denny! It's gone soft already!", teased his sister. "I though you
wanted to fuck me...How can you fuck with a little sausage like that?"

Dennis dragged his fingers through her slippery cuntslit and smiled at
her.

"Just keep talking that way and squeezing it, baby...and before you know
it that 'little sausage' will be nailing your precious little ass to the
goddamn bed."


"Oooooooh! Promises...promises, big brother!", giggled Melissa,
sensuously rubbing her warm, slender body against him. Dennis saw the
look of desire on her young face as she jacked him off with her tight
little fist.

The boy's cock grew rapidly under her fingers, as he thought of all the
wonderfully dirty things he was going to do to his sexy little
fourteen-year-old sister. Dennis couldn't wait to get his cock into her
tight, hot cunt and even tighter, hotter asshole. Soon Dennis' young
prick stood proudly up from his belly, as hard as an iron bar... 
throbbing madly.

"Not so little any more is it, Sis?", asked Dennis pushing the naked
youngster over onto her back. "Time to fuck, little girl!"

Melissa's legs flew wide open as her brother knelt between them, his
long, hard dick in his hand. He looked down at her luscious little
cuntslit. It looked so tiny compared to the thickness of his man-sized
cock and Dennis suddenly had second thoughts about what he was about to
do.

"You sure you want me to fuck you, Mel?", he asked with surprising
tenderness.

Melissa's glazed eyes were fixed on her brother's formidable erection,
the tip of which was pointed directly at her gaping cunt. She was beside
herself with desire. All she wanted right now was him to bury that
gorgeous thing as deeply into her hot, wet little cunt as possible, and
fuck the living daylights out of her!

"Oooohhh God, yes!", she cried. "I want your dick in my cunt, Denny!  I
want it so bad! Give me every fuckin' inch! Jesus, I can't wait! Come on
stick it into my little pussy and fuck me to pieces. Fill me up with
cock, Denny!"

"Okay, you sexy little cunt!", grunted Dennis, grabbing his hot-assed
sister by the hips. "Your big brother's gonna fuck you like you've never
been fucked before, girl! Yeah...you're gonna feel this fuckin' thing
all the way up to your fuckin' throat, sweetheart!"

With a mighty heave, Dennis lifted the girl's hips up clear off the bed
and stuffed a pillow under her perfect little ass. Melissa lay back and
spread her creamy thighs wide. Using the fingers of both hands, she
pulled apart the juicy, pink lips of her narrow slit, wantonly offering
her open twat to her sixteen-year-old brother. Dennis gasped with
delight at the shameless sight and lunged forwards. He fell over her,
and held himself poised above her naked body with one arm, the other
gripped his cock as he guided his huge hard-on into place against his
sister's hot, gaping sex.

Melissa mewled softly as she felt the head of her brother's big prick
press into the wet heat of her cuntslit. All she could think about was
the anticipation of his cock. She was dying to have his cock shoved
inside her. Melissa's hands went to her brother's naked ass, gripping
his strong, flexing buttocks with urgent need. With guttural moans, she
urged him on.

"Oh, Christ!  Put it in, Dennis!...Ram it up my cunt and fuck me!...Oh,
please fuck me! Ooooh, I'm so fuckin' hot. I can't wait!...Do it
nowwww!"

And Dennis did! Stimulated by the little girl's moans and cries of need,
he lunged forwards and with one smooth, powerful stroke, rammed the
entire length of his hard, young cock between the girl's sweetly parted
cuntlips.

"You're gonna like this, Mel!", boasted Dennis. I'm gonna give it to you
all the way, You're gonna love being fucked by your big brother so much,
you're not ever gonna want another cock in your whole damn life! I'm
gonna stretch your tight little pussy all the fuckin' way, baby!"

"Ohhh, Denny!  It's so big!", whimpered his sister, grinding her
hairless little mound up at the base of his cock. "Mmmmm! I can feel
your hot balls on my ass. God, I'm fucking my own brother!...Wild!... 
Ooooh, your prick is so big and so deep inside my poor little pussy!... 
Ouuuh, move it in me Denny! Fuck me and come in me! I wanna feel your
stuff squirt in my cunt!"

Melissa groaned aloud as her brother moved his cock slowly in and out of
her velvety young pussy, the huge shaft stretching and filling her tiny,
pink fuckhole to the very limit. Dennis couldn't believe how tight her
little wet cunt was. He had fucked girls his own age before, before but
never one as young and as tight as his gorgeous little sister.

Dennis held her tightly and began to fuck her in earnest, almost
crushing her tiny frame in his muscular arms as he pounded his prick
into her willing little snatch. Melissa whimpered and panted beneath him
as she bucked her cunt up to meet his powerful downward lunges, fucking
the boy right back with everything she had. Her brother's hold on her
was so tight and her excitement so intense, Melissa could hardly
breathe, but her little twat was filled with cock and that was was all
that mattered to her pleasure-muddled brain right now.

Dennis plunged his throbbing prick diligently in and out of his sister's
tiny, clasping cunt, the grunting sounds she was making driving him
crazy. Her hands clutched the straining cheeks of his ass, trying to
force his lengthy prick deeper into her hungry little snatch.  Melissa
didn't realize it then, but she was rapidly becoming hooked on sex,
especially the incestuous kind, and wanted every last, solid inch of
cock her big, handsome brother could give her.

"Fuck me, you big stud! Ohhhhhhh! Fuck me hard!...God, I can't get
enough of your cock!!! Ohhhhh! Ahhhhhh! God, I love to fuck!...don't
you, Denny?"

"You better believe it, baby....Uhhh! Uhhhhhh!", panted Dennis.
"...fucking is my favourite pastime...Uhhhh!  God, I love tight, little
pussies!"

"Mmmmmmmm, and I love long, hard cocks, so it looks like we were made
for each other, big brother!"

"Yeah!  If only I'd known earlier. Just think of all the prime cock
you've been missing out on, Sis!" Melissa hunched her hips up at his
imbedded cock.

"Well, dear brother...", she smiled. "Let's make up for lost time...
fucking time that is!"

Grinning lewdly, Dennis gave her a couple of quick jabs before setting
down into a slow, satisfying rhythm...fucking his sexy little sister
with long, deep, penetrating strokes. Oh God, he's good, Melissa
thought. What a lusty fucker he was! And what a lucky girl she was to
have a horny stud like Dennis for a brother. He fucked like a dream! 
Just what the doctor ordered. She wondered how many other girls at
school had fucked their own brothers! God, if they only knew what a
fuckin' turn-on it was, they'd be dropping their pants and into it as
soon as they got home from school. At least that's what I'm gonna be
doing from now on, she thought with a smile.

With burning desire, Dennis ground his cock into his sister's hot, juicy
cuntal-sheath, moaning with pleasure as her tight little hole massaged
his cock, holding him deep inside her young cunt with a strong,
vice-like grip. His hands went under her asscheeks, spreading them wide,
making her trembling little thighs part more widely than she thought was
physically possible. Then, as her ass squirmed wildly, Dennis began to
fuck his sister even harder...in and out, in and out, back and forth,
faster, faster, in and out, ramming his cock deep into her clutching,
quaking pussy. Her cunt sucked at him, drawing him in deep...
deeper...and when it slammed into the bottom of her little cunt, she
still begged for more, pleading with him to give her more.

They rocked and writhed, locked together like rutting animals, fucking
each other as only a brother and sister can, once the unnatural taboo of
incest has finally been broken and sibling love turns to firey,
all-consuming lust. Melissa sensed an orgasm approaching rapidly as
Dennis continued to pound her upthrust pussy with powerful strokes of
his strong, young cock. It felt even better than when he had sucked her
clit before.  This time her cunt was packed to the hilt with hard, thick
cockmeat and her brother's heavy, sperm-filled balls were smacking hard
against the crease of her little ass.

The wonderful sensation that had overcome her so quickly when he had
licked and sucked her tingling clit was upon her once more. It swept her
breath away and her reason with it. Her conscious mind was dragged into
the whirlpool of her orgasm as it burst upon her young body like a
runaway freight train. Dennis felt her whole body stiffen and shudder
under him as Melissa's cunt-muscles squeezed the life out of his deeply
imbedded prick. Although amazed at how easily she seemed to climax,
Dennis was pleased as well. It meant that his lusty little sister would
have multiple orgasms before his own climax was even close...it gave him
an exciting feeling of power.

"That's it Mel! Come for your big brother, baby!...Come!...Come!...
Come!...", grunted Dennis, accentuating each word with a stab of his
prick into her little cunt. His fingers dug deep into his sister's
asscheeks, leaving livid, red marks in their wake, but Melissa was past
feeling pain, she was utterly lost in the throes of a wonderfully
intense climax. Melissa squealed loudly and thrust her little twat
eagerly up at her brother's pounding cock, mouthing obcenities as she
came. The friction of his thick shaft slicing in and out of her small
hole sent waves of ecstatic tremors hurtling through her tense young
body.

"AHHHHHH!  OOOOOOH, GOD! FUCK! FUUUUUUUUUCK! I'M CUMMMMMMING! OHHHH,
DENNIS, FUCK ME HARD...FUCK ME AS HARD AS YOU CAN!...
UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

"Oooooh, yes, baby, I can feel it!", gasped Dennis, nailing her
thrashing little ass to the bed with each stroke. "Come on my cock,
Mel!  COME !!!!"

He fucked in and out frantically, the tightly stretched ring of his
young sister's cuntlips clutched at his cock in wild spasms, it felt
like a hot, oiled fist was pumping savagely up and down the whole length
of his prick. Even after Melissa's spasms ceased, and her little cunt
began to relax a bit, Dennis kept fucking her...slow and easy. Since he
hadn't come yet, his virile young cock still as big and as hard as
ever...a fact that his sexy little sister soon noticed.

"Ooooooooooooh, big brother, you're still nice and hard!", said Melissa
with more than a little delight in her husky voice. "Mmmmmmm! And by the
feel of that, I bet it's not gonna go down in a hurry...am I right?"

"Don't worry, little sister....", said Dennis, doing a reasonable good
impersonation of John Wayne. "...the way I feel right now, I could ride
your sweet little ass all damn night!...Mmmmm, speaking of riding just
gave me good an idea. How would you like to ride my pony for a while,
little lady?"

"Oh, I don't know, mister...", smiled Melissa. "...does it buck a lot?"
"Yep!...sure does, mam! Best little bucker in the whole goddamn state"

"Oooooooh!  In that case, let me on it, quick!"

Melissa pushed her brother onto the bed beside her and wasted no time in
straddling his hips. His throbbing cock stood up hard and erect, like a
thick, red flagpole jutting from the tangle of dark pubic hair between
his strong, muscular thighs. Dennis reached up and squeezed his sister's
firm young titties as she carefully positioned her juicy, gaping slit
directly above his prick. Trembling with an uncontrollable lust, Melissa
wrapped her tiny fingers around her brother's blood-engorged cock and
pulled the long, thick shaft up between her wide-open thighs, at the
same time lowering her shapely young hips until the tip of his cock came
into sizzling contact with the slippery hotness of her juice-filled
little slit.

Dennis groaned as he felt his sister's tight pussylips surround the head
of his prick, and watched in awe as the little girl shamelessly began to
rub the large, purple knob up and down between the slippery, pink lips
of her sweet young slit.

"Oh, Shit, Denny!", whimpered Melissa, as she writhed above him,
allowing just tip of the boy's cock to enter her narrow slit.  "God,
that feels nice!"

With her eyes closed and her head flung back, Melissa used her older
brother's erect cock like a living dildoe, dragging his fat, swollen
cockhead through her little cuntslit from top to bottom, exciting her
already excited young twat to the very peak of sexual arousal. Her
beautiful young body was jerking with naked desire as she felt her
brother's hands grasp her slender hips and try to pull her cunt further
onto his eager cock.

Dennis was tired of being teased by his little sister, he wanted to
fuck! He couldn't wait to thrust his twitching cock up between her slim
thighs and ram it once more into the deliciously wet heat of the
youngster's ultra-tight little twat.

"Come on, Sis!  Sit on it!", urged Dennis, pulling down on her hips. 
"Sit down on my prick, baby, and I'll give you the ride of your fuckin'
life!"

Melissa looked down at him through sex-glazed eyes. He looked so
handsome and appealing. Her big, wonderful brother had given her so much
pleasure already...how could she refuse him? She felt obligated to give
him anything he desired, and right now, what the boy desired was quite
obvious!

Melissa hunched forwards, lowering her cunt over his prick. Dennis
moaned deep in his throat as his little sister's cunt opened like a
succulent, pink flower around the bulging head of his cock. The boy
watched in awe as her tiny cuntlips parted to admit his massive organ,
lifting his hips eagerly as the thick shaft disappeared inch by inch
into her slowly descending slit. Dennis pulled his sister forward and
kissed her deeply, the hot, slippery feeling of her tight, little twat
sliding down the length of his cock, and her hard tits rubbing against
his chest was driving him wild. Her cunt was still incredibly tight, but
well-lubricated with her copious spendings.

"Ohhhh, Denny, your cock's so fucking big and hard," Melissa whispered
as she continued lowering her juicy snatch. "God, it feels like a
goddamn baseball bat goin' up my cunt! Mmmmmmmmmmmmm, but it feels soooo
gooooood!"

"Well baby, if it's any consolation, your tight little twat feels mighty
good around my cock too!"

"I'm not finished yet, big brother.", grinned Melissa.

She began to squirm shamelessly around on his boner, trying to get more
and more of his big, beautiful cock into her insatiable little
fuck-hole. Soon, the entire length of her brother's hard meat was deeply
embedded in her deliciously stretched little cunt. It was so deep inside
her that Melissa could feel his big purple knob throbbing way up inside
her heaving belly.

"Ok, brother dear...", she smiled, once she'd caught her breath. "... 
now let's really fuck!"

With her knees folded on either side of his hips, Melissa began to move
up and down over her brother's cock, pressing her rock hard little
nipples into his mouth.

"Oooooh, Jesus, Denny! I love fucking you!", whimpered Melissa, grinding
her cunt down onto her brother's lurching cock. "I love that big, hard
prick!"

The lewd sounds of her slippery juices squishing out around his plunging
cock seemed to further excite the girl. With her head thrown back and
her half-closed eyes burning with passion, Melissa long brown hair was
cascading down her naked back.

"Ummmmmm! What a cunt! What a tight, juicy little cunt you've got, Mel!"

"Oh, yes! Yesss...and your big, hard cock is fucking it so wonderfully!"

Grasping his sister's naked buttocks in his palms, Dennis started
bouncing the little girl up and down on his lurching tool. He looked
down between their sweaty bodies and watched excitedly as his cock slid
in and out of her lust-swollen sex. Dennis gasped as he watched
Melissa's hot pussylips sucking and clinging wetly to his glistening
shaft. He bucked upwards, plunging his thick hard-on deeply into his
sister's receptive little fuckhole with ever increasing speed.

"Oh, Fuck!  You sweet little cunt!", grunted Dennis as Melissa began to
bounce wildly up and down on his impaling prick. "Uhhhhh, that's the way
to screw!"

Their two naked bodies lurched crazily on the rocking waterbed, aware of
nothing but their depraved, incestuous lust for each other. Dennis
clutched at his sister's jiggling little buttocks, squeezing and
massaging the firm globes of flesh with wild abandon as he rammed his
cock up into her tiny, clasping cunt with pile-driver force. Melissa
suddenly felt her brother's middle finger lightly probing the tight,
puckered ring of her little asshole.

"Uuuuhhhh, yes! Do it, Denny!" she squealed with excitement. "Stick your
finger up my ass again!"

Dennis obeyed instantly, and Melissa shrieked with both pain and ecstasy
as her brother's thick finger suddenly drilled all the way up to the
palm of his hand in her tight, buttery shitter. The erotic joy of his
finger swirling around in her quivering bunghole while his prick fucked
her little cunt, was driving the horny youngster wild.

"Eeeeeeghhhhhh! Oh, god! Fuck me, Denny! Fuck me in both holes at once!"
Melissa was whimpering as she rotated her tingly ass around and around
on her brother's indecently embedded finger. "Fuck my cunt and my
asshole!"

"I am fucking you, Sis!", grunted Dennis, jabbing his prick up into her
cunt as hard as he could. "Jesus, girl, if I fuck you any harder, my
dick's gonna be pokin' out of your goddamn mouth!"

"Mmmmmm, God!  it feels like it would too, you big beautiful bastard!"

With his finger rammed all the way up her little butt, Dennis watched
his cock disappearing in and out of his sister's tight, juicy quim. 
Each time the thick shaft came out, Melissa's little pink cuntlips
pulled out around it, and clasped his retreating cock like a hungry,
sucking mouth, only to be rammed violently back in again as his
pistoning organ re-entered her hot, quivering little fuckhole.

Dennis had his gaze fixed on their joined genitals, and he stared with
mounting lust as Melissa's hot, sticky cunt-juices dribbled down his
glistening prick and covered his swelling balls. Dennis had never seen
such a thrilling sight as his baby sister's soft, plump little cunt
sliding lewdly up and down over his erect cock...nor had he felt
anything so tight or so hot clamped around his young pecker before... 
never in his wildest dreams. It was heaven...pure fuckin' heaven!

He watched the fourteen-year-old's little tits bounce as his horny
little sister impaled herself repeatedly on his upthrust prick. She
bobbed up and down on him like a sex-crazed robot, her eyes closed
tight, her hands on his shoulders for support. All the time, her frothy
little pussy was bumping and grinding on her brother's thrusting cock,
her young cunt-muscles gripping his prick like a vice. The room echoed
with the sounds of flesh against flesh as brother and sister continued
their energetic fuck.

For a kid, she sure was one hot-assed little fucker, Dennis thought with
a wry smile, and judging by the way she had acted tonight, and the way
she was throwing her cock-hungry little twat at him, he suspected that
young Robbie Ward wasn't the only lucky bastard to get into her pants
recently either.

Dennis didn't really care who it was who had turned his prissy little
fourteen-year-old sister into a cock-crazed nymphomaniac. All that
mattered was that it had happened, and Dennis planned to make the most
of it for as long as he could. Melissa was squirming and whimpering like
a little wounded animal. Her big brother's frantically thrusting prick
was really hitting the spot....her tiny swollen clitty to be precise. 
The base of his cock squashed and rubbed the sensitive little bud in
just the right way, and within seconds, the hotly aroused youngster was
once more in the throes of a thundering orgasm.

"Oh, God! God! Fuck me, Denny! I'm coming again!", she cried, covering
her brother's parted lips with her hot, open mouth.

Dennis' burning cock and plunging finger had set the little girl's
crotch on fire and now, her adolescent ecstasy reached an intensity she
had never experienced before. Deep down she knew why. The cock
stretching her little cunt wasn't just any old cock, it was her big
brother's...and that was the exciting difference. She wished she had
another brother, so she could get him to fuck her too.  Maybe at the
same time....one cock fucking her insatiable cunt while the other fucked
her hot little ass. Melissa's brain filled with wanton, incestuous
images as she came, again and again and again.

"ARGHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHHH, FUCK! JESUS, YESSSSS, DENNNNY! YESSSSS!"

Hot juices gushed out of the Melissa's spasming cunt, bathing her
brother's throbbing, lurching prick with a torrent of clear, fragrant
girly-cum. Dennis had been trying desperately to hold back his own
climax, but as soon as he felt the contractions of Melissa's quivering
young cunt squeezing and nibbling at his cock, the boy knew he couldn't
hold out any longer. Just the thought of filling his baby sister's cute
little twat with cum was enough to blow his mind...it was all Dennis
needed to push him over the edge.

"Uhhhhhhhhhh!  Shit!", he grunted, jamming his twitching cock deep up
inside her little-girl cunt. "Here it comes, Mel!...I'm cumming!...Take
it, baby!... Take it all!"

"Oh, Christ!...Jesus, Denny!", sobbed Melissa as she felt her brother's
cock jerk and swell within her pulsating cunt. It suddenly felt twice
the size it had before, and she was certain it was going to split her
pussy in two.

The unbelievable pressure of his big rod was almost more than the girl
could stand, but when she felt the first spurt of her brother's hot,
thick jizz gushing into her little fuck-hole, Melissa exploded into
another wild convulsing orgasm.

"OHHH, DENNY! YESSS, COME IN ME! SHOOT YOUR HOT STUFF UP MY CUNT,
BABY!", she squealed, as her brother's mighty ejaculation jetted from
the end of his deeply buried cock. "UHHHHH, JEEEESUS!! I'M COMING! I'M
COMMMMIIIINNNNGGGG TOOOOOOOO!"

Screaming hysterically, Melissa's little body bucked like crazy as she
ground her hot, clasping twat around the base of his furiously spurting
dick. She fell forward and pressed her mouth hotly over his, kissing her
brother passionately while his big, throbbing cock pumped her young cunt
full of his thick, creamy, incestuous sperm.

"Oh, Denny!", she whispered as he held her in his arms a few moments
later. "That was the best ever!"

"It sure was, Sis!", he grinned, slipping a finger into her juicy little
slit. She held onto his cock like she was afraid it was going to escape,
stroking the sticky, semi-hard shaft lovingly.

"How long before you can get this thing up again, big brother?" said
Melissa, feeling the boy's limp cock begin to stir again under the
urgent manipulations of her tiny fingers.

"In a hurry to get fucked again, Mel?", asked Dennis, smiling broadly.

"You bet!"  replied Melissa, hunching her reawakening cuntmound onto his
deeply drilling finger. "You said we could fuck all night, didn't you?"

"I sure did, little sister!", he replied, pushing her head down to his
crotch. "but if you want some more, you're gonna have to work for it,
ok?"

His sister knew exactly what was expected of her, and without another
word, the horny young girl opened her hot, wet little mouth and
swallowed his half-hard cock whole, sucking and chewing like crazy.

"That's it, little sister!  Suck my cock real good!", moaned Dennis,
rubbing his fingers into the girl's juice-filled slit. "Get it nice and
hard for me, baby!...'Cause once you do, honey, I'm gonna roll you over
and screw your hot little teeny-bopper asshole till you fuckin' faint!"

Melissa sucked greedily. Her little crinkled anus was the only hole in
her excited young body that had not yet felt the pleasure of her
brother's big cock, and she quivered with lust at the very thought.... 
she couldn't wait!

Once Dennis' prick was sufficiently hard, he tossed his little sister
onto her stomach and lifted her ass up off the bed, spreading her legs
wide apart. Her little pink anus was fully exposed, and Dennis wasted no
time in fitting the tip of his cock to the tiny, puckered opening.

"Oooh, do it, baby!...Put it in and fuck me hard!", squealed Melissa
with a smouldering look over her shoulder. "I wanna feel your cock in my
ass now!" Dennis hunched forward, pulling his sister's hips backwards at
the same time, and to his surprise, his cock slid into her buttery
little rectum with unbelievable ease.

"Arhhhhhhh! Oh, God yessssssss, Dennny! Mmmmmmm, baby, it feels so
fuckin' good!", gasped Melissa raising her butt up in the air. "Now,
fuck me hard, big brother....I can take it!"

By the way she was moaning and wiggling her ass around on his deeply
embedded cock, Dennis was certain she could take it alright. Instantly,
he began to fuck his cock in and out of her, savouring the delicious
feeling of his sister's hot, clasping asshole gripping his plunging
prick.

"Ohhhhhh, Sis!", he groaned. "Jesus, that's fuckin' tight, baby!"

"Uhhhhhhh!  Tightest little ass in the street, big brother!"

"I believe you, Mel!", said Dennis, increasing the speed of his cock
stabs.

"Mmmmmm, Denny! That's nice!...Ohhh, play with my cunt at the same
time!"

Reaching down under her belly, the boy slid two fingers into his
sister's pussy, and began finger-fucking her drooling little slit in
time with the deep anal strokes of his big prick.

For what seemed like ages, Dennis fucked his squirming sister hard and
fast, giving it to the horny little kid in both tightly stretched holes
at once, until finally she could no longer stand the intense pleasure
washing over her young body.

"Ahhhhhgggghhhhhhh! I'm gonna come! I'm gonna come!", screamed Melissa,
grinding her frothy little cunt against her brother's slicing fingers.
Becoming extremely excited by his sister's screams and moans of lust,
Dennis rammed his cock into her slurping asshole until his bushy groin
slammed against the cheeks of her ass with each thrust, making her
slender young frame jolt violently.

"Ooooooh, I'm almost there, Denny! Rub my clit! Pinch it, lover!",
gasped Melissa, unashamed about telling her horny brother exactly what
she wanted. Dennis knew his own orgasm wasn't far away either and
increased the speed of his ass-fucking so that he could climax with her.

"Come with me, Sis!", he grunted, stabbing his fingers into her cunt
like crazy. "I'm gonna blow any second!"

Melissa felt fireworks bursting inside her as her brother pumped her
squirming little ass full of boiling cum, and rubbed her clit hard and
fast. She felt her belly filling with his thick, creamy jism, felt it
dripping out of her tightly stretched asshole and running down her
thighs.

She reached between her legs and squeezed her brother's balls as the
last few shots of his cum squirted into her asshole.  Exhausted, the
pair flopped forwards onto the bed and lay panting in each others arms. 
Dennis kissed his sister hotly, and little Melissa eagerly returned his
deep tongue-kiss with a passion that soon had them both panting for
breath. She knew that at sixteen, her brother would be ready to fuck
again in a few minutes and smiled happily to herself when at last she
felt his limp cock begin to stir once more against her naked thigh. 
With seemingly boundless energy, Dennis fucked Melissa half a dozen more
times that first night, enjoying each fuck more than the last, his young
cock rarely going soft.

His little sister was one of the most willing partners the boy had ever
had, and without hesitation, she participated eagerly in every lewd and
depraved sex act Dennis could think of...even showing him a couple!  And
without fail, Melissa threw her considerable sexual energy into their
incestuous coupling with an intensity that excited him beyond belief. 
For hours, brother and sister indulged in an orgy of abandoned fucking
and sucking, stopping only when they heard the sound of a car in the
driveway, at which time they quickly made the bed and hurried off to
their own rooms, pretending to be long asleep by the time their parents
entered the house.

In the morning, Dennis and Melissa were the last to rise. It had been an
exhausting night, and by the time they reached the breakfast table,
their parents were almost finished.

"Come on sleepy heads!", said Helen. "What time did you two get to bed
last night....you both look like death warmed up!"

"Don't worry, Mom," replied Dennis smiling at his sister. "We were both
in bed REAL early...right Sis?"

"Yeah, Mom!", smirked Melissa. "Too much sleep I guess."

"Probably stayed up all night watching movies," grinned Don, looking up
from his morning paper.

Melissa stared at her father, somehow he seemed younger looking this
morning, and very, very handsome. Her cunt tingled as she saw his gaze
drop to her unbuttoned blouse. She wasn't wearing a bra, and she knew
her father could clearly see the firm, budding roundness of her exposed
breasts.

She tried not to look at him, and was pleased when the phone rang and
Don got up to answer it. Even then, Melissa followed his retreating
backside with lustful eyes, taking in the contours of her father's firm,
muscular ass with more than a daughterly interest. "Not bad, Dad!", she
thought feeling the familiar itch developing between her hot young
thighs.

Dennis caught the look and carefully stretched out a foot under the
table until he could reach his sister's crotch. He wiggled his toes
against her cuntmound and was pleasantly surprised to find she wasn't
wearing any panties under her nightdress. Melissa opened her thighs at
her brother's intimate touch, surprised at his boldness but thankful to
feel something hard rubbing against her excited little slit.

His big toe slipped into her cunthole and Melissa had to bite her lip to
stop from squealing with pleasure.  She suddenly wondered what their
parents would do if they could see what was going on under the
tablecloth.  Reaching stealthily under the table, Melissa grabbed her
brother's foot and pulled it into her crotch, grinding her hips in very,
very slowly circles.

She looked at her father hoping he wouldn't notice anything. He was
sitting on the sofa in the living room, talking on the phone, and as she
looked closely Melissa noticed with a gasp of delight that she could see
right up the leg of his short pajamas. The dark, mysterious shape of her
father's cock was clearly visible, and Melissa climaxed suddenly around
her brother's probing foot, shivering with lust as she imagined her
father's obviously massive prick in its place.

Dennis removed his juice-slick toes from his sister's cunt only just in
time, as his mother came back into the room.

"All finished kids?", she asked, reaching for their plates.

"Yeah, Mom!", said Dennis, supressing a smirk. "at least for now
anyway." Helen noticed a strange look pass between her two children, but
before she could say anything, Don came back into the room, his face
grim.

"Bad news I'm afraid, dear!", he said to Helen. "It's your Aunt Hilda...
she's been taken to hospital in Phoenix. They said it was a mild heart
attack, but they say she's stabilized now though."

"Oh God!", said Helen sitting down. "I guess I'd better go and see how
she is I suppose."

"Ok, sweetheart, I'll call the airport and arrange for a reservation."

"No, don't bother dear," said Helen. "It'll save money if I drive down."

"That's quite a drive, Helen! I can't take time off work right now, and
I really don't want you driving that far alone, honey."

"I can go with you Mom...", piped up Dennis. "...and take over driving
when you get tired."

After haggling over the details it was all settled, and early the next
day, Dennis and Helen set off for Phoenix. It would be a two day trip,
there and back, and Dennis was looking forward to spending some time
alone with his mother. He didn't know what it was, but suddenly his mom
had begun to look extremely cute and sexy.

Just out of town they stopped for gas and decided to have a bite to
eat.  As they sat at a table in the diner, Helen noticed her son wasn't
paying
attention to his food like he usually did, and she suspected why. It was
the waitress that had served them. She was young, about eighteen or
nineteen, and she was built. Her skirt was tight and short, clinging to
her firm, round ass and showing off most of her long, smooth legs.

Her blouse was even tighter, and low cut, revealing a deep cleavage
between heavy, braless tits. Her dark nipples could be seen clearly,
pressing against the thin, white material. A tiny apron tied tightly
around her waist gave her a hourglass figure. The girl was cute, and she
knew it. She knew she was turning Dennis on, too...Helen could see that.
"Bitch!", thought Helen, staring rudely at the girl as she bent over
farther than necessary to refill their coffee cups. "She's showing
herself off like a common whore!" She could see her son squirming around
on his chair, even reaching under the table when nobody was looking, to
rearrange himself.

Helen recognized the feeling she had towards the girl as jealousy. She
considered herself still very attractive. She had always been chesty,
but her tits didn't hang...they were firm and upright...and her hips
weren't on the fat side like the young waitress...they were slim and
athletic. Helen was getting more and more irritated by the minute.

"What's the matter, Dennis?", she asked suddenly. "You're acting strange
this morning. Don't you feel well?"

"I'm okay, Mom. Just sleepy I guess. We started awfully early.", he
lied.

"You're right, honey, but we've gotta press on.  I'll drive and you can
take a nap in the back seat. I feel good this morning."

The girl returned. She smiled at Dennis, eyeing the bulge in his pants.

"Is there anything else you'd like?", she asked sweetly, knowing full
well exactly what the boy would like.

"Just the check, thanks!", Helen snapped.

She could see that her sixteen year-old son was obviously turned on by
the girl, but was a little confused as to why her motherly instinct had
turned to jealousy. As Dennis got up, Helen noticed the lump in her
son's pants that had taken the waitress' eye, and wondered for a moment
what his little cock looked like all swollen with blood and desire. It
had been years since she had seen him naked. Realizing what she was
thinking, she blushed with embarrassment, but the image of her son's
hard, erect prick wouldn't leave her brain.

Helen paid the check and followed her son out to the car. Her eyes
followed his hard, young ass. She had always been a butt fancier ever
since she had known what men were for. In fact, that was why she had
originally gone out with her husband, Don. He'd had the nicest,
tightest, ass in high school...and the biggest cock. Helen shuddered. 
Dennis looked a lot like his father, tall, blonde and handsome, with an
athlete's body, and as she stared at his cute young ass heading towards
the car, she couldn't help but wonder if her son was built like his
father in every respect. He was waiting patiently beside the car for her
as she approached.

"You get in the back and sleep, honey; I'll drive. You can drive this
afternoon, after you've had a rest, okay?"

Dennis crawled into the back seat and stretched out on his back, still
thinking about the waitress' big tits, trying to imagine them without
the tight blouse. He was sure they'd be big and round and soft, with
large nipples. In his mind, he sucked the nipple into his mouth and slid
his hand under her short skirt...of course she wasn't wearing any
panties, and his fingers immediately slid into the girl's hot
pussy-slit...it was wet and sticky. His hand slid to the crotch of his
jeans and squeezed his hard prick, masturbating as best he could through
the hard material.

In the front seat, Helen was equally excited.  The thought of her son's
hard cock was enough to set her easily aroused cunt-juices flowing like
mad. She tried to ignore it as a figment of her imagination, but the
more she tried to ignore it, the more it filled her mind.  As she drove,
all she could think about was her son's stiff, blood engorged prick, and
how big it might be. But then a wave of jealousy clouded her brain as
she imagined her son's stiff cock planted deep in the cunt of that
slutty waitress. Helen adjusted the rear-view mirror so that she could
see her son. She couldn't see his face because it was hidden by the
passenger seat, but she could see her son's midsection clearly.

Helen almost gasped aloud when she saw he was playing with himself. His
hand was moving up and down between his drawn up thighs as the young boy
stroked his cock through his pants. It was obvious he was masturbating. 
Helen had never thought of her son jacking-off before, and strangely, it
excited her. He was a male after all...he had a prick, and it would get
hard...and if he pulled on it enough, it would squirt all over the
place, just like her husband's. Helen wondered how big it was, and her
throat suddenly became dry. She felt a wetness in her panties and
dropped a hand between her legs to squeeze her pussy, but it wasn't
enough....it never had been. Helen was one of those women who needed
penetration, preferably deep penetration. A long, hard cock slicing in
and out of her cunt was what she needed.

With her husband's cock almost always available, Helen didn't masturbate
much, only when she felt the need strongly...only when she was unusually
stimulated...and the sight of her own son playing with himself was
stimulating her unusually. It wasn't just that he had a prick...her
son's was a new prick...a forbidden prick, and the young mother fought
against the ugly, incestuous thoughts forming in her mind. She looked
into mirror and noticed that her son was pulling at his cock faster... 
the ugly thoughts came back...stronger than before. Helen needed relief,
and she needed it now. She pushed her short skirt up over her thighs
and, pulling aside the wet crotch of her panties, jammed two stiff
fingers into her yearning, aching cunt. The feeling was so satisfying,
Helen was unable to suppress the low moan of delight which escaped her
lips.

Hearing the sound, Dennis looked up. His mother's skirt was hiked
halfway up her thighs, and her hand was doing something between her
legs. At first he thought she was rearranging her panties, but that
thought soon left his head when he saw the wet, glistening goo on his
mother's stabbing fingers. He peeked around the corner of the passenger
seat but could only see the side of her face. It was then that Dennis
realized that his mother was staring at his crotch in the rear-view
mirror. She couldn't see his face, but she was sure feasting her eyes on
the lump in his pants!  He couldn't believe it at first. His own mother,
for Chrissakes!...fingering herself like a horny schoolgirl as she
watched him jerk off. She must be hot as a pistol to do that while her
own son was in the car, he thought.

Suddenly, the importance of what was happening hit him, and a
mischievous smile crossed his handsome young features as young Dennis
considered the exciting possibilities.  He reached down and unzipped his
fly. "She wants to look...I'll give her something to really look at!",
he grinned. His own eyes were glued to the creamy expanse of his
mother's exposed thighs. Helen was watching her son at every chance she
got, taking her eyes of the road as much as she dared, gripping the
wheel with one hand, the other moving in and out between her moist
thighs.  When she saw her son unzip his pants and reach inside, a
shudder of excitement coursed through her body, but when he pulled
his hard young cock out into full view, she nearly ran off the road!

Helen licked her lips unconsciously at the sight of her son's
magnificent erection. It was much larger than she's expected...at least
as big as her husband's.....and that was saying something! She watched
him stroke it loving with the tips of his fingers. Then, as Dennis
fisted his cock and began to jerk up and down on the thick, purple
shaft, Helen found it increasingly difficult to concentrate on her
driving.

Several times cars honked their horns at her as she got too close to the
other lanes. At the moment Helen was so excited she wanted nothing more
than to watch her handsome son jerk his gorgeous young prick to a
cum-spurting climax, but it was too dangerous. Not only because she kept
running off the road, but also because she still hadn't come to terms
with the new feelings she was having towards her own son...unnatural
feelings, that made her hot young cunt itch with uncontrollable desire.

With mixed feelings of regret and relief Helen saw a service station and
turned off the highway. Dennis swore under his breath as he realized
what his mother was doing and stuffed his cock uncomfortably back into
his pants.

"What's wrong?", he asked cautiously.

"Nothing, sweetheart. You go ahead and sleep. I'm just going to get some
gas and go to the toilet...I...er...I forgot to go back at the cafe." 
Helen hoped her voice didn't sound too shaky.

"Okay, Mom."  said Dennis, trying to sound half asleep.

Helen got out of the car and told the attendant to fill it up. She
hurried to the ladies' room, pissed frantically, wiped her pussy with
care, and put her wet panties into her purse.

She glanced into the dirty, streaked mirror above the washbowl, looking
for signs of perverted lust in her face. She saw none and sighed with
relief. When she returned to the car, she was startled to see Dennis
behind the wheel.

"I thought you were napping?", she said, opening the door.

"I couldn't sleep, Mom.  Hop in and let me drive for a while."

Helen was disappointed, very disappointed. Now that she's composed
herself somewhat, she had been secretly hoping to once again watch her
son fondle himself while she masturbated. Her need for a deep,
satisfying orgasm was strong. Reluctantly she got into the passenger's
seat beside him.

"Are you sure you feel like it, Dennis?", she asked.

"I feel fine, Mom," he answered. "Why don't you get some shut-eye
yourself."

Helen pulled the lever and lowered the backrest as far as it would go
and stretched herself out, giving her son a tantalizing glimpse of naked
thigh as she settled herself in the comfortable bucket seat. Dennis'
cock was soft when they pulled out onto the highway again, but it didn't
stay that way for long. He kept giving his mother sideways glances,
eyeing off her prominent tits and firm, creamy thighs.  The vent on
Helen's side was open and every now and then, the wind lifted her skirt,
blowing it up further and further. A quick look told Dennis that his
mother's eyes were closed, so he stared brazenly at her exposed thighs.
He was just about to reach over and lift up the hem a little more when
Helen moaned softly and opened her legs...the wind did the job for him.

Helen's skirt was now so far up her thighs, that Dennis could see her
crotch plainly. He blinked and gasped, then moaned with excitement as he
realized his mother wasn't wearing any panties. His cock leaped to
attention inside his pants, bulging painfully against the rough
material.

"It's awfully warm," mumbled Helen.

Her hand tugged at her blouse, pulling several buttons open. Dennis'
eyes widened at the sight of his mother's cleavage, which was much
deeper than the girl's at the cafe. He could see that her tits were even
bigger than he had imagined...and firm too. His hand dropped to the
bulge in his groin and he started to rub himself again. His cock was
hard as a rock. He could see the lips of his mother's tempting slit
glistening at him through the light blonde thatch of pubic hair between
her carelessly open thighs. Throwing caution to the wind, Dennis once
more unzipped his fly and was soon jacking off like mad, untroubled that
his mother might wake up, or that he might spray come all over
the dashboard.

Helen was already awake. She had been faking since she curled up on the
seat beside him, her passion a mixture of fear and lust...eventually the
lust won. With her heart beating wildly she suddenly sat up and opened
her eyes wide, staring openly at the fully erect cock he clasped in his
fist.

"What on earth are you doing, Dennis?", she cried, trying to sound
shocked.

The startled boy shoved his cock quickly back into his pants and jerked
his hand back to the wheel, his face reddening. When her son didn't
reply, Helen snapped, "Pull the car over to the side!"

Dennis didn't know what to think. His mother was acting strangely. He
slowed the car and coasted to rest behind a large billboard.  Helen
turned to her son, her heart beating wildly.

"What were you doing, Dennis?", she repeated.

"Nothing, Mom, honest!"  stammered Dennis, staring straight ahead.

"Don't lie to me, Dennis.", said his mother. "I saw you. You were
playing with yourself, weren't you?"

"Yes," the boy answered weakly.

"Why, Dennis?", murmured Helen. "Tell Momma why you were playing with
yourself, honey."

Dennis, who was unaccustomed to lying to his mother, blurted out, "I was
looking up your dress, Mom...I couldn't help it, honest!"

"What were you looking at exactly, baby?", breathed Helen unable to keep
her ass still on the seat.

"I was looking at your...um...your..."

"Say it, Dennis!", growled his mother, increasingly turned on by her
young son's fresh innocence. "Tell me exactly what you were looking at!"

"...your cunt, Mom! I was looking at your cunt!", whispered Dennis
hoarsly.

He felt his cock stirring once more as he watched his mother's fingers
unbutton her blouse and let it fall wide open. Helen twisted around in
the seat until she was facing her son and leant back against the door. 
She smiled provocatively and spread her legs, lifting the hem of her
skirt slowly until it was well above her slim waist.

"Is this what you were looking at, sweetheart?", she breathed, opening
her thighs wide apart.

"Ohhh, Mom! Yeahhhhhh!", moaned Dennis, feasting his eyes on his
mother's naked blonde pussy.

Watching his cock bulge grow in his pants, Helen became excited at the
powerful effect she was having on him. It turned her on immensely to
know that she could sexually arouse her own son. Impulsively Helen
reached over and pulled the boy's head down closer.

"Why don't you have a really good look then, honey," she said.

The thrill of exposing herself to the boy was making Helen's itching
cunt juice like mad.  She reached for his open fly and slid her hand
inside, trembling with the exciting prospect of sex with her handsome
young son.

"It's only fair that I look at you while you look at me, right
darling?", smiled Helen, pulling her son's hardening cock out of his
pants.

"Yeah. Sure, Mom. Whatever you want.", mumbled Dennis, staring hungrily
at his mother's glistening cuntslit.

He was still in a state of shock. He couldn't believe his mother was
actually doing this...it must be a dream! He felt her fingers wrap
around his prick and gasped with delight. Nope!...it certainly wasn't a
dream!  That is, unless he'd died and gone to heaven!

Her son's cheek was on her inner thigh, only inches from her
pussymound.  She could feel his hot breath on her slit, which by now was
screaming for some sort of stimulation.

"Touch me, Dennis!" gasped his mother. "Feel me like I'm feeling you,
hon!"

Dennis reached out and ran his fingers through his mother's pubic hair. 
It was velvety soft and surprisingly sparse, hardly covering the thick,
red lips of her mature cunt.  He took so long admiring her dewy pussy,
that Helen soon became impatient with the boy.

"Inside!  Put a finger inside your momma's cunt, sweetheart!", groaned
Helen. He lifted his head and stared into her sparkling blue eyes, a
faint look of uncertainty still on his young face. "Are you sure, Mom?"

Helen squeezed her son's cock and jerked it up and down meaningfully.

"Oh, Jesus yes, baby! I need something in my cunt so bad, it hurts!"

Dennis saw the need and frustration in his mother's pleading face and
grinned knowingly. His mother wanted to fuck badly, and she didn't care
that the object of her carnal desires was her own son...not that Dennis
minded. After all, he had fucked his little sister...why shouldn't he
fuck his mother too? Especially since she seemed so damned desperate for
it! "She'll get something up her cunt alright..." he thought, "...and
not just my finger either!"

Dennis ran his fingers along the slit of his mother's pussy, parting the
matted pubic hair. Her wet, slippery cuntlips flowered open almost of
their own accord, and a tingle went through her as she felt his
fingertips enter her. She was already moist and oily, her twat oozing
cream, just for him.

"Yes! Oh, Christ, yessss!", hissed Helen, as her son slid a finger deep
up inside her boiling cunthole. She was so turned on, she grabbed his
hand and began fucking herself with his finger, her other hand pumping
up and down on his hard cock like crazy.

"Ummmmmm!  Oh, Mom!  Yeah!  I like that!", moaned Dennis, wiggling his
finger around and around deep inside her. "Squeeze my fuckin'
cock!...Jerk it off hard, Mom!  Uhhhhhh, baby!"

More and more juice poured from deep within her cunt. It covered his
fingers and formed a small pool in his hand. Helen spread her thighs as
wide as she could in the cramped space, and gazed down at her son
through lust-glazed eyes. Dennis reached up with his other hand and
opened his mother's blouse. With difficulty, he undid the clip holding
her bra in place and watched hungrily as her large, creamy breasts
sprang free.

"Ohhh, you naughty boy, Dennis!", giggled Helen, wiggling her tits
wantonly in her son's face. "Looks like there are two tit men in the
family, huh?"

Her giggle turned to a moan of pleasure as the boy plunged his face
between her tits and began to nuzzle the firm mounds like a playful
terrier, sucking and nibbling on them until Helen thought she would
faint from sheer delight.

"Mmmmm, it feels so good to be doing all this dirty stuff with your
mother, doesn't it baby?", smiled Helen, looking lovingly down at the
top of her son's shaggy head. He just mumbled something into her tits
and slipped a second finger into her gooey cunt.

"I can tell you like it, hon...Maybe we should have started doing this
long ago." Dennis pulled his mouth off left her nipple.

"When, Mom?"

"As soon as you were old enough to get hard-on, baby.", replied his
mother, kissing him wetly on the lips. "With a cock like yours, it's a
crime to waste it just because you were a little boy!"

"It's a crime what we're doing now, Mom.", grinned Dennis.

His mother gave his cock an extra squeeze and increased the tempo of her
jerking fist.

"You don't seem to be complaining any, son," smiled Helen wickedly.

Dennis stared at her, still scarcely believing this was happening to
him. It still seemed like some wild wet-dream he was having.  He half
expected to wake up any second, but whatever it was, he hoped it would
go on forever. His mother was practically lying across the car seat. 
Her blouse was wide open, and the cups of her bra flopped uselessly on
either side of her chest. Her large tits, still wet from all his
sucking, lolled apart like lush, creamy melons, her hard, erect nipples
jutting towards the roof. Her golden brown belly hollowed as she
squirmed about on the seat, two of his fingers still buried deeply in
her luscious, blonde twat.

Dennis loved the way his mother's legs were spread wide for him, her
knees were bent and pulled way back, giving him complete and
unobstructed access to her juicy passion pit.

"You're so hot, Mom!", gasped Dennis, hunching his hips roughly into his
mother's fist. "Your cunt is so fuckin' hot and wet!"

"I've been hot since we left home, son," Helen admitted. "So hot, I
couldn't stand it any longer. I'm glad you came along Dennis.
Mmmmmmmm...real glad!"

"Me too, Mom!", grinned Dennis, speeding up his finger thrusts. "I
wouldn't have missed this for the world!"


Helen sobbed and lifted her ass up off the seat, grinding her cunt onto
her son's stabbing fingers.  Her fingers jerked up and down his prick
with a grip of iron, and Dennis was so turned on by his beautiful
mother, he didn't know how long he could last.

"If you keep that up, Mom, I'm gonna come all over the place.", panted
Dennis.

Helen hoped it would be all over her. His words increased her hunger and
soon her cute, round ass began to gyrate frantically, rocking the car
from side to side. In the back of his mind, Dennis hoped that nobody saw
them parked here, because it would be a little hard for his mother to
explain what she was doing, half naked, jerking off her sixteen-year-old
son while he stuffed several fingers up her cunt.

"I'm close too, baby!, gasped Helen, holding his mouth to her tits. 
"Just a little more...a little more....Suck my tits, honey! Suck them
hard!"

She moaned in ecstasy as Dennis suckled her nipples, first one and then
the other, sucking them into his hot mouth like a starving baby.

"UHHHHHHHH! RUB MY CLIT, BABY! RUB IT HARD! MOMMA'S GONNA COME!", Helen
screamed as she felt the waves of pleasure well up from deep inside her.

Dennis rubbed and squeezed in all the right places, sex with his sister
had shown him exactly how a girl liked to be stimulated when she came,
and his mother was no different.  She was writhing around his thrusting
fingers like an epileptic eel, hunching and grinding her sloppy cunt
against him until Dennis thought she was never going to come.  Then it
happened.....

"AHHHHHHHHHHGGGHHHHHH! FUCK! I'M CUMMMMMMMINNGGGGGG! OHHH, GOD,
DENNNNNY!" Even in the midst of her orgasm, Helen didn't forget her
son.  Her fist kept jerking on his swollen cock at a tremendous pace,
almost as if she was trying to squeeze the come out of him.

Dennis could feel the muscles of his mother's cunt contracting around
his fingers, squeezing them almost as hard as her fist was squeezing his
cock.

"Ohhh, Jesus!", he groaned. "God, what a cunt!...Yeah! Beat my meat,
Mom!"

Helen arched her back, trying to get as much of her son's fingers into
her spasming twat as she could. Dennis looked down at his mother's cunt
only inches away from his mouth. He couldn't resist. Pulling his fingers
out of her flooded hole, Dennis replaced them with his mouth and, to his
mother's utter surprise and delight began to suck the juices from her
cunt like a pro.

"Ooooh, Jesus, Dennis!...Where'd you learn to do that?!", whimpered his
mother, humping her cunt up at his face. "God!  I don't care, baby! 
Just don't stop!"

Dennis didn't stop. He sucked his mother's insatiable cunt to two more
orgasms before the exhausted woman pulled his juice-smeared face from
between her quivering thighs.

"Christ Dennis! You've sucked me dry!", panted Helen, smiling fondly
down at him. "Now, it's your turn, darling! Momma's feeling positively
famished!"

Helen pushed her son backwards and clambered over his prostrate form
like a starving lioness over its prey. She flashed him a sexy,
smouldering look before lowering her mouth to his cock. It disappeared
to the balls in one almighty gulp.

"Uhhhhhhhh! Fuck! What a mouth!", cried Dennis as he watched his cock
vanish inside his mother's tight, hot throat. "Suck it, Mom! Suck my
prick!" Helen's fingers fondled her son's hairy balls as she sucked his
huge cock, intent only on giving him as much pleasure as he had given
her.

She wasn't playing with his prick like his little sister had done. His
mother knew exactly what she was doing. She used her mouth, lips and
throat so well, that Dennis had only to close his eyes to believe he was
shoving his cock deep into her hot, tight cunt, and the thought of
fucking his mother's juicy cunt was all he needed to push him over the
edge.

"Ohhhh, Shit! Get ready! I'm gonna come in your fuckin' mouth, Mom!"

Helen tensed as her son's sperm gushed out of the end of his dick and
down her throat. She thought it would be easy to swallow his load, but
that was where she was wrong. His sixteen-year-old balls were so full of
jism that Helen almost choked trying to get it all down. It came so
thick and fast that it caught her by surprise, and she managed to
swallow only a fraction of the boy's hot spunk, the rest leaked out
around his cock and dribbled down her chin.

Helen licked it all up before sitting back in the passenger's seat and
rearranging her clothes. Feelings of guilt quickly replaced the fading
lust which had driven her earlier, and within seconds Helen wondered
what had possessed her to molest her own son!  Dennis looked at his
mother with a mixture of love and desire, but she avoided his eyes.

"Thanks, Mom," he said quietly, stuffing his limp cock back into his
pants.

"It's getting dark," snapped Helen, acting as if nothing had happened. 
"We'd better get going."

Dennis started the engine and pulled back out onto the highway, trying
to figure out why his mother was suddenly so cold towards him after all
they had just done together. He couldn't understand it. He was on top of
the world, yet his mother acted like he'd just slapped her in the face.
Then it dawned on him...she was feeling guilty! How could he reassure
her? He didn't know.

They drove in silence for hours before Dennis finally hunched his
shoulders and said, "I'm too tired to drive any more, Mom! You wanna
take over for a while?"

"No, sweetheart. I'm bushed as well. Let's get a hotel room and drive on
in the morning."

Dennis glanced at his mother. "Well at least she's calling me 
'sweetheart' again", he thought hopefully...that was a start. At the
next town, Dennis pulled into the carpark of the first hotel he could
find. It was a fairly big hotel, complete with restaurant and lounge
bar.

"Let's have dinner at the restaurant, honey," suggested Helen after they
had registered. "Okay, Mom," he smiled, "I'm famished!"

Helen wasn't amused. She remembered saying that just before she went
down on him in the car, and by the silly smile on her son's face, he
knew it too...it only made her feel worse about what they'd done.

"I need a drink to relax before we eat. You don't mind, do you?"

"No, Mom, go ahead," answered Dennis.

The one drink before dinner turned into an even dozen. After the fourth,
she ordered one for Dennis every other round. Dennis was feeling quite
good and Helen was tipsy by the time dinner arrived. The liquor
stimulated Dennis' appetite, and he ate ravenously. After their meal,
they each had two more drinks before leaving. Dennis had never seen his
mother tight before, and on their way back, Helen stumbled and almost
fell. Dennis put his arm around her, his hand snugged against the
underside of one breast. As his voluptuous mother leaned heavily against
him, Dennis brought his other hand up to steady her but instead it slid
onto her left tit.

Instinctively the boy cupped the swelling curve of his mother's breast. 
It felt big and soft and incredibly warm under his fingers, so throwing
caution to the wind, Dennis squeezed it a little as they walked towards
the elevator. As he had suspected during dinner, his mother wasn't
wearing a bra, and Dennis could feel her prominent nipple digging into
the palm of his hand through the thin fabric of her blouse.

Through a cloudy haze, Helen felt her son's hand squeezing her tit, but
she was too sozzled to care...besides, it felt good, she thought... 
very good. When she didn't object, Dennis got a little more daring and
dropped his hand to his mother's compact little behind, stroking and
fondling her lusciously firm asscheeks through her the excitingly silky
material of her dress. He looked around guiltily as they went, hoping
nobody was watching. His cock felt like a steel bar in his pants. 
Luckily the front desk was unattended, so Dennis just hurried past, half
lifting, half dragging his semi-conscious mother.

Somehow with her son's help, Helen managed to stagger as far as the
elevator. However once inside, her legs, which had been rubbery at best,
buckled completely, and Dennis only just managed to catch his mother
before she collapsed on the floor. He held her tightly against him as he
punched in the number of their floor, looking about cautiously. The
doors seemed to take forever to close, making Dennis worry that someone
else would decide to take the same elevator. Luckily nobody did, and
Dennis breathed an audible sigh of relief when the doors finally closed
in front of him.  As the elevator moved off, Helen seemed to recover a
little and suddenly tried to stand up, catching her son off balance as
she lurched heavily against him.

"Easy, Mom!", Dennis gasped, as her weight forced him back against the
wall.

As Dennis held onto his mother tightly, trying to support her, he became
aware of her hard tits crushed against his chest and his cock pressing
into her belly. Loosing his grip, he tried to get her to stand up.

"Come on, Mom! Help me here!", grunted Dennis trying to lift her. "Stand
up goddamit!"

Helen opened her eyes and tried to focus them on her son, but it was no
use. Her head was spinning. She stood up and managed to hold onto her
son, supporting herself without help for the first time since they left
the restaurant. Through an alcohol muddled brain, Helen felt two
muscular arms holding her, and a strong male body pressed hard against
hers. She moaned with pleasure and wrapped her arms around her son's
neck, passionately returning his embrace. She didn't care who it was,
not even where she was, only that it felt absolutely wonderful!

Dennis felt suddenly embarrassed at having his mother crawling all over
him in a public place. He looked around...well almost a public place, he
conceded. Helen was hot, very hot, and right now she didn't care who
took care of the frustrating itch in her cunt. As the initial
embarrassment was replaced by desire for his beautiful, sexy mother,
Dennis began to respond. His hands dropped to her thighs, sliding up
underneath her short dress to squeeze and fondle her squirming
asscheeks, at the same time pulling her cunt harder against his cock. 
Helen moaned louder and nuzzled his neck, grinding her crotch against
the rockhard bulge in the front of the boy's pants.

"Ummm,..n..nice....nice hard cock!", she muttered, rubbing herself
against the her son like a two dollar whore. Her hands were all over
him, her hot mouth covering his neck with burning kisses as they writhed
together in a stirring, passionate embrace. Dennis wanted to whisper his
desires into his mother's ear but thought better of it. In her state, he
wasn't even sure she knew it was her own son she was coming on to.  If
she realized that, she might get another attack of the guilts, and
Dennis didn't want that right now!

Instead he concentrated on the exciting contact of her pussy against his
cock even if it was through several layers of cloth, it sure felt good! 
He slipped his fingers under the leg-elastic of her panties on both
sides and massaged his mother's naked ass under her dress. The extra
tension pulled Helen's panties hard into her crotch, making her whimper
with lust as it pressed against her protuding clit.

So intense was their mutual arousal, that they didn't even feel the
elevator stopping. But as the doors opened, Dennis looked up with a
startled glance and saw that it wasn't their floor. He had no time to do
anything before an old lady entered. She didn't seem to pay them any
attention at all. She simply pressed a floor button and stood patiently
for the doors to close. Dennis was scared, if anybody realized that the
woman grinding her crotch so sensuously against his, was his own mother,
he was sure all hell would break loose. He tried to think clearly, but
it was difficult because his mother wouldn't stop necking.  She was
making loud moaning noises and squirming her cunt against his cock like
crazy.

The woman coughed and glanced furtively in their direction, a look of
disgust on her sour old features. Then Dennis realized that the woman
couldn't see

his mother's face...nor much of his for that matter. "Maybe if I pretend
we're just a couple of young lovers, she'll be none the wiser", he
thought desperately. His mother's slim, athletic figure wouldn't give
them away...as long as she didn't say anything or turn around. Dennis
couldn't take that chance. He lowered his mouth to his mother's lips and
kissed her passionately, peeking occasionally over her shoulder at the
old woman. The woman looked away and stared at the floor indicator with
a disgusted look on her face. His plan was working.

Helen responded to her son's kiss by thrusting her tongue halfway down
the boy's throat, and the more they kissed, the more Dennis forgot
exactly why he had kissed her in the first place. His hands were still
under his mother's dress, and Dennis dug his fingers deeply into her
soft yielding ass-flesh, rubbing his hard prick suggestively against his
mother's eager crotch. Dennis was so excited by now, he completely
forgot the old woman was there and reached down between his mother's
thighs to feel her cunt. She was very, very wet...so wet, Dennis could
feel the moisture seeping through her tight panties...and hot too...hot
as an oven!  He felt like pulling his cock out and fucking her right
here and now, on the elevator floor, and probably would have if not for
the nosy woman standing next to them.

By the time the old woman reached her floor, the excited pair were once
again too engrossed with each other to notice. She got out mumbling
something about "public indecency", and the doors closed behind her. 
Two floors up, the elevator doors opened again, and it was only when
they were just about to close that Dennis realized it was their floor.

"Come on Mom. We gotta get out now!", said Dennis as he hurried out of
the
elevator, pulling his mother along behind him.  Helen muttered something
unintelligible as her son dragged her down the hallway.  She was still
in a
daze from the booze she's consumed, but the fires of lust her son had
ignited,
still raged in her hotly aroused cunt.

When they got to their room, Dennis unlocked the door and helped his
mother
inside, lowered her gently onto the bed.  She sprawled drunkenly, her
skirt
bunching up around her narrow waist.  Dennis lay down on the bed beside
her,
unable to take his eyes from his mother's inviting crotch, his hard cock
compressed uncomfortably by the tightness of his jeans.

"Mom?", whispered Dennis, shaking his mother's shoulder gently. Helen
mumbled and tried to sit up, but instead flopped back on the bed in a
drunken stupor. Dennis shook her shoulders, a little harder this time.

"Come on Mom, you've got to get changed for bed.", he said loudly,
trying to wake her, but this time there was no reply. His mother seemed
to have passed out.

Dennis kept staring at her thrusting tits and the damp crotch of her
silk panties...so shamelessly exposed. With shaking hands, he unbuttoned
his mother's blouse, and feasted his eyes on her big, creamy tits. The
prominent nipples were hard and erect, a clear sign to the young boy
that even in her sleep, his mother was still aroused. Dennis reached out
with both hands and cupped her naked breasts, squeezing them sensuously
until his semi-conscious mother began to moan and writhe her hips with
delight. It gave the boy a perverse kind of thrill to know that he could
still excite his mother, even in her sleep. His young cock twitched with
desire, and Dennis automatically dropped a hand to the large, throbbing
bulge in his crotch.

His mother groaned and tried to roll over onto her side, but Dennis
pushed her onto her back....he hadn't finished with her yet. In fact, he
was just getting started! Breathing deeply, Dennis slid a hand up over
her bare inner thigh, rubbing and stroking until his fingers brushed
against the thin material of her panties. He cupped her exposed
cuntmound and squeezed gently, excited by the wet heat emanating from
his mother's silk-encased twat. Helen was still in a daze, vaguely aware
of the insistent pressure against her heated cunt. Her son on the other
hand was in a state of high excitement. Squeezing his mother's cunt like
this was driving the boy wild, and as he fondled her, his other hand was
busy rubbing his swollen prick through the tight crotch of his pants.

Slowly, Dennis ran a finger up over his mother's panty-covered cunt,
tracing the moist groove of her slit with the tip of his finger. Helen
responded by moaning groggily and spreading her thighs wider,
unconsciously inviting her son to go further. Even though she was out to
it, Dennis could feel his mother becoming aroused by his intimate touch
as she hunched her cunt instinctively up against his hand, desperate for
penetration.

"Mmmmmmmm! Ohhhhhh! Jesus, I need a cock!...ummmm...Gimme a good fuck!",
moaned Helen drunkenly. Grabbing her son's hand, she pressed it savagely
into her cunt, trying to push his fingers right through the juice soaked
fabric of her panties.

"God, you're wet, Mom!", Dennis moaned, rubbing his mother's hot,
quivering slit.

It was obvious she wanted a cock badly, and mother or not, he couldn't
wait to give it to her. Standing up, Dennis quickly undressed, tossing
his clothes carelessly around the room in his frenzied haste. Within
seconds he stood naked beside the bed, staring down at the sexy body of
his half-unconscious mother, his huge, erect cock sticking out
powerfully from between his muscular young thighs. Dennis crawled back
onto the bed and boldly grasped the waistband of his mother's panties,
pulling the thin, wet garment down over her thighs and off over her
ankles.

He stared with lust-glazed eyes at his mother's naked cunt, his hard,
young cock throbbing wildly between his legs. Next he pulled off her
skirt and then her blouse, until at last, she was completely naked,
spread out on the bed before him like a nude goddess...the goddess of
sex! Dennis wasted no time in feeling his mother up. He ran his hands
all over her body, rubbing her thighs, fingering her cunt and squeezing
her tits. Grabbing her hand, Dennis wrapped his mother's fingers around
his cock, holding her fist in place until he felt her fingers begin to
squeeze his prick of their own accord.

"I've gotta fuck you, Mom!", he said aloud. "I've just gotta know what
it feels like to fuck your hot, juicy cunt!"

Helen only mumbled in her sleep and tightened her fingers around his
cock. Dennis knelt between his mother's wide-spread thighs and put her
other hand around his prick too. It grasped her son's long, hard shaft
automatically, somehow sensing what to do even in her sleep. Dennis
leaned forwards and lowered his cock towards his mother's cunt. He
didn't even have to find the hole. As soon as the tip of his prick
touched her cuntlips, Helen's hands unconsciously guided her son's dick
into her waiting twat. She moaned as Dennis thrust inside, filling her
cunt with ten throbbing inches of rockhard prick.

"Uhhhhhhhh, Mom! Jesus! I'm in your cunt!...I'm in your hot, fuckin'
cunt, Mom....all the way!....Ohhhhh, Godddddd!"

Helen's eyes were still closed, but as soon as her son's cock slid into
her ever-ready snatch, her hips lifted off the bed and her hands left
his cock, going instead to his hips, pulling the boy against her, urging
her son to fuck her deeply. Even in her alcoholic stupor, Helen knew a
good cock when she felt one...and this was a very good cock. Dennis
fucked his mother with long, deep strokes, enjoying the hotness of her
forbidden cunt stretched tightly around his plunging dick. Helen soon
began to respond to the wild fucking she was getting, and bucked her
hips up off the bed, shoving her cunt upwards in time with her son's
hard, downward thrusts.

"That's it!", grunted Dennis, shafting his mother deeply. "Throw that
pussy up at me, baby! Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, Christ, what a tight, hot
little cunt!!"

Helen was rapidly sobering up. The cock in her cunt felt good...very
good, and by the time she opened her eyes and realized fully who's cock
it really was, Helen was past caring. But still, she made the effort to
sound shocked.

"Dennis!...Jesus, what are you doing?", she stammered stupidly.

"I'm fucking you, Mom!", replied her son, wondering if his mother was
going to suddenly change her mind again. "You don't want me to stop, do
you?"

Helen moaned deep in her throat as Dennis paused for a moment, his huge
cock still throbbing way up inside her cunt.

"No! Don't stop!", gasped Helen, wrapping her long legs around her son's
waist. "I don't want you to ever stop fucking me, darling!"

"Now you're talking, Mom!", smiled Dennis once more resuming his
powerful cock-thrusts.

He watched the expression of lust on his mother's face deepen as he
began to fuck her vigorously, his thick cock filling and stretching her
tight, wet cunthole more and more with each energetic stroke. With the
strength of a young bull, Dennis fucked his mother's juicy, gaping twat,
causing Helen to cry out, panting and twisting beneath her son in a wild
paroxysm of wanton, incestuous pleasure. She began to sob, but wasn't
sure if it was in shame or ecstasy. She clawed at her son's back,
leaving livid red marks as her long fingernails dug into his skin.

Dennis didn't even notice. He was to engrossed in ramming his dick up
his mother's wonderful cunt to feel anything except her tight, wet heat
squeezing his pounding cock. She wasn't quite as tight as his sister, he
noted, but his thick young cock was more than big enough to ensure a
nice snug fit. Besides, what his mother's cunt lacked in tightness, was
more than compensated for by the way she used it. Her hips moved in time
with his rapid strokes, grinding round and round even as her ass lunged
up and down to meet his thrusting prick, and all the time, her
cunt-muscles squeezed his deeply buried cock in hot, rippling waves. 
Helen's cunt was on fire, very slippery with wetness , and her clit
stuck out like a little hard-on, rubbing the shaft of his cock.

"Oooooooh, my darling baby!!!!", squealed Helen, enjoying the feel of
her son's thick cock as it slammed repeatedly into her upthrust cunt. 
"What a gorgeous big prick!...Jesus, what has Momma been missing all
this time!"


The friction of his cockshaft along the sensitive lips of her slit made
Helen's mind spin, and she humped her cunt up at him as hard as she
could, no longer caring that it was her own son who was fucking her so
deliciously. Dennis grabbed his mother's ass with both hands and jabbed
her harder.

"Do you like that, Mom!", he grunted, fucking her deeply.  "Do you like
my hard cock up your hot cunt, Mom?"

Helen's eyes bulged as she felt her son's enormous prick fuck deep into
her pussy, his swollen young balls slapping lewdly against her satiny
ass.

"Uhhhhhhhh, yesssss! I love it, Dennis! Mmmmmm, fuck me, baby!...Fuck
your mother...fuck her good!" she hissed. "Give it to me hard, baby! 
Make me feel good again, make momma come with your big fat dick. 
Ohhhhh, darling, that feels so good!  Don't hold off, keep going,
faster....I'm almost there...fuck me, come inside my cunt. Ummmmm, your
cock feels so good, son! I've needed this all day! I....I....oh, yes,
yes, I'm.....Goddamn, fuck me faster.... I'm almost there!"

Dennis looked down between his mother's splayed legs, watching his cock
fuck in and out of her cunt. The soft, hairy lips clung to the
glistening shaft of his dick, and more creamy wetness was building up at
the base. He loved the way his mother's cunt stretched and gripped his
prick, and the more he watched the arousing spectacle, the more his
excitement mounted.

"Ohhhhhh, God, Mom!", groaned Dennis suddenly. "You're so fuckin' hot! 
I can't take it any more!...I'm gonna come!"

"No, no! Not yet, baby!", gasped his mother. "Hold back just a little
bit longer. Momma won't be long!"

Sobbing in ecstasy, Helen lifted her legs, drawing her knees back,
shoving her cunt up at her son's lunging cock, trying to get the
extra-deep penetration that always set her off. The pounding of his hips
drove the air from her lungs as Helen whipped her ass around in a
frenzy, moaning and whimpering loudly as she hunched her cunt
frantically up at her son's stabbing cock. She wanted to call out to
him, to urge him to fuck her deeper, harder, faster, but the words
wouldn't come.

Helen was on fire, her cunt burning up with the hot, hungry fires of
lust her young son had ignited. The moist warm channel which had given
Dennis life, now gave him the ultimate pleasure, clasping at the boy's
cock as he pulled out, and expanding to take it deep when he plunged
back down. Both mother and son were close to orgasm, only a few more
strokes now and both would explode violently in their first incestuous
encounter.

"Mom! Oh, Jesus! I can't help it. I'm gonna come! Uhhhh, come with me,
Mom!" Sensing her own orgasm to be just as close, Helen drew her knees
further back, offering her pussy to the frenzied thrusts of her son's
jerking cock.

"Dennny! Oooooh, Denny! Yessss! Come in me, baby! Come in momma's hot
cunt!"

Time seemed suspended as the fucking pair did everything in their power
to prolong the exquisite moment. Dennis was grunting, his hips darting
back and forth, his cum-swollen cock stretching and filling his mother's
cunt with hot, throbbing hardness. Helen felt as if her whole body was
melting. Her eyes went out of focus, and she lifted her cunt high,
groaning out a low, deep sound of shameless ecstasy as her son rammed
his spurting cock deep into her shuddering body. Helen flung her hands
down his body to grab his jerking ass and pull him into her as hard as
she could. Her body stiffened as her pussy exploded, squeezing and
gripping her son's cock wildly. A scream tore from her throat as she
came, writhing urgently against him, her hands clawing at his ass, still
trying to get his young cock into her spasming, twitching cunt as deeply
as possible.

With a loud yell, Dennis arched his back and hunched forwards, sending
thick, scalding jets of cum-juice into his mother's contracting cunt. 
The hot spurts sent Helen into shuddering spasms of rapture, her orgasm
increasing in intensity tenfold. Dennis grabbed his mother's tits and
squeezed tightly, sending a sharp pain through them. But Helen hardly
felt it. Instead she cried out in ecstasy, straining even harder onto
her son's squirting cock. Dennis let out his breath slowly, his cock
deflating slowly inside his mother's still-quivering cunt. He suddenly
became weak, and his arms collapsed. Helen grunted as his weight
settled, her legs sliding down his body to rest on the bed. She ran her
fingers over his body, caressing his naked back.

"Oh, baby!  That was fantastic!", Helen murmured, planting hot kisses
the boy's sweaty forehead. "You fucked momma like a real stud, honey!"

"I liked it too, Mom!", replied Dennis. He looked into his mother's
eyes.

"No guilty feelings this time, Mom?"

Helen hugged her son as hard as she could. She knew that from now on she
would feel no shame in what they'd done, only a new kind of love.

"No, darling", she whispered. "No guilt anymore...just happiness!"

"Me too, Mom!", replied Dennis, kissing his mother passionately.

When his cock slid limply from her cunt, Dennis rolled off and let his
mother sit up.

"How's your head, Mom?", asked Dennis, smiling broadly.

"Ummm, I don't know why, but it feels like a goddamn truck ran over it."
Dennis laughed and sat up.

"I know why," he grinned. "You must have drunk a whole bottle of scotch
tonight, Mom."

"Ooooooh, it feels like it too!", said Helen, trying to stand up. "How
did you get me up here? I don't remember a thing."

Dennis told his mother everything that had happened from when they left
the restaurant...the ride up in the elevator...the old woman...and above
all the way she turned him on so much he simply had to fuck her.

"I'm glad you did, son," smiled Helen. "I enjoyed every wonderful second
of it!...Mmmmmm, that bit in the elevator sounds kinky. Let's do that
again, but next time when I'm sober, okay?"

"You bet!", said Dennis enthusiastically. "Hey, Mom, wanna take a shower
with me? You look like you need it to clear your head."

Helen looked at her son's naked body, his cock had shrivelled to a
fraction of its former glory...but still, the sight of it was enough to
get her cunt-juices flowing like mad.

"Okay! Sounds like fun," she said, marvelling at how quickly she felt
like sex with him again.

With her husband, one good fuck was usually enough to satisfy her for
the rest of the night, but the perverted excitement of fucking her
virile young son was such a big turn-on that Helen wanted more!  In
fact, she was hoping he would want to fuck and suck her all night
long...and knowing the sexual prowess of sixteen-year old boys, she was
sure her son could do it too. Helen shivered with anticipation.

She followed Dennis into the bathroom, staring at his tight, muscular
young ass as he bent forward to turn on the shower.

"Do you like it hot, Mom?", he asked innocently, adjusting the water
pressure to a comfortable level.

"Mmmmmmmm!", purred his mother walking seductively towards him.  "I like
it as hot and as often as I can get it, darling....especially with you!"

Dennis saw the sexy gleam in her eye and smiled, his young cock
stiffening automatically. As his mother approached, he backed into the
shower stall and waited for her to enter, the hot water cascading down
his lean, naked body.

"Don't run away, dear," giggled Helen. "Momma's not gonna bite you... 
ummmm, at least, not much anyway."

She stepped into the shower with him, gasping a little as the water hit
her, and pressed her wet body against him, her arms going around his
waist. Her son was a little taller than she was, so Helen had to stretch
a bit to kiss him. Her tongue slithered into his mouth, running over his
teeth and darting down his throat. Dennis returned his mother's kiss
passionately, and soon they were moaning and writhing together under the
hard, steamy spray. Helen reached down and curled her fingers around his
cock and balls, squeezing gently, making her son moan deeply into her
mouth. Dennis broke the hot tongue-kiss and dropped a hand to his
mother's cunt.

"Oh, Mom!  Jesus, I want to fuck you again!", he breathed into her ear.

"I know, honey!...", gasped Helen as she felt her son's fingers slide
deliciously into her hot slit. "I want it, and you want it, so we can
have it, son! We're together...no one else to worry about....all alone,
and we can do anything we want." Her fingers jerked his cock to full
erection.

"Oh Fuck!...Yes, Mom! I want to do it all!", moaned Dennis stabbing
three fingers into her juicy cunt. "I want to do everything with you!  I
just hope it doesn't get out of hand."

Helen giggled wantonly.

"Not out of my hand, it isn't!"  She gripped her son's cock hard and
pumped it vigorously. "I want it in my hand...or better still, in my
cunt!"

"No, I meant the feelings I have for you, Mom!", said Dennis. "I want to
do all sorts of nasty things to you, and I'm afraid it might get out of
hand."

"Oh, baby, I'd love that!", she purred. "I'd love it very much if it got
out of hand, honey! I want to be wild and loose and let you do nasty
things to me. Just as long as you make me come like you did before,
darling!"

"Oh, Mom!", groaned Dennis pushing his mother down until she was on
knees in front of him. He grabbed her face in both hands and thrust his
cock into her mouth before she quite knew what was happening. "Suck it! 
Suck my cock, Mom! Suck my fuckin' cock!"

Helen almost choked as her son drove the head of his cock into her
throat. She'd had cock's in her mouth before, so that was nothing
startling to her, but his sudden violence was. Her lips stretched around
the base of her son's prick. His balls were hot on her chin, and her
mouth was very, very full.

The water cascading down Dennis' body helped to lubricate his big cock
as it slid in and out of his mother's mouth.  He stared at her with a
wild look in his eyes, enjoying the feel of his huge prick throbbing
deep in her hot, velvet throat. His hands were behind her head, pressing
his mother's face into his crotch as he fucked his young cock between
her tight, ovaled lips. Helen slid her palms up over her son's thighs
and cupped his slippery, wet asscheeks with both hands. She squeezed
him, and with a grunt, Dennis began to fuck harder, ramming his cock
down her throat almost savagely.

"Suck, damn you!", he growled. "Suck my cock, hard!......Eat dick,
Mom!...Oh, Jesus, yessssss!...Make me come in your hot, fuckin' mouth,
baby!

Helen moaned as her son's huge cock collided with the back of her
throat, pushing deeper with each lunge. She closed her lips tightly
around it, her tongue pushing his prick to the roof of her mouth, making
it as tight for him as she possibly could. Her lips tingled with the
hard, hot taste, reminding Helen that she loved sucking cock. In fact,
she had sucked many cocks, but she had never once let the guy come in
her mouth. She felt her cunt twitch with a strange, wanton feeling.  Her
son's cock felt better and tasted better than any of the others...
including her husband. She tried to tell herself it was because he was
so young, but deep down inside Helen knew it was because the cock
sliding down her willing, eager throat belonged to her own son. The
excitement of incest was suddenly like a powerful drug to her, and it
obviously had the same effect on Dennis too.

Helen loved the way her son was acting, forcing her to suck him. She
became submissive, letting her emotions soar. She knelt before him,
letting the boy fuck her mouth as hard and as fast as he wanted, and her
cunt reacted in ways she had never felt before. With a deep moan, Helen
slid a hand down to her wet, matted crotch and inserted two fingers deep
into her blazing cunt. Dennis looked down between his mother's jiggling
tits, and gazed with excitement as Helen shamelessly thrust her fingers
in and out of her highly aroused twat.

"Ohhh, yeah!  Do it to yourself, Mom!" groaned Dennis, watching her
intently. His cock was still pumping into her mouth, strong and hard as
she stared at his mother expertly finger-fuck herself.

"Mmmmmmmm, I bet your pussy is all hot and wet and juicy...", he
grinned. "Nice and ready for my big hard cock, right Mom?"

Helen looked up at her son through the fine mist billowing about them
and nodded, moaning in frustration around his thrusting prick. Helen
wanted to beg her son to stick his cock into her cunt and fuck her, but
she couldn't answer because the boy wouldn't let her mouth off his hard
prick. Dennis was teasing her, she knew it, but in her present state,
that only seemed to excite her more, and soon she was shoving her whole
hand into her tightly stretched cunt, trying to simulate a huge fucking
cock. Dennis held his mother's head with both hands, fucking her mouth
hard, the soft whimpering sounds she was making, and her lush tits
rubbing provocatively against this thighs, adding greatly to his already
considerable excitement.

Dennis grunted as his cock slammed brutally in and out of his mother's
mouth. Although he loved her dearly, he was so fully aroused that at the
moment he didn't care if he was hurting her, as long as she didn't stop
sucking his cock!  He had always enjoyed getting his cock sucked, but
this was different. The girls who usually sucked him off treated his
cock like a lollypop, kissing and licking and teasing it only enough to
get it hard enough to stick up their tight young cunts. His mother was
giving him the first REAL cock-suck of his life, and Dennis was enjoying
it to the max!  Helen was enjoying it too, and the more she felt the
boy's balls bouncing against her chin, the deeper she swallowed his
cock, burying her nose into his bushy wet pubic hair with every lunge.

"That's it, Mom!  Suck it hard!  Suck my prick and make me come, you
horny slut!", said her son with loud groan. "Eat my hot, fuckin' meat,
bitch!

Helen gazed up at him with a look of smouldering lust on her beautiful
young face. If anyone else had spoken to her like that, she would have
felt degraded and dirty, but with him it was different. When her son
said it, Helen only felt her pussy tingle with wanton excitement. By
now, her hand was almost completely buried in the frothy, squirming hole
between her legs. Her brain reeled with lewd ecstasy at the thought of
her son's hot, creamy sperm squirting into her mouth. Helen made soft
whimpering sounds around the thick shaft fucking her lips and grasped
her son's jiggling ballbag. It was slippery from the water running down
his lean body, and Helen cupped the hairy sack, squeezing her son'
swollen balls as she took the heavy thrusts of his eager young cock all
the way down her throat.

"Ohhhh, yeah!  Squeeze my nuts, Mom!", Dennis cried out. "I'm so fuckin'
close it hurts!"

Helen was more than close, her hand was a almost a blur as it fucked in
and out of her cunt, her son's words helping to send her over the edge. 
She came hard, almost biting her son's cock as she temporarily lost
control and let her teeth graze up and down his thrusting cockshaft.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh! God! Jesus, baby! That almost made me come!", screamed
Dennis. Helen realized how close her son had actually come when she
suddenly experienced the warm salty taste of his pre-cum on her tongue. 
It made her cunt quiver with anticipation. She dragged her teeth along
his cock again, this time on purpose and the result was the same.

Without warning, Dennis cried out, stabbing his mother's face with
stronger thrusts. Helen felt his prick jerk in her mouth, and for a
brief moment, tried to pull off. But Dennis was holding her too tightly,
one hand at the back of her head, the other on her chin. Her lips were
being bruised as he banged violently against them, but Helen felt no
pain. She was burning up. Her mouth ached, her nipples tingled, and her
cunt ached for his fat young cock. She didn't know what to expect as her
son came in her mouth, but there was little she could do to prevent it. 
He held her head in a vice-like grip, and she knew he wouldn't let her
go until his cock had ceased spurting, and his young balls were empty. 
Helen gripped his asscheeks tightly and waited for the inevitable
explosion.

Dennis was moaning, his eyes blazing down at his kneeling mother, out of
focus, wild-looking. She felt the boy's ass-muscles flex under her
palms, and her lips stretched more than ever around his pounding cock as
it began to swell suddenly, seeming to double in size. Helen was
resigned to the fact that her son was going to come in her mouth, in
fact she was beginning to like the idea, the thought of swallowing her
own son's sperm made her cunt crawl with delicious, incestuous lust. 
Helen wrapped her arms around her son's lurching ass, and clung to him
as she fucked faster and faster into her mouth.

"AHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGHHH! JESUS, HERE IT FUCKIN' COMES!", Dennis yelled. 
"GET READY, MOM! GET READY TO TAKE IT ALL, YOU GORGEOUS COCK-SUCKING
CUUUUUNNNT!"

Helen wasn't ready, but there was no way she could tell her son. Her
arms tightened around his naked ass, and her eyes closed as she felt his
cock pulse wildly between her lips. She heard him give a yelp, and
shuddered as jet after jet of hot, teenage spunk erupted from the end of
her son's hard, pistoning cock. To keep from choking, Helen swallowed as
Dennis kept fucking her face, his movements jerky. Squirt after hot,
sticky squirt shot into her mouth, coating her tongue and the insides of
her cheeks. Helen gulped loudly as her mouth filled with her son's
creamy seed. It was difficult to swallow when he pushed the head of his
cock into her throat, but she found it easier to do when he pulled back
before another thrust.

Helen swallowed down every drop, enjoying the lascivious act of
consuming her own son's sperm immensely. Her cunt twitched and bubbled
with desire as she savoured the excitingly masculine taste of him. 
Helen made a mental note of sucking him again the first chance she got.

"Oooooh, yeah!", Dennis groaned, trembling as he pressed his cock deep
into her slack mouth one last time. "Oh, Mom, that was fuckin' great! 
I've never been sucked like that before...Dad sure is one lucky son of a
bitch!"

Dennis looked down at her, seeing the unmistakable need reflected in his
mother's deep blue eyes.  His cock slipped from her mouth, but before it
could go soft, Dennis pulled his mother to her feet and pushed her up
against the shower wall, kissing her long and passionately.

He loved the taste of his cock on her lips and thrust his tongue deep
into her mouth to get more. Helen grabbed his cock. It was still hard
and getting harder by the second. Dennis cupped his hands under the
cheeks of his mother's ass and lifted her cunt up to the same level as
his prick.

"Uhhhhhh, Christ! I wanna fuck you in the cunt now, Mom!", Dennis
grunted.

"Ohhh, yes! Do it, darling!", gasped Helen, as she felt his cockhead
nudge
against her slit. "Fuck me! Screw me! Use me, son! Fill momma's cunt
with your long, hard cock and fuck it hard! Mmmmm, show momma what a
good fucker you are, baby!"

Dennis didn't mess around, he was incredibly excited, and with a single
tremendous lunge rammed his prick to the hilt inside his mother's juicy
wet snatch.

Helen squealed like a stick pig as her son's huge cock sliced into her
cunt, and when he began thrusting deeply in and out, she could do
nothing but hang on to his strong young shoulders and whimper with
delight.

"Feel good, Mom?", panted Dennis, ramming her ass against the tiled wall
with every stroke, ignoring the the hot spray which stung his jerking
ass.

"Jesus, yesss!", gasped Helen. "That's it sweetheart, fuck me good and
hard!"

She rode her son's deep-pistoning cock with wails of pleasure, her tits
squashing deliciously against his muscular young chest as the excited
boy thrust his prick into her slippery twat like a machine out of
control. Helen adored his rough, fast fucking. Her husband always took
it slow, afraid of cumming to soon and not being able to get it up
again, but young boys are different, and Helen knew that her son didn't
care if he came, because at his age he would be ready to fuck again in a
matter of minutes.

She closed her eyes and forgot about her husband. In fact, she forgot
about everything except the searing pleasure as her horny young son
fucked her to the very brink of orgasm. It was a hard, quick fuck, and
both of them were so turned on, that they climaxed within minutes. Helen
came first, her hot and incredibly juicy cunt contracting around her
son's cock with such intensity that Dennis climaxed on the spot.

"Unnnnnhhhhhhh, God! Yeahhhhh! Oh, Dennis! Don't stop! Fuck it to me!",
she howled.  "I'm cummmmmmmmminggggggg!  Ooooooooooooooh!  Uhhhh! 
Uhhhh! Uhhhhhhh!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhggggggghhhh, Jesus!", Dennis screamed, as he fucked into her
faster and faster. "Your cunt feels so tight! Oooooh, fuck! I'm coming
too!"

Helen sobbed with ecstasy as her son's cock twitched and jerked, pumping
blast after blast of boiling-hot jism deep into her orgasming cunt. 
Although she'd just had a cunt-wrenching climax, Helen was still
unbelievably aroused. The booze was wearing off but the excitement of
fucking her own son had transformed her. Helen was insatiable! She
wanted her son to fuck her again and again and again...she wanted him to
do all sorts of depraved, indecent things to her...in fact the more
depraved the better...and anything he didn't already know about sex, she
was going to teach him. After all isn't that what mother's are for,
thought Helen with a wicked little smile. He son's breath in her ear
brought her back to reality.

"Mmmmm! Shit, that was a good one!", he whispered. "How 'bout for you,
Mom?"

"The best, darling!", panted Helen. "You sure know how to excite a
woman!"

Dennis ground his hips against his mother's juice-smeared crotch, his
cock still twitching deep in her cunt.

"We aim to please, Mam!", grinned Dennis, feeling his mother's body
begin to respond once more.

"Oh, baby!...you sure pleased me!", gasped Helen, writhing against him. 
She tongue-kissed her son passionately, and it seemed like a long time
before she reluctantly pulled away, and looked seductively up into his
eyes. "God, you make me so damn hot, Denny!", admitted Helen, seeing the
same lust reflected in her son's eyes. "Do you want to fuck me again,
sweetheart?"

"Shit, Mom!  Do I ever!"

"Good! 'Cause, to tell you the truth, honey, I haven't felt this horny
since my wedding night, and boy did your father ever have his work cut
out for him that night!"

Helen noticed a look of jealousy cross her son's face for an instant.

"Dad's not here, Mom! I am, and I'm gonna fuck you better than he ever
did!"

Helen hugged her son tightly and covered his neck and cheeks with hot,
fervent kisses, her cunt itching with the expectation of some
deliciously exhausting sex with her handsome young son. They washed each
other lovingly, both becoming equally excited by the other's intimate
touch. As they dried each other off, Helen said, "You go and get into
bed, honey. I'll be right there. I just want to freshen up a bit, okay?"

"Okay, Mom!  But if you're not there in one minute, I'm gonna start
without you!" grinned Dennis giving his mother's pert, round ass a
playful squeeze. Helen laughed and pushed her son out of the bathroom,
closing the door behind him. She had something special in mind that was
sure to turn them both on something fierce.

Dennis lay on his back on the bed, rubbing his cock to keep it erect
while he waited for his mother to come out of the bathroom. He couldn't
figure out what was taking her so long, and was just about to go find
out when the bathroom door opened. Dennis gasped aloud and just stared
as his mother appeared, silhouetted in the doorway. She was wearing only
a pink lace nightgown, lace panties, and stockings complete with
matching lace garter belts. Helen hadn't bothered to put on a bra under
her gown, knowing full well that her flawlessly shaped tits would be
clearly visible. It had the desired effect. Dennis' mouth watered at the
sight of his mother's large succulent nipples pressing against the
filmy, clinging fabric.

Helen's gown was so short it barely made it to her navel, and Dennis
could see his mother's dark cunt-bush peeking seductively through the
almost transparent crotch of her tight panties. He could see now why his
mother had taken so long, but suddenly, Dennis didn't care anymore!  She
looked utterly fantastic...the brief, sexy underwear made her seem more
like some erotic Playboy pin-up than his own mother! God, she was
beautiful!

Helen became excited by the effect she was having on her young son.  His
gaze wouldn't keep still, darting from her face to her tits to her cunt
and back again, devouring her body with his eyes. The more obviously
aroused her son became, the more excited it made Helen feel. Her cunt
began to seep hot juices into the crotch of her panties as the very
thought of fucking him again filled her brain with hot, insatiable
lust.  Dennis crawled to the edge of the bed facing his mother, and sat
there stroking his huge erection, just staring at her as she walked
slowly towards him.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm!", moaned Helen, staring at her son's fingers gliding up
and down his hard cock. "Looks like you DID start without me, darling!"

"No, Mom", gasped Dennis, staring at her jiggling tits and the tight,
silky crotch of her panties. "I...uh...I was just keeping it hard for
you!"

"Oooooh, Yeah!  It's hard alright, baby!....", whispered Helen as she
knelt before her excited young son, spreading his trembling knees wide
apart. "...but I bet it'll get a lot harder if Momma sucks on it for
while. Would you like that, sweetheart?" Helen wrapped her fingers
around her son's stiff cock and jerked it as she waited for his reply.

"Uhhh, Jesus, yes!", groaned Dennis, reaching up under his mother's gown
to squeeze her luscious tits. "But I want to suck your cunt first, Mom!"

"Oooooh, you dirty, dirty boy, Dennis!", giggled Helen, getting to her
feet. "....fancy wanting to suck your mother's cunt!.....Mmmmmm, but
Momma feel's real dirty tonight too! Come suck my pussy, baby!"

Dennis dropped to his knees, eager to sample the flavour of his mother's
incredibly juicy twat. Helen opened her legs wide and put her hands on
the back of her son's head, guiding his mouth into her crotch.

"Oooooo, yeahhhh!  Sniff around a little and kiss my cunt, baby!",
moaned Helen pressing the boy's lips to her moist, silk-encased groove. 
"Ummmmm! That's it, nibble at me through my panties before we take them
off. Oh, God how I love a man's face between my legs!...Tease me,
son!...tease Momma's hot cunt with your lips and tongue, and then I'll
let you eat me properly!"

Dennis cupped his mother's asscheeks with both hands as he ran his
tongue back and forth along the soft, tender flesh of her inner thighs,
working slowly up to the wet patch at her crotch. He kissed the swollen
lips through the soggy material, then bit gently, first one lip then the
other. Helen squealed with pleasure, pressing her crotch against her
son's mouth with sudden, urgent desire. And in reply, Dennis drew the
wet crotch-band of his mother's panties into his mouth and sucked at it,
letting his tongue sneak in momentarily to stab at the frothy crevice of
her delicious cunt.

"Ohhhhhhh, my God, Dennis, you MUST have done this before!...Uhhhhh,
take off my panties, baby!  Take them off, now! = I want your mouth
there!...I want to be eaten!", hissed Helen. "...  and don't worry,
baby, I'm clean. I took a douche while I was in the bathroom."

Dennis wasn't concerned about that, he loved the smell and taste of hot
cunt, clean or otherwise, but now that he had a proper chance to sample
his mother's aromatic hole, he liked it even better. Hers had the smell
of a mature, randy woman...it was the smell of sex. And the taste too,
the more taste the better. Dennis suddenly wished his mother hadn't
taken a douche. As Dennis removed his mother's wet panties, the
indescribably exciting odour of aroused cunt mixed with perfume wafted
up from her steamy crotch.

"Ooooh, kiss me down there a little bit more...", Helen murmured pushing
her gooey slit into the boy's eager mouth. "...then I'll suck your cock,
baby!" Helen thought she was in heaven with a hot, eager mouth on her
pussy once more.

Her son was no amateur, of that she was quite sure. He soon had his
long, stiff tongue buried deeply in her sticky cunt, his nose rubbing
excitingly on her clit as his lips sucked her hot, musky cuntflesh into
his ravenous mouth. Helen could only stare down at the top of her son's
bobbing head and moan at the wonderfully, perverted thrills his young
tongue was producing in her bubbling sex cavity. It was as much the fact
that the mouth on her cunt belonged to her own son as it was the
sensations themselves that turned Helen on so powerfully.

"Oh, Jesus! Dennis! Stick your tongue in deeper, darling!", she cried.
"Fuck me with your tongue, son! Oh, God, how I love your mouth on my
cunt! Uhhhhh, suck! Suck me hard, baby! Suck your mother! I'm so
hot!...so fuckin' hot!"

Dennis pressed his face eagerly into his mother's juicy pink slit and
began licking and sucking as fast as he could, tongue-fucking her
quivering cunt with all the strength in his young jaws. Helen tossed her
head back and moaned loudly, shamelessly hunching and writhing her
overheated twat against the boy's hungry, sucking mouth.

"Oooooooooohh, yesssss! I love that, honey! Oh yeahhhh, suck momma's
clit!"

"Mmmmmmm! Juicy...juicy...hot....pussy," slurped Dennis as he sucked
the seething juices from his mother's drooling snatch. Helen looked down
at her son's shaggy head bobbing joyfully between her quivering thighs.

"You like the taste of mother's cunt, don't you, darling!", she
breathed, grinding herself lewdly against her son's rapidly-working
mouth.

"Oh yeah, God I love it!", panted Dennis, looking up at her with wild,
excited eyes. "Your pussy is sweet, Mom! So fuckin' sweet, I could suck
you all night long!"

"Ummmm, good!", sighed Helen.  "'Cause you just might have to, the way I
feel right now!...Jesus, I can hardly stand up! Let's get comfortable on
the bed, baby. I want to suck your big cock while you finish eating me."

The excited young lad couldn't believe his ears, and watched in
disbelief as his beautiful naked mother climbed onto the bed and
sprawled on her back. Helen could see that every move she made was
turning her son on, more and more. He held his hard young cock in his
left hand, moving his fist slowly but firmly up and down the huge shaft
as he stared down at her. It looked huge, and the more she looked at it,
the more Helen forgot about having him finish sucking her cunt!

Watching the expression on her son's face, she let her slender naked
thighs fall wide apart, giving the boy an excellent view of her moistly
parted slit. Dennis moved towards the bed, rubbing his prick as he gazed
hungrily at his mother's exposed cunt. He licked his lips, and Helen
moaned deep in her throat at the thought of his long, hard tongue
flicking around in her snatch once more. With her eyes fixed on her
son's massive cock, Helen reached down between her creamy thighs and,
using both hands, parted the juicy lips of her pussy for him, stroking
her open, glistening cunt in wanton invitation. The look of lust on his
handsome young face, and the urgency of his erection made Helen's
throbbing twat tingle with need.

"Ohhhh, Jesus! I need you in my cunt, Dennis!", hissed Helen. "Look how
hot and wet my poor pussy is!....I need that big, hard cock pounding
away between my legs, baby!....Uhhhhh, fuck me with it, son! Fuck me
hard!"

"Don't you want me to suck you off, Mom!", smiled Dennis.

"We can do that later, dear!" replied his mother, her voice husky with
desire. "But first, I need you to give me a quick, hard satisfying
fuck!"

"Ok, Mom!", grinned Dennis climbing onto the bed. "You're the boss!"

He scrambled up between his mother's outstretched thighs and fell upon
her, wasting no time with preliminaries, simply ramming his massive
hardon to the hilt in her eagerly upthrust cunt.

"Uhhhhhggggghhh! God, yes!", squealed Helen, as the boy's huge prick
sliced deep into her aching cuntmound. "Now, fuck me, darling!...Fuck
meeeeeeee!"

Dennis knew from the tone of her voice, that his mother wanted only one
thing...to come hard and fast...he was only too happy to oblige her!

He began pumping his rigid young cock into his mother's squirming belly
like a madman, fucking her seething cunt with deep powerful strokes that
made Helen cry out with sheer pleasure. Dennis manipulated his body in
jackknife fashion, sending surging stabs into her, fucking his sexy
mother ever deeper, using his tool like a blunt weapon. It was the kind
of weapon that Helen liked. Normally, thrusts as deep and as strong as
her son was giving her, would have hurt, but Helen was excited beyond
belief, and the slight pain only seemed to increase her incredible
pleasure. She forgot about the rest of the world...about her
daughter...even her husband!...all that mattered right now, was that her
virile young son was giving her what she so desperately
needed...a hot, hard all-consuming fuck!

"Ohhhh, yeah! Move that ass for me, Mom!", grunted Dennis. "Move your
tight, hot pussy around on my dick!...Fuck me back, Mom!...Fuck hard!"

He needn't have urged her. His mother fucked him back like a bitch in
heat, thrusting her pussy up at him with driving lunges until his cock
was balls deep in her belly. Helen's tiny butt was squirming around like
crazy as she tried to get her son's monstrous cock into every tight
corner of her raging twat, every movement inspired by a lust to deep and
hot, that there was simply no describing it! She had become totally
dedicated to the pursuit of incestuous pleasure, and she knew by the way
her son was fucking her, that the lusty youth shared their new-found
pleasure with equal dedication.

Dennis jammed his cock into his mother's cunt hard and fast, immensely
excited by her frequent loud squeals of pleasure. He was like an untamed
young animal driven wild with lust. He reached out and grabbed his
mother's jiggling tits, kneading the firm, creamy mounds while he fucked
her. Helen was in seventh heaven as her son's lengthy cock slammed time
and time again into her frothy cunt, her heels locked together just
behind his ass as she twisted her pretty butt to and fro beneath him.

"Aggghhhhh!", she cried out as she felt the tip of his cock slam into
the very mouth of her womb. "Ugggghhh! Now you're fucking me, honey, now
you're really fucking momma's cunt! Oh, Christ you're big, son!...so
fucking big! Do it harder...harder! Deeper! I want your balls against my
asshole!"

He did exactly as he was told, fucking his mother as hard and as deep as
he possibly could. The look on her face excited him even more.

"Take it, Mom!" growled Dennis staring into her wide, shining eyes. 
"Take every fucking inch of it, right up your hot cunt! Uhhhh, what a
juicy twat!"

He looked down between their writhing bodies and watched his cock
slicing back and forth inside her clasping, furr-lined slit. The sight
inflamed him with such uncontrollable desire, that Dennis grabbed his
mother's slender hips and pulled her crotch hard against his own with
every stroke, stabbing his prick, into her cunt with even greater
force.  Helen arched her back and grunted out a steady stream of
obcenities as she felt her son's lunging cock penetrate her tortured
cunt-flesh to even more pleasurable depths.

Her wild, incestuous passions gathered quickly into a hard, throbbing
knot of tension deep in her belly and when she realized that she was on
the verge of orgasm, Helen pulled her son's head down to her jiggling
breasts and held him there.

"Oooooh, baby, fuck me! I'm coming!", she whimpered. "Suck my tits!
Unngghh! Yessss! Suck my tits and fuck my cunt! Make me come, you
gorgeous prick!"

Dennis sucked his her big tits into his mouth, biting and chewing the
hard, rosy nipples as his mother's cunt bucked violently up against his
pistoning cock. Although still a long way from his own climax, Dennis
did everything he could to increase his mother's pleasure. Lengthening
his cock-stabs, the boy began to grind his pubic bone against his
mother's clit, fucking her with all his might. Within seconds, she began
to shudder uncontrollably, her beautiful, athletic body stiffening under
him.

For Helen it was one of the best orgasms she had ever had.  Her son was
fucking her like an expert, and her climax seemed to last forever,
becoming stronger and stronger with each successive thrust of his
powerful young prick. Dennis was enthralled by the length and intensity
of his mother's orgasm. She thrashed from side to side, her head tossing
wildly and scream after scream erupted from her throat as the orgasm
seized her like a dog shaking a bone.

Dennis realized that his cock was producing a series of spasms deep
inside her. He could feel his mother's convulsing cunt-muscles clamp
tightly around his deeply buried prick as her pussy tried in vain to
milk the cum from his lust-swollen balls. Looking down at her, Dennis
felt proud that he could give his mother such intense sexual pleasure. 
He continued fucking her as she thrashed and tossed wildly underneath
him, not slowing for an instant until her movements became more languid
and she began going limp.

"Ohhhh, baby!", panted his mother. "That was one hell of a good fuck!"

"Glad you liked it, Mom," replied Dennis, flexing his still-hard cock
inside her cunt.

"I don't know where you learned to fuck like that, but I sure am happy
you did, honey!....I wish your father would fuck me like that more
often."

"I'm available any time, Mom!", Dennis said, grinning lewdly down at
her.

"Mmmmmmm, you sure are, sweetheart!", murmured his mother.  She felt his
young cock twitch powerfully in her belly and gasped; "Ohhhh, God,
Dennis!  You feel so good inside of me....so thick and hard and.... 
oooooooooohh!"  Dennis flexed his cock again, grinding the base against
his mother's clit.

"Ready for some more, Mom?"

"Ummmm, yes, yesssss pleeeeeease!", whimpered Helen, lifting her hips at
him in urgent need. "Fuck me again, baby!...Fuck me till I drop!"

But Dennis had other ideas, and to his mother's complete surprise, he
pulled his cock out of her tight cunt. It exited with a wet slurping
sound.

"Jesus, Dennis! What are you doing?", she whined.

"I want to finish sucking your pussy, Mom!", said Dennis, whirling
around to face her feet. "...why don't you suck on my prick at the same
time, okay?"

"Oh, you wonderful, darling! You must have read my mind!", moaned his
mother as she reached for his glistening cock. Dennis straddled his
mother's head with his knees, his own head between her widely stretched
thighs. He felt her warm fingers encircle his cock and her even warmer
lips caress the swollen head as she pulled it into her mouth, the tip of
her tongue probing the tiny
piss-slit.

As his mother began sucking gently on his cockhead, Dennis looked down
at her tightly stretched crotch, her gleaming pussy and puckered little
asshole laid out before him like a sexual smorgasbord. He stared with
wonder at his mother's recently fucked cunt. With her thighs spread so
far apart, Helen's furry cuntlips gaped lewdly open, revealing the
scarlet inner folds of her lust-swollen twat. Dennis could see that his
mother was wet....very, very wet, the juices from her recent orgasm
still seeping from deep within her musky cunt. Even as he watched,
moisture began to collect in the groove the bottom of her
luscious-looking gash. Dennis pulled the slippery lips of his  mother's
cunt further apart, and watched in awe as more and more of her pink,
glistening pussy appeared.

He could see her large, erect clit sticking out like a tiny penis at the
top of her slit and about three inches below that, the object of his
desire...her dark, inviting fuckhole. Dennis lowered his face between
his mother's wide-spread legs, feeling the steamy, smouldering heat
emanating from her crotch. Inches from her cunt, he stopped and breathed
in deeply through his nose. Dennis loved the smell of a hot cunt almost
as much as the taste...and his mother definitely smelled hot! It was the
scent of a woman eager for sex, and it made the young boy's stiff cock
throb with fuck-lust. With a groan, Dennis rammed his cock down between
his mother's sucking lips, at the same time plunging his face into the
torrid wetness of her gaping twat, and began to lick and suck just as
ravenously as he had earlier on, feasting incestuously once more on her
tasty, forbidden fruits.

Luckily, her son's groan of lust had warned Helen of his impending
lunge, and she had managed to get her mouth open wide enough to receive
the full length of his hard, young cock without too much pain. In fact,
her lips felt rather numb as they stretched tightly around the base of
the boy's thick pole. She raised her tongue and drew in her cheeks as
far as she could, sheathing his cock in hot, juicy flesh. Helen began to
suck hard and ravenously, enjoying the feel of her son's big cock deep
in her mouth. She loved the male taste of him...so young and clean and
fresh. It felt so wickedly exciting to be lying naked on a motel room
bed with her own son...sucking his cock while his long, stiff tongue
squirmed around in her cunt. Helen pulled her mouth off his prick for a
moment.

"Oooooh, honey, that feels so good!", she moaned. "I love a good tongue
in my cunt!...Yessssss, suck me, son! Suck your momma's hot, wet slit,
baby!"

As Helen's mouth returned to his prick, Dennis went to work, raking his
big fat tongue up and down between the tender, puffy lips of his
mother's juicy wet cunt. For a boy his age, he was good. He knew just
where to lick and how to do it. Helen gurgled with bliss, she couldn't
have wished for anything more pleasurable. Her mouth and throat were
filled with her son's hard, thick teenaged cock, and her cunt was filled
with his constantly wiggling tongue...what more could she ask for?

For a few seconds she thought of her husband, and felt sorry for him. 
Don was good in bed, and he nearly always satisfied her, but when they
made love it was usually the same old thing. Secretly, Helen felt that
it was her husband's uncreative attitude towards sex had cheated them
both of so much fun. She knew Don had always tried to please her, but in
fifteen years, he hadn't been able to give her the greatest pleasure of
all, the fulfilling joy of spontaneous, inventive sex. She was getting
that pleasure right now, from her uninhibited young son, and it felt
fantastic! However, if Helen could have seen what her husband was doing
at that very moment, she would have felt far from sorry for him.

Almost as soon as her brother and mother left that morning, Melissa had
begun to work on her father. She went to her room and selected the
tightest top and the briefest pair of shorts she could find, leaving the
bedroom door open while she changed, in the hope that her father might
see her changing if he happened by. Taking off her nightdress, Melissa
surveyed herself in the full-length mirror. She was going to make her
father notice her body. She may not have much hair on her cunt yet, but
in the last few days, she'd been fucked and sucked more times than any
of her young friends had in their whole lives!

She'd even fucked her own brother...and loved every second of it...the
forbidden excitement of it made her little cunt crawl with juicy wet
heat. Now, every inch of her incestuously aroused young body ached for
her strong, handsome father to do the same deliciously dirty things that
her brother had done to her. All it would take was to give him a taste
of what he was missing out on, and, as she gazed at her naked reflection
in the mirror, Melissa was sure that her voluptuous body could arouse
her father sexually...the rest would be easy.

Melissa slid her hands proudly over her firm, budding tits, squeezing
the tender, rosy nipples until they became erect with excitement. Her
little pink cuntslit glistened with adolescent desire as the youngster
pictured her father standing naked before her, his big cock hard and
erect.

With a low moan, Melissa dropped a hand to her hairless crotch and began
to rub her hot, wet little gash with increasing vigour. As her fingers
stroked and teased her throbbing clit, Melissa found that the pleasure
was so intense, she could hardly stand up. She fell onto the bed, her
thighs wide open and her fingers working rapidly in her drooling
snatch.  Closing her eyes tight, Melissa tried to imagine that her
father was doing the job on her cunt that her fingers were performing.
She writhed and twisted on the bed, moaning softly and arching her back
as she had done when Dennis had stabbed his big, stiff prick deep into
her cunt.  But this time it wasn't her brother's cock that Melissa
pictured in her mind, it was her father's!

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh!", she moaned, feeling her pussy contract and her tiny,
muscular fuckhole dilate as her probing fingers rubbed and pinched the
juicy, elastic folds of her hot little gash.

"Uhhhggghhh!  Ummmmmmmmmm!  Ooooooooohhh!"  She needed a fuck badly! 
She wanted to feel a cock inside her again, and the cock she wanted most
of all right now belonged to her father! "Oh, Daddy! Give me your big,
hard prick", she moaned. "Fuck me!  Fuck me please!"

With wracking spasms the horny little fourteen-year-old quivered in
orgasm. It felt so good, she almost cried out aloud! Still not
satisfied, Melissa continued to massage her clit until she exploded
again, pumping her hot little ass up into the air as she jerked with
juvenile delight. "Uhhh! Uhhhhh! Uhhhhhgghghhhh! Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!  Oh,
Fuck, Daddddddddy!"

Melissa collapsed limply onto the bed, quivering. Masturbation wasn't
exactly what she needed, but it would have to do for the moment. 
Lazily, she brought one hand up to her mouth and sucked her glistening
fingers, imagining it was her father's cock. The very thought made her
cunt tingle with desire once more. "Oh, God! I just can't seem to get
enough!", she thought with a twinge of guilt. But the guilt vanished as
suddenly as it had appeared, replaced instead by the emotion that had
caused it...adolescent lust!

She looked at the open door and wondered if her father had seen her. 
"No, probably not. Otherwise I would have noticed him." she mused. 
Getting up, she pulled on her robe and headed for the bathroom.

But, Melissa was wrong! Her father HAD seen her. She had been so totally
engrossed in her wanton self-gratification to notice his presence in the
doorway. Don had been heading for the bathroom himself when he heard low
moans coming from his daughters room. He poked his head around the door
and nearly choked at what he saw.  His pretty daughter was naked on her
bed, writhing and moaning with obvious pleasure as she shamelessly
masturbated. Don's first impulse was to leave quietly, in case she saw
him. But, as he watched his daughter's stiff fingers stabbing deeply in
and out of her lust-swollen little pussy, he became glued to the spot. 
After all he was a man...and being a normal sort of guy, a naked,
aroused pussy interested him, no matter whose it was...even his pretty
fourteen-year-old daughter's.

He was suddenly, graphically aware that his daughter wasn't a little
girl any more, she was a young woman, and from the frenzied way she was
bringing herself off, a highly sexed young woman at that! With a
father's jealousy, he suddenly wondered who had gotten into her pants
first, because he could see by the depth of her finger-plunges that his
little daughter was no chaste virgin anymore. His cock began to swell in
his pants, and the guilt of what he was doing suddenly flooded back.  He
felt ashamed to be spying on his own daughter, invading her privacy...
but the sight of her lithe young body in the throes of ecstasy was so
stimulating, Don couldn't move. His eyes were fixed on his daughter's
delicious-looking tits and squirming little cunt.

His hand dropped automatically to the large bulge in his pants, and as
he watched his sexy daughter finger-fuck herself to orgasm, Don rubbed
his cock, leering like a dirty old man at this sexy teenage kid whom he
loved. He watched her for several minutes before the fear of discovery
finally made him retreat back to the living room. His cock was
rock-hard. How he wished Helen was home, he needed a fuck badly.
Watching his daughter masturbate had turned him on something fierce, and
he felt guilty. It was wrong to feel sexually attracted to your own
daughter, he thought. But the sight of her tightly-stretched little cunt
was burned into his brain, and the more Don thought about her the more
frustrated he became. He sat down and tried to watch TV, hoping his
hard-on would deflate before she came out. He certainly didn't want his
daughter to see him like this!

A couple of minutes later, Melissa came out of the bathroom and noticed
her father sitting on the sofa. "Show time!", she thought with a smile. 
She walked casually into the living room and flopped into an armchair
directly opposite him, and pretended to dry her hair with a large fluffy
towel.

"What are you watching, Dad?", asked Melissa, trying to sound as
nonchalant as possible. Her robe hung wide open giving her father a good
view of her pointy little tits. They thrust forwards, jiggling saucily
as she moved her arms.

"Um...er...nothing much, honey!", muttered Don, trying unsuccessfully
not to stare at his daughter's exposed tits. Melissa peeked furtively
from under the towel and could see that her father was interested. 
Without letting him see that she was watching him, Melissa sat back and
slowly opened her legs.

Don stared between his daughter's parted thighs, her naked cuntmound
clearly visible under the short robe. He licked his lips, which had
become suddenly dry, and checked to see if she noticed he was watching. 
Melissa was pretending to watch the TV as she dried her hair, her head
turned away from her father and hidden by the towel. Don's eyes returned
eagerly to Melissa's naked crotch and his prick began to rise alarmingly
in his pants as he gazed at his daughter's pussy. If he didn't miss his
guess, she was wet down there too, the glint of moisture along her tiny
cuntslit betraying her arousal. Don suddenly found himself wondered
again how she had discovered the pleasures of her beautiful young body. 
Kids matured early these days, he thought, she's probably been
masturbating for years, no doubt fucking boys too!

The very thought of his fourteen-year-old daughter engaged in sex, sent
strange, unnatural thrills up and down Don's spine. He rubbed the front
of his shorts to relieve the swelling tension in his groin, but his cock
continued to grow. Although Don knew that the incestuous thoughts which
filled his brain were sick and immoral, he was also a man...and if his
sudden interest in his daughter's naked body was anything to go on, he
was a man first and a father second. He couldn't deny it...his basic
male instincts had got the better of him, and daughter or not, his cock
betrayed his true feelings.

"Nice view, huh, Daddy!", said Melissa suddenly.

Don flicked his eyes up to her face with a startled expression, but his
daughter was still looking at the TV.

"Er...what, sweetheart?", he asked, turning beet-red with embarrassment.

"The view from the top of Mt Everest, silly!", giggled Melissa pointing
at the alpine scene on the TV. "Beautiful, isn't it?"

"Yeah, baby..." replied Don, returning his gaze to his daughter's
shamelessly exposed little tits and crotch.  "...real pretty!"

From the bulge in his pants, Melissa guessed correctly that she was
turning her father on. If only she could feel how hard his cock was
getting, she'd be sure of her effect on him. Her young calculating mind
quickly formulated a plan.

"How's that contract you've been working, Daddy?", she asked innocently.
"You've been working on it for weeks now."

"It's in the bag, honey," he said wryly, happy for a chance to get his
mind of his daughter's luscious body. "Not only that, they seem positive
that I'll make senior vice president next year."

"Oh, Daddy!  Wow!  How super!", squealed Melissa bouncing to her feet.

She climbed onto his lap with her knees straddling his hips and gave her
father a big hug. The movement caused her short robe to bunch up around
her slim young hips, and placed her naked crotch directly against the
lump in her father's pants. Don hugged his daughter for a second until
he felt the damp heat from her naked pussy permeate his crotch.  It was
hard for him to push her away. The pressure of her hard little tits
against his chest and the provocative heat emanating from her cunt was
almost too much for him. But push her away he did.

"I think you'd better get down now, Mel," he gasped, trying to hide from
his young daughter, the fact that he had a raging hard-on.

"Not now, Daddy," she pleaded. "Let's just sit here and talk like we
used to when I was younger. We don't do that any more, do we?"

"No, baby, we don't," said Don a little uneasily. "But you're too big
for this sort of thing now."

Try as he might, Don couldn't restrain his traitorous prick from
swelling between his thighs. Crazy, incestuous urges filled his brain as
he stared down at his daughter's naked little titties.


"What do you mean, Daddy?", asked Melissa, giving her father the most
innocent look she could muster. At the same time she pressed her crotch
against the hard swelling in his groin, enjoying the contact of her
father's swollen prick against her pussy, even if the rough material of
his pants did separate them.

Don choked back a gasp of pleasure as he felt his daughter wiggle her
soft, naked little cunt-mound against his throbbing erection.

"Ohhh, don't do that Mel, honey!", he groaned. "You don't know what
you're doing to me!"

Melissa knew exactly what she was doing to him. She could tell by the
feel of her father's huge cock as it swelled mightily against her
rapidly moistening little pussy.

"What's wrong, Daddy?", asked Melissa, beginning to squirm her searing
snatch over her father's rock-hard prick. "Why are you shaking?"

"You're doing things to me, baby...", gasped Don. "...things a daughter
shouldn't do to her father."

"What kind of things? Are you getting excited, Daddy?", she asked
frankly.

Don moaned, and to Melissa's surprise and pleasure, involuntarily
hunched up against the insistent pressure of her hot little cunt.

"Ooooooh, Daddy, you've got a hard-on!", giggled his daughter, rubbing
herself shamelessly over his cock-bulge.

"You're a beautiful, sexy girl, baby," he said. "You've got no right to
torture your father like this!

"Am I torturing you, Daddy?", said Melissa smiling up seductively into
her father's eyes.

"Yes, you are sweetheart, more than you could ever know." gulped Don,
unable to keep his eyes off his daughter's exposed little tits.

Melissa got up off her father's lap and stood before him, posing like a
model.

"You like looking at my boobs, don't you, Daddy?"

"They're gorgeous, honey, absolutely gorgeous," breathed Don, his last
ounce of will-power slipping rapidly.

"Would you like to see more?", she asked doing a sexy little pirouette
in front of him.

Before he could answer, Melissa slowly opened her robe, watching with
satisfaction as her father made no move to stop her. She could see the
lust in his eyes as he stared at her tiny, conical tits...and she loved
it. Melissa took off her robe completely, at the same time spreading her
skinny young legs wide apart. Don's eyes devoured every inch of his
daughter's creamy, naked flesh as it appeared before him.

"Ohhhhh, baby!!!", he groaned, as Melissa's thinly gaping little slit
appeared, poking sexily at him from between her sensuously parted young
thighs.

Melissa smiled, recognizing the unmistakable look of lust on her
father's face as he devoured her nubile young body with his dark
smouldering eyes.

"This is wrong, honey!", said Don with one last pang of guilt. "You
shouldn't show yourself to me like this."

But Melissa could see that her father's eyes and cock betrayed his true
feelings.

"Oh, Daddy!", she giggled.  "There's nothing wrong with looking."

Even though he knew deep down that there was a lot wrong with it, at
least from a moral point of view, he couldn't resist the erotic
magnetism of his daughter's adolescent young body.

"I guess there isn't," he breathed.

Before Don knew what was happening his daughter was parading around in
front of him like some exotic stripper. Wiggling her tits and bending
over to show him her bare bottom. The pink, glistening slit of her young
cunt was framed beautifully by the tiny cheeks of her perfect little
ass.

"Do you like my body, Daddy?", asked Melissa, posing lewdly in front of
him. "Am I pretty?"

"G...God, yes!", gasped her father. "You've got a dynamite body,
baby...pretty enough to turn any man on!"

"Do I turn you on, Daddy?", whispered Melissa, stepping close to her
father.

"Ohhh, God!  Heaven help me, yes, baby!  Yesssss!", he blurted, pulling
her toward him.

Melissa groaned with pleasure. Finally, it was going to happen, she
thought, her handsome father wanted her as much as she wanted him.

"You can touch me, Daddy, if you want to," she said, offering herself
totally to him. Her father's hands caressed her aching flesh, and his
mouth covered her heaving breasts with hot kisses. She held him tightly
to her.

"Love me, Daddy," she sighed eagerly.  "Yes, Daddy, love me now!"

As her father's tongue swept over her nipples, Melissa felt them become
suddenly ultra-sensitive. She forced them into his mouth, first one,
then the other, moaning loudly as he sucked the hard, pink little buds
till they were fully erect. His mouth on her tits felt great, but
Melissa wanted more. She longed for his hand on her moistening cunt, she
wanted her father to feel how hot and wet he had made her...how ready
she was for him!

"Ohhh, God!  Touch me, Daddy!", she groaned, grabbing his hand and
pushing it into her hairless twat.

Don gasped as two fingers slid easily into the hot, slimy wetness of his
daughter's moist slit. She was extremely tight, and by the way she began
frantically hunching her little hips against his hand, Don knew he would
be in for the fuck of his life once he got his cock inside that eager
little fuckhole. The idea of sex with his daughter no longer filled him
with guilt. She obviously wanted it as much as he did, and the more he
thought about the prospect of fucking her tight little-girl cunt, the
more excited he became.

"Mmmmmmmm, you like that, don't you, Mel?", he asked, shoving his
fingers deep up into her plump, hairless young gash. "You like having
Daddy's fingers in your hot little pussy, don't you, babe?"

"Ummmmmmmmmmmm! Oh Yesssss, I love it! Oooooooooooooh!", whimpered
Melissa, rotating her slim ass around on her father's deeply imbedded
fingers. "Your fingers feel so good in my cunt, Daddy!!!"

"Yeah, I bet they do!", Don whispered, twisting his fingers round and
round inside his little daughter's drooling gash. His other hand fondled
her firm round little tits and butt. "...but I bet you'd rather have
something else stuck up your tight little hole, wouldn't you, honey?"

Melissa was gasping so much, she could only nod her head. Every moment
the excited little fourteen-year-old was becoming more and more turned
on. Her father's expertly jabbing fingers were sending her into orbit!

"Tell Daddy, sweetheart!", groaned Don, urging her to say more. He
kissed his daughter's belly button. "Tell me what you'd like in your
little cunt instead of my fingers, baby!" Don stared up at her, excited
by the look of adolescent lust in her firey young eyes.

"Your cock, Daddy!", hissed Melissa. "I want your big, long, hairy cock
fucking the shit out of my cunt!"

His daughter's deliciously depraved words of encouragement were like
music to Don's ears.

"Yeahhhh!  That's the way I like to hear my little girl talk!...what
else, baby?", said her father, his voice trembling with lust.

"Oh, God, you can do anything you want to me, Daddy...anything!"

"I intend to, sweetheart!", he told her with a grin. "But you have to
ask your father nicely, like a good little girl."

"Oooooooh, Daddy!  I want you to put your tongue in my pussy and lick
me...please!", whimpered the girl. Don pulled his fingers out of his
daughter's slippery little cunthole and lifted one of her legs up onto
the arm of the sofa beside him.

With a swift, easy motion he reached up under her crotch and grasped her
little butt...one tiny asscheek in each palm.

"You mean like this?", he growled, pulling his daughter's juicy snatch
against his hungry mouth.

Melissa sucked in her breath as if she'd been doused with cold water. 
The sudden exquisite contact of her father's lips on her overheated cunt
was almost unbearable. She felt his hot mouth close over her drooling
slit.

"Yes! Yes! Oh, Daddy! Oh, fuck, yesssssssssss!", she squealed.

Don onto the girl tightly as Melissa squirmed her hairless little twat
against his unshaven face. His whiskers tickling her tender flesh made
it all the more exciting for her. His daughter's cunt tasted delicious,
and as fast as Don sucked and licked her musky juices, more and more
seemed to form, running freely into his greedy mouth.

Melissa's tiny rump writhed and twisted in her father's hands, as she
rubbed her little cunt eagerly against his slurping lips, her frequent
whimpers of ecstasy, a testament to the youngster's obviously total
enjoyment. As his tongue flicked back and forth, Don noted with delight
that his daughter shared her mother's fondness for having her twat
sucked. He suddenly thought of his wife and wondered what Helen would do
if she came home right now and caught them like this. He knew she would
probably kill them both, but he was so excited that in his mind's eye he
pictured Helen pulling out his cock and sucking him off while he licked
Melissa's succulent young snatch to orgasm.

With his head bent and his body hunched over to get at her pussy, Don
suddenly found it hard to concentrate on giving his daughter the suck
she deserved. His neck began to ache unbearably, so, at the risk of
disappointing her, Don pulled his mouth from her wet cunt and lowered
his naked daughter gently to the couch beside him.

"What are you doing, Daddy?", she asked.

"Just making us nice and comfortable, sweetheart! So I can suck your
tasty little cunt properly....Open your legs for Daddy, baby!"

Melissa lay on her back and spread her thighs wide as her father crawled
in between them.

"Hurry up, Dad!", she said impatiently. "Get your mouth back on my
pussy. I need to come with your tongue on my clit!"

"You sure are one hot little piece of ass, ain't you baby?", chuckled
her father. "I wish your mother was half as horny as you are...and half
as tasty!" Don looked down at his daughter's tightly-stretched little
gash, and licked his lips hungrily.

"God, what a beautiful little cunt you've got, Mel!", breathed her
father.

He stared lewdly at his daughter's tiny moisture lined slit. The puffy,
pink lips were hardly open, even with her long slender legs spread so
far apart. Don moaned deep in his throat.

"Jesus, that looks so fuckin' good!...Ummmmmm....Daddy's gonna suck your
hot little pussy 'til you're clean as a whistle, baby!...And then
some...."

"Ohhh, Daddy! You say such deliciously dirty things to me, it makes my
cunt twitch!"

"It's my tongue that's is gonna make your little cunt twitch, babydoll!

"Ooooooh Daddy! I can't wait! Do it!  Do it!", chanted Melissa, lifting
her little behind suggestively up off the couch, squeezing her hard tits
at the same time with both hands.

Don reached under his daughter's cute ass and getting a firm grip on her
creamy buttocks, lowered his face once more into her quivering crotch. 
She felt his hot tongue part her taut cuntlips and slither deliciously
inside.

"Ohhhh! Yes! Yessss! Now, suck me, Daddy! Suck me hard and I'll cream in
your mouth!...Ooooh, yeah! Eat me, Dad! Just like you do with Mom!"

Spurred on by her shameless encouragement, Don found his daughter's clit
and sucked the hard little bud deep into his mouth, flicking it
repeatedly with the tip of his tongue. Melissa almost screamed with the
intense pleasure her father's mouth was producing in her cunt.  Her hips
bucked up against his face, her ass rotating in tiny, sensuous circles
as she mashed her bony little twat against his suctioning mouth.

"Eat me, Daddy!  Eat my pussy!", she whimpered. "Don't stop!  Don't ever
stop!...I love it!...Oh, God, do I ever love it!"

Don licked his daughter's juicy, pink slit like an animal, excited
beyond belief at the way she was reacting to his mouth job. She may be
only fourteen but her little cunt was quivering and drooling just like
her mother's always did when she became exceedingly horny. "Like mother
like daughter", he thought happily. Oily cunt-juice soaked his chin, his
lips, his cheeks. Her thighs and pussy were smeared with thick, gooey
slime, but still Melissa humped her saturated little pussy back and
forth against her father's face. Her cunt was wide open, the
sweet-smelling teenaged slit oozing and gaping into his sucking mouth.

Don lifted his daughter's hips up off the couch and pressed his face
into her hairless little snatch as hard as he could, burying his tongue
between her slippery cuntlips, sucking out her tasty juices. Melissa was
writhing against her father's face as he tongue-fucked her, moaning and
holding him by the hair. Don's dick was very hard, and the thought of
plowing it deep inside his horny little daughter was almost too much.
Her twat felt so tiny! His tongue was being squeezed so tightly by her
cunt-muscles that Don wasn't sure that his big cock would fit into his
daughter's tiny little hole without giving her a lot of pain. Even so he
was very anxious to fuck her. Don concentrated on giving her as much
pleasure as possible so that she would come quickly and he could then
screw her with his rock-hard cock.

He could sense that the flavour of her pussy was changing. She was
moving higher, reaching one plateau after another in her quest for
womanly fulfillment. Don knew at once that his hot little daughter was
rapidly approaching orgasm. He lifted her slender young legs up over his
shoulders, and nuzzled his face into her upthrust cunt with renewed
vigour. Melissa could feel her father's bristly chin digging into the
softness of her vaginal membranes as his long, stiff tongue delved
piston-like into her pubescent depths. Then, as Don began to suck and
lick her budding little clit, Melissa cried out, almost beside herself
with lust. She held his shaggy head with both hands and squealed with
pleasure as her father dragged his tongue up through her slit from
asshole to clit and back again.

"Unnnnnnghhhh! Lick me, Daddy! Oh, God, yessss! Lick me that way. 
Jesus, what a tongue!...Oh, Daddy I think you're gonna make come! 
Uhhhhhhhh!"

Her words spurring him on, Don redoubled his efforts, trying to drive
his tongue to the hilt inside her steamy tightness. Her high-pitched
voice rang in his ears, reminding him for a second that in the eyes of
the law, she was a child...his child! But the way she was responding,
the pressure of her hands on the back of his head, and the shameless
sounds of passion bubbling from her lips, made Don forget all that.  She
tasted like a woman now, and the heavy, spicy flavour of cunt filled his
mouth and tempted his palate.

Melissa came like a rocket, her ass thrashing and writhing, her lithe
and graceful body undulating wildly over the surface of the couch. Her
head was twisting violently from side to side as her hips rotated
drunkenly in an attempt to bring her spasming cunt into even more
intimate contact with her father's slurping mouth. Melissa's ecstatic
sobs grew louder and more desperate, and at one stage they became so
loud that Don feared his daughter's wanton cries of ecstasy would be
heard by the whole street.

"Ahhhhhhhhhggggghh! Dadddddy! Fuck! Oh, God! Oh, God, Fuck!
Yessssssssss!"

Don sucked her clit hard, surprised at the intensity of his daughter's
orgasm. After all, she was only fourteen! But the way she climaxed told
Don that despite her tender years, the girl was sexually mature. Spasm
after spasm rocked Melissa's slender frame.

She was bucking around so violently at one stage, that Don had great
difficulty in keeping his mouth clamped tightly over her pulsating
little cunt. Until finally she gave one last lunge that just about
snapped her father's neck. Then she sank back onto the couch exhausted. 
Even after his daughter had stopped squirming, Don continued to eat her,
sucking out the last drops of her sweet, oily nectar into his thirsty
mouth. He couldn't take his mouth off her. Melissa sighed deeply and let
her thighs fall wide open, just lying there, content to let her
wonderful father gently lick her quivering genitals. Her moans became
softer and softer, but occasionally her pussy would give a little quiver
as his tongue touched her erect clit. Don finally raised his greasy face
from his daughter's cunt and grinned at her.

"Did you like that, baby?", he asked hoarsely. "Did you enjoy having
your sweet little cunt sucked?" Melissa gazed up at her father with a
dazed look on her pretty face. She was still trying to recover from her
climax.

"Ummmmmm! I loved it, Daddy!", she said finally, raising herself up onto
her elbows. "Couldn't you tell?"

"I sure could, sweetheart.", laughed Don, stroking his fingers up and
down the length of his hard, thick cock. "I loved it too!  But look at
what you did to me, you naughty little girl!"

Melissa stared at her father's massive erection with wide eyes. Up to
this point, all she'd thought about was her own pleasure. She'd been
carried away with all the sweet sensations running through her. But what
about her father? By the size and hardness of his cock, he must have
been getting more and more excited the whole time. And now he needed
relief too.

"Do you want to fuck me now, Daddy!", Melissa asked frankly, reaching
for her father's prick. A gasp of delight escaped her lips as she felt
how big and hard it was.

"Oh, yeah!  I can't wait to fuck you, baby!", admitted Don  "Sucking
your juicy little cunt has made my cock all hot and hard!"

"Mmmmmm, it's hard alright, Daddy!", giggled Melissa, wrapping both tiny
hands
around her father's huge prick. "....and so BIIIIIIIG"

Her father's huge erection was so thick the little girl couldn't get her
fingers completely around it. To Melissa, her Daddy's long, hard cock
looked to be three inches across and a foot long...but she was
determined to take all of it!

Don saw the look of lust in his daughter's eyes. She was definitely
hungry for his cock, and he was only too glad to be on the receiving end
of her hot, adolescent hunger.

"It's all your's, baby doll!", he said, standing up. "But it's our first
time, and I want to fuck you properly, sweetheart. Let's get into bed
where we can really fuck up a storm!"

Don led his daughter to the master bedroom and sprawled out on the huge
waterbed.

"Ummmmm, there's nothing like fucking on a waterbed!", said her father,
smiling broadly. "You're in for a real experience, honey!"

Melissa watched her father as he stroked his dick, wondering what he
would say if he knew that she had already been fucked on this very bed,
just the day before....by her own brother. She smiled down at her father
sweetly, eyeing off his huge erection with hunger in her eyes.

"Can I be on top, Daddy?", she giggled, scrambling quickly onto the bed.

"Mmmmmmm, you sure learn fast, don't you, Princess!", grinned her
father.

Melissa trembled with excitement. Her father hadn't called her
"Princess" in years. It was time she showed him that she was no longer
his virginal little girl anymore. She felt mature...a young woman. A
young woman who had only recently been initiated into the delights of
adult sex, and loved every second of it. Since yesterday, she'd had a
deep hunger in her hot little pussy, a hunger so intense that she found
it hard to think of anything else but sex. Now she was determined that
her big, strong, handsome father would satisfy that hunger and make her
into a real woman, like her mother.

"C'mere baby," said Don, grabbing his little girl by the waist. He
pulled her on top of him, thrilling to the exquisite sensation of her
warm, naked young body against his own.

Melissa gave a small whimper of lust, her firm, conical titties bouncing
cutely as she eagerly straddled her father's erect prick.  As her Daddy
held her in place the little girl squatted above him, grasping his huge
erect cock in her fingers as she began rubbing the bloated tip through
the hot, juicy wetness of her tiny cunt. She loved the feeling of
expectation as her Daddy's long, thick prick slithered up and down in
her hairless slit, and soon, low moans of delight escaped her pretty
young lips as she probed and teased her hard little clit with it,
pressing it into her cunthole until Don's whole cock was covered with
her slippery juices.

"Come on, Mel...", he gasped loudly, "...put it in!  My cock is dying
for your tight young pussy!"

"Ohh, yes Daddy!", panted Melissa, positioning her father's fat cockhead
between her tiny pink cuntlips, "I want your cock in my cunt, too!"

Don grabbed his young daughter's squirming asscheeks and thrust his hips
upwards at the same time as melissa bore down on him, impaling herself
on his throbbing organ. The hot, little fourteen-year-old squealed with
pleasure as her father's lust-hardened cock entered her cunt, filling
her tight little hole with more hot cockmeat than the young girl had
ever experienced in her entire life!

"OHHHHH! DADDY!", she screamed, "FUCK, BUT YOU'RE HUGE!!....JESUS!!!!"

Melissa moaned with a mixture of pain and pleasure as she felt the rigid
thickness of her father's long prick stretching and penetrating her
tight young cunt until finally he was buried inside her to the hilt, his
hairy balls resting on her tiny, puckered little asshole.

"Ahhhrrrrhh!  Shit, that's tight pussy!", groaned Don as Melissa began
to wiggle her hot little cunt on his deeply imbedded cock.

Melissa felt every ridge and vein of her father's prick scraping against
the wet, slippery walls of her snatch as Don began to move his cock
inside her. He reached up and pulled her tiny boobs into his mouth,
squeezing and sucking them hard. Melissa was so hot, she hardly even
felt it, her ass was bouncing up and down, slamming her pussy onto her
Daddy's big, fucking prick as hard as she could. Don sucked her little
pink tits into his mouth, his hands gripping her firm young ass real
hard, guiding her tight, clasping cunt up and down over his stabbing
cock.

"Jesus, Mel!", moaned her father, "Fuck, but you're tight, honey!"

Melissa hardly heard him. She was wrapped around her father's slim,
muscular body like a boa-constrictor, her sweet round ass was bobbing
and weaving wildly over his cock as Don rammed the huge, pole of
fuck-muscle deep into her tight, young cunt. Her legs were spread wide
apart so as to get more of Don's hard prick into her hungry hole, her
cute, little pink anus opening and closing each time she raised and
lowered her hips.

"Ohhhh, Jeez!", gasped Melissa, grinding her pink swollen cuntlips down
over her father's cock, "I love it! I love it, Daddy!"

Don knew she was close to orgasm, just by the way her hips writhed and
squirmed onto his cock. Her cunt was so wet that his cock made loud
squelching sounds each time it slammed into her juicy little fuckhole.

"Tell me, baby!", he breathed, "I want to hear you say it! Tell me
exactly what you want me to do!"

"Oooooh, God! I want you to screw me, Daddy! I want you to fuck your
big, fat cock up into my pussy and make me cum!"

Don smiled up at his highly aroused little daughter.

"I'll do better than that!", he replied, "I'll fuck you till you cum,
then fuck you some more...sweetheart! Shit, Daddy's gonna fuck your
tight little twat 'til you can't cum any more!"

Melissa squealed with delight and bounced her young cunt up and down on
her Daddy's cock, really fucking up a storm. In no time at all, the
naked young girl was cumming like a rocket, twisting and bobbing and
squirming her little bald cunt up and down on her Daddy's stiff cock
like a cowgirl riding a bucking bronco.

Don desperately held back his own orgasm as his daughter rode him
through her peak and down the other side. A smile creased Melissa's
pretty little face as she soon realized that her Daddy hadn't cum yet. 
His big wonderful cock remained erect and throbbing inside her snug
little snatch!

"Mmmmmmmmmm!", moaned Melissa, grinding her tiny bulging cunt down over
her Daddy's prick. "You're still so big and hard! Fuck me again,
Daddy...ooh, please fuck me again!!"

"Uhhhh, you hot, sexy little cunt!", groaned Don. "Can't get enough of
my cock can you baby?"

"No, Daddy!  It feels so good when you fuck me!"

Don had rolled her off him onto her back, and quickly got between her
skinny young legs, ramming his hard, gleaming prick back into her gaping
pussy before she had time to even take a breath. His hands were on her
tiny tits as he fucked her, grasping the twin conical mounds strongly as
he thrust his cock into her tight, heaving cunt, pounding the hot,
little fourteen-year-old with everything he had.

"Ahhhhhh! G....God, Daddddy! f...uhhh...fuck! It's going in me sooo
deeeep!", Melissa whimpered, spreading her little thighs wide apart.

"Ohhh, yeahhhh! Move your ass up and down, Mel. Uuunngghh!  Jesus what a
hot, tight little cunt!  Lift those hips, for Daddy, sweetheart...fuck
me back!" grunted Don, staring down at her.

His cock never missed a beat as it slid in and out of Melissa's clinging
little cunthole like a hot, greased piston. With a moan, the girl began
grinding her clit up against the base of her father's thrusting prick. 
Her big, handsome Daddy was fucking her so beautifully, she knew she was
going to cum again any second.  Her young mind filled with lustfully
depraved fantasies as she rapidly approached another mind-blowing
orgasm.

If one cock could give her so much pleasure, she figured that two must
be twice as good. She pictured her father and her brother fucking her
together filling her with their big long cocks, fucking her powerfully,
one after the other until she fainted from the sheer pleasure of it
all.  Melissa clung to her father's pounding body like a leech as a
massive climax rocked her young adolescent cunt. His steel-hard prick
continued to plow into her spasming hole even after she came, sending
her over the edge once more, and Melissa screamed as wave after wave of
intense ecstasy engulfed her quivering little body...again and again and
again.

"OOOOOOHHH! FUCK ME, DADDY!!...FUCK ME HARD!..JESUS, I'M CUMMMMMMMING!"

Don felt Melissa's hairless little pussy twitch around his cock as she
came real hard, her cunt muscles squeezing his prick in a tight, hot
grip until her powerful contractions finally faded. He smiled down at
her again, thankful for once that he WASN'T fifteen years younger. His
age and experience combined with the speed with which Melissa reached
orgasm meant that at this rate his erection could last for hours. He was
in seventh heaven! His sexy young daughter had the hottest, tightest
cunt he'd ever had the pleasure of slipping his cock into, and Don
wasn't about to give up until he'd fucked the hot little
fourteen-year-old senseless!

Don rolled the panting girl onto her side. Melissa was still limp from
the series of intense orgasms she had just experienced. He rolled her
further over onto her belly and lifted her hips up until she was
kneeling with her back to him, her face pressed into the bed, and her
cute little ass stuck up into the air like a bitch in heat.

Her hairless little mound was rosy and swollen, and stood out like a
ripe succulent peach, the gaping pink slit of her tiny cunt glistening
wetly with her young juices. It looked so wet and juicy, Don couldn't
resist a quick taste. He lowered his head and gave the little glistening
slit an open-mouthed tongue kiss  Melissa gasped as her father's stiff
tongue sliced tongue up through her young slit, parting her hairless
little cuntlips like a hot knife through butter.

"Ooooooh, Daddy!", she squealed. "That's so naughty and dirty!...But it
feels so good! Mmmmmmm, yeah, lick my cunt...fuck me with your tongue
Daddy!"

Don held onto his daughter's skinny little asscheeks as he licked and
sucked at her drooling cunt, sticking his tongue as far up into her
tight creamy little hole as he could get it. She tasted different now
that he'd fucked her and she'd cum a couple of times. Her flavour was
more mature, more aromatic...much like his wife's cunt tasted on the
rare occasions he went down on her. Don made a mental note to do it more
often after this. Licking out his delicious little daughter had given
him a real taste for pussy.

Melissa came again as her father slurped and sucked on her plump little
twat. She pressed her ass back against his mouth and spread her legs
wide, grinding her gaping slit all over her Daddy's glistening face. 
Don licked up every drop of Melissa's spendings and gave her cunt a
final loving kiss before raising his body to kneel behind her, his cock
aimed at her cute little ass. She was so small that his prick lined up
not with her pussy-slit, but with her sweet young anus.

As his cockhead nudged the puckered pink orifice, Don wondered for a
second what it would be like to fuck his little daughter's tight, virgin
asshole. But he dismissed the thought instantly. Now was not the right
time. He didn't want to hurt her, he wanted to show her how much
pleasure he could give her. He wanted her to enjoy being fucked by her
Daddy so much, she'd come back, again and again, for more.

Don pressed the head of his prick down between his daughter's legs and
rubbed it up and down her glistening, pink cuntslit. Melissa was
incredibly aroused after having her Daddy lick and suck her tender young
pussy to orgasm. She moaned and wiggled her ass with pleasure and quite
by accident her father's cock-knob slid up between the creamy cheeks of
her little ass. Melissa suddenly came out of her stupor and realized how
vunerable she was in this position, her Daddy's big cock was in the
wrong place! It was nudging at the entrance of her other hole.

"Daddy!!  What are you gonna do?", cried Melissa with alarm.

Realizing what she meant, Don laughed, trying to reassure her.

"Don't worry baby!  I'm not gonna backdoor you just yet!...  Trust me!"

As tempting as her puckered young anus was, Don wanted to keep that
pleasure for later. Right now, he was eager for more of his hot little
daughter's teenage cunt....this time from a different angle. He knelt
behind her and spread Melissa's thighs apart, slipping his cock easily
into her juicy cuntslit from behind. Gripping her around the waist, Don
thrust forward, pulling her against him as he rammed his cock-shaft
savagely into her slippery hole. Melissa's eyes rolled back into her
head as the massive shaft of her father's hard fuck-muscle penetrated
her little hole to the hilt.

"Ohhhh, Jesus, God!", screamed Melissa as she felt her father's fat
cockhead slam against her tiny cervix. "God, it's in deep!...and it
feels so much bigger this way...Uhhhhhhhh, Daddy, Fuck me!...Fuck me
like a dog!....Ummmm!  Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"

Don looked down and watched his squealing daughter's hot cunt swallow
his big prick. It looked so deliciously depraved, a cock that size
disappearing into such a tiny little slit. Her hairless cuntlips gripped
his prick like a vice, pulling out around the shiny shaft as he pulled
out, only to be forced back inside her body as he plunged back into
her.  If she hadn't been so wet, he would have hurt her badly, he was
sure.  As it was, the pressure of her compact little cunt around his
prick made his balls ache.


Melissa looked up between her legs. She had a pretty good view of their
meshed organs and, like her father, was avidly watching his cock slide
in and out of her pussy. Her cuntlips seemed to envelop her Daddy's
thick stalk like a juicy, pink mouth, and even from her upsidedown
perspective, the sight was an incredible turn-on for the young girl. 
His cockhead poked at the very deepest part of her pussy, and she felt
his bristling pubic hairs tickle the lips of her hairless little pussy
with every powerful thrust of her father's hips.

As she watched his adult cock slide in and out of her pubescent cunt,
Melissa still could scarcely believe that her tiny hole was actually
taking all of her Daddy's huge, fearsome organ. But, there it was, right
in front of her...well, right in back of her really, but she had an
excellent view....her Daddy's long, hard prick buried to the hilt inside
her little pussy. Melissa thought she could actually see her flat young
belly ripple each time his massive thickness entered her body,
stretching her cunt walls apart deliciously. She was used to the
thickness of her Daddy's big cock now. At first, it had hurt a bit, but
now every thrust brought only better and stronger pleasure.

The underside of her father's cock-shaft rubbed repeatedly over her clit
with maddening effectiveness, and soon Melissa began to moan and grind
her hips back at at his thrusts with youthful vigour, her incestuous
passion multiplying with each delicious stab.

Melissa felt very small as she lay prostrate before her father's
masculine body. It made her feel very dainty. Her buttocks worked
instinctively to push her hips and pussy mound back against her father's
heaving body until finally, the excited little fourteen-year-old was
moving rhythmically, in time with her father's pistoning prick.

With every deep penetration, Melissa loved it more and more. She was
glad it was her father fucking her now, and not some "slam bam...thank
you mam", teenager like that useless Robbie Ward, with his five inches
of pencil-thin cock that squirted almost as soon as he got it inside
her...sometimes even BEFORE he could get it in! Her father was the only
man she had really loved for all of her young life, and it was only
natural that he should want to please her...and wow!...her big strong
Daddy sure knew how give a girl pleasure!

Holding onto Melissa's smooth round buttocks, Don continued to ram his
prick into his little daughter's lewdly raised cunt from behind. 
Melissa had her head buried in a pillow to stifle her loud cries as her
father's cock pierced her young twat to a depth the girl had never known
before.

"Uhhhh, Shit! God, I love fucking your tight cunt, Mel!", grunted Don,
giving the youngster's hot little hole a couple of extra hard jabs for
emphasis. Melissa wailed with pleasure at the sudden deep penetration,
pushing her drooling cunt eagerly back against her father's ferocious
stabs.

"Ohh, Daddy!..God! Yes, I like it like that! Fuck me hard! Ohhh, yes,
deeper!", squealed Melissa.

Don increased his tempo, fucking the whimpering girl just like she'd
asked...long and hard...all the time staring hungrily at her squirming,
cock-filled cunt. He watched with rising lust as his thick, hard prick
stretched his daughter's tight little twat to the limit. On each stroke,
Melissa's taut pink pussylips clung to his cockshaft like a small,
sucking mouth. The lewd sight had a tremendously exciting effect on Don
and he began to fuck his cock into her trembling young body with deeper,
harder thrusts.

Melissa turned her head to look back at her father, adolescent lust
burning brightly in her baby-blue eyes as she hunched her slim young
hips back to meet his pile-driving cock-thrusts. Her father's huge prick
was giving her hot little cunt so much pleasure, Melissa felt like she
was going to faint from
sheer ecstasy.

"Uhh..uhhh..uhhhhh!, Daddy!  Fuck me hard! Uhh!  Uhh! I'm gonna cum any
second!", squealed Melissa. "Goddd!...Fuck meeee!...I love your big cock
fucking my cunt, Daddy!...Unnhnhnnnnhhhhh! Jesus, fuck me forever!"

Don grabbed his whimpering daughter by the hips and lifted her ass up
into the air, plunging his cock deep into her squirming cunt as she
came.

"Ooooooh, God! I'm cumming, Daddy! It feels so good!...Yes! Yes! 
Yesssss! FUCK!  FUCK!  FUUUUUUUCCKKKKK!!  AHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGHH! 
UHNNNGGH!!"

His daughter's wanton cries combined with the tightness of her spasming
twat and the sight of his impossibly thick shaft stretching her hairless
cuntslit was all too much for Don and he felt his own orgasm rushing up
from his aching balls.

"Uhhhg! Jesus!...I'm coming too, baby!", yelled Don, fucking into her
little body like a pile-driver. "Up your cunt!...Cumming up your tight,
sweet, little cunt!...OOHHHH, BABY! OHH, GODDDDD! YOU GORGEOUS LITTLE
CUNT!..FUCK!..OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHH!"

Melissa's eyes fluttered wildly as her father's cock jerked inside her,
filling her quivering twat to the brim with load after load of hot,
scalding cum.

"Uuuuhh yesssss, give it to me Daddy!...Come in my cunt!!!"  Melissa
screeched, her little pussy convulsing around his throbbing prick. 
"Cum, Daddy! Cummm!"

As they climaxed together, Don continued to drive his spurting cock into
the little girl's frothy hole, never letting up for an instant as he
fucked his squirming daughter with all the strength he could muster.
Melissa thrashed her ass about, writhing and squealing in frenzied
abandon, her titties so small and firm that there was almost no movement
in them at all.

As her father repeatedly rammed his prick into her to the hilt, Melissa
felt a familiar sensation begin to spread rapidly from deep inside her
juice-filled cunt. Her blue eyes opened and closed and her blonde hair
flew as another powerful orgasm wracked her tiny body.

"Oh God! Oh God!...Ooooh, I'm cumming again, Daddy! Uuhhhh, I love
cock.....love your big hard cock, Daddy!...Fuck me and come in my
cunt...Ahhhh!..and I'll suck you off...and you can lick my pussy
and...ohhhh, I don't ever wanna stop cumming!"

Don smiled to himself as he listened to her excitingly depraved words. 
Things were going to be very different around the Harvey household from
now on, that was for sure!

"Oh yes, Honey", he grunted, slamming into her cunt, "Yes, yes and yes!"

He marvelled at the change in his sweet little daughter. Melissa was no
longer the demure young teenager he knew and loved. Somewhere, somehow
she had lost her virginity and gained an appetite for sex that seemed
almost unquenchable. At the touch of his cock, his sweet little girl had
turned into a wild, passionate young woman, willing to do anything and
everything to fulfill the powerful feelings of adolescent lust that
pervaded her nubile young body, and after the fantastic sex they'd just
shared, Don wanted nothing better than to give his baby girl anything
and everything her horny little heart desired. His only problem was
fucking Melissa whenever they had the urge without Helen or Dennis
finding out.

Little did Don know that at that very moment, hundreds of miles away in
some roadside motel-room, halfway to Phoenix, Dennis was slamming his
cock into his naked, squealing mother like a young stud horse...and
Helen was loving every second of it.

After visiting Aunt Hilda in Phoenix, Dennis & his mom decided to drop
in unexpectedly on her sister Cathy and her fifteen-year-old son Bobby
on the way back home. Parking the car in the street, Dennis got their
luggage out of the car and they went to Cathy's front door. Dennis
pressed the doorbell button, but nothing happened.

"Looks like its not working, Mom", said Dennis.

Helen tried to peer in through the frosted glass, but could see
nothing.  She knocked a couple of times and waited, but there was no
answer. In
frustration, Helen tried the door and found it unlocked. Cautiously
stepping into the huge house, she calling out.

"Hello, Cathy...Bobby! Anybody there?"

Dennis came in behind his mother, carrying their bags.

"They wouldn't go anywhere without locking up, would they, Mom?"

"Surely not," said Helen, moving further into the house. "Cathy, where
are you? It's Helen and Dennis!"

Still there was no reply.

"They can't be far away," Helen said. "Let's see if they're in the
back."

Dennis put down the bags he was carrying and followed his mother. They
walked down the long hallway, looking into each room in turn, finding
them all empty.

As they approached the main bedroom, Helen sensed something, and her
breathing quickened. She paused, suddenly causing Dennis to bump into
her. She turned to him and put a finger to her lips.

"What's wrong, Mom?", whispered Dennis,

"Shhhhh!  Listen!", she hissed.

They both froze, standing face to face, listening intently. Strange
noises were coming from the bedroom at the end of the hall. It was her
sister's room as far as Helen could remember. Bobby's was across the
hall. She'd checked it, and it had been empty. As they stood listening
in the darkened hallway, Helen suddenly became acutely aware of her
son's hard young body pressed firmly against hers. Dennis hadn't moved
since he'd bumped into her, and despite the situation in which they
found themselves, the boy's nearness sent an uncontrollable tingle of
lust throbbing through her cunt.

Helen could feel the bulge of her son's prick against her thigh. The
heat of it through the front of his pants filled her with a strange
excitement.  With a shiver, Helen fought off a sudden urge to reach down
and grab the boy's cock. Instead, she marvelled at how easily aroused
she had become, in just a few short days. With great effort, she dragged
her concentration back to the sounds coming her sister's open bedroom
door.  The noises were faint and muffled.  And there were soft little
grunts from a second person.

"Stay here," whispered Helen, motioning for Dennis to remain where he
was.

Moving quietly down the hall, Helen found herself trembling. She knew
her sister very well, or so she thought. Now, she wasn't so sure. She
peered into the bedroom, noticing as she did so, how neat and clean it
was, like the rest of her sister's house. The room was empty, but the
sounds she had heard were more pronounced now.

Helen stepped into the room and looked towards the partly open bathroom
door. Cathy must be in the bathroom, she thought. She crept across the
deep, luxurious carpet with light steps, and peeked carefully into the
bathroom. Helen's eyes went wide open, as did her mouth, when she saw
the source of the noises.

Her sister was in the bathroom alright, but so was her nephew, and they
were both only partly clothed. Bobby was naked from the waist down, and
stood before his mother who was on her knees between his legs, her face
buried in the boy's crotch. Cathy wore only a pair of tiny, lace
panties, the rest of her clothes, and Bobby's, were scattered all over
the bathroom floor.

Helen froze, stifling a gasp as she stared at her sister and nephew. 
She hardly even noticed her own son step up behind her and peek over her
shoulder. With her heart pounding loudly, Helen could only watch as
Cathy continued sucking on Bobby's erect cock, blissfully unaware of
their presence.

Her sister's mouth moved expertly up and down the boy's saliva-wet
shaft, and, by the way Bobby held his mother's head and fucked his cock
into her mouth, Helen suspected that this wasn't the first time that
they'd done this sort of thing together. Cathy's mouth slid noisily back
and forth on her son's wet prick, her soft purring and Bobby's grunts of
pleasure amplified loudly in the
small room.

'No wonder they didn't hear us come in', thought Helen, gazing
glassy-eyed at her nephew's stiff cock. The way her sister's lips slid
up and down the boy's thick, glistening shaft excited her immensely. She
shivered, feeling a familiar heat swell between her legs, the cheeks of
her ass tightening, her pussy leaking hot juices of arousal into her
panties.

Although he was only fifteen, Bobby had one of the biggest cock's she'd
ever seen. It was a beautiful cock, a young, hard cock.  Helen found
herself comparing it to her son's equally large tool. As she watched,
Helen couldn't prevent herself from imagining her own mouth wrapped
around young Bobby's man-sized weapon.  She closed her thighs tightly,
and a ripple of tingling hunger burned through her cunt.

Dennis stood behind his mother, equally excited by what he saw. His
attention was firmly fixed on his aunt's scantily clad body, and as he
gazed at the flawless shape of her firm, up-tilted tits and tight,
rounded ass, the teenager's cock began to swell uncontrollably in his
pants. He stared at the dark, silk-encased mound between his aunt's
creamy thighs and muttered under his breath when he saw how wet the
crotch of her tight panties was.

"Jesus Christ!", he breathed.

The sound of her son's whispered exclamation right next to her ear
startled Helen out of her trance-like state and she suddenly realized
how embarrassing it would be to be caught uninvited in her sister's
house, spying on her sex life, no matter how illicit that sex life may
be.

She became aware of Dennis pressing against her body. She felt his cock
probing once more at her thigh, and with a tremor, backed away from the
bathroom door, pushing her son with her. Grabbing Dennis by the hand,
Helen pulled him from the bedroom and headed for the front door, her
heart beating wildly in her chest. It pounded as much from the thought
of being caught as it did from what they had just witnessed in the
bathroom. They grabbed their bags and hurried out to the car. Helen got
into the driver's side and sat gripping the steering wheel, gazing in a
vacant way, sitting rigid.  Dennis sat beside her, his expression almost
the same as hers.

"God, Mom!  Did you see the way Aunt Cathy was going down on Bobby's
cock?", asked Dennis finally. Helen was still a little shocked. She
couldn't get what she had just seen out of her mind. It was there, as
vivid as if they were still watching.

"Y...yes, I...I sure did, honey!", she said, still staring straight
ahead.

"What are we gonna do now, Mom?"

"Um...Well, we can't let them know that we saw them.", said Helen,
starting the engine. "So we'll just drive up to the nearest phone and
call Cathy to say we're coming."

"Yeah!...Neat plan, Mom!"

Helen drove back the way they had come and stopped at the first gas
station she found.

"You stay here, hon. I won't be long."

Helen opened the door and swung her long legs out, her dress riding
high. Dennis, who was still in a state of high excitement after what
they had just seen, noticed his mother's exposed thighs at once and sat
back to admire them. He wished her dress would ride up a little further
so he could see her crotch, but all he got was a brief flash of creamy
thigh.  His mind flashed back to the gorgeous semi-naked body of his
Aunt Cathy as Dennis watched his mother's firm, round ass bob off
towards the gas station. Two of a kind, he thought with pleasure.

Helen found a pay phone and dialed her sister's number. It seemed to
ring forever, but finally she heard a click at the other end and Cathy
answered. Her sister sounded short of breath. Helen wasn't at all
surprised.

"Hello?"

"Hi, Cathy! Guess who!"

"Helen! Hi! I didn't expect it to be you. How's my big sister?"

"Fine, fine! But, you sound a bit out of breath, Cath."

"Um, yeah. I was..eh...out in the garden when the phone rang.  You
caught me by surprise."

Helen smiled. "You don't know the half of it, baby sister!", she
thought.

"I'm just a few blocks away. Dennis is with me, and I thought I should
call to make sure you were home before we dropped in. You're not tied up
with something are you?"

There was a definite pause before Cathy answered, and Helen smiled
again, guessing what was going through her sister's mind right now.

"No, sis! Bobby was just helping me move some stuff in the garden,
nothing important. Come right on over."

"Okay, see you in about five minutes, Cath...Bye!"

Helen hung up and went back to the car, smiling from ear to ear as she
pictured her sister and nephew frantically trying to clothe themselves
and tidy up before she and Dennis arrived.

"What's so funny, Mom?", asked Dennis as Helen slid back into the
drivers seat.

"Oh, nothing. I was just thinking about something your Aunt Cathy said,
that's all", said Helen starting the car. "I told her we'd be about five
minutes. You want something to eat or drink before we leave, honey?"

"No thanks, Mom. Food is the last thing on my mind right now", said
Dennis with a lewd grin. He put his hand on his mother's thigh and
squeezed gently.

Helen glanced down at the huge bulge in her son's crotch.

"Cool it, stud!", she said, pulling out onto the road. "As much as I'd
like to...while we're staying at Cathy's place, we have to try and act
like a mother and son should, okay?"

"Aw!  Why, Mom?", whined Dennis, "You saw Aunt Cathy and Bobby. They're
doin' it just like we are. Probably been doin' it longer! Why don't we
tell 'em and see what happens. I'd sure like to get a little of what
cousin Bobby was getting back there!"

Helen was silent. She pondered what her son was suggesting, and despite
a pang of jealousy, she sensed he was right, but still she couldn't
bring herself to tell her sister that she was fucking her own son and
that she had secretly spied on her and Bobby in their own home.

"Let's just play it by ear, son, okay?", said Helen finally.

"Okay!  You're the boss, Mom!"

As she drove up in front of her sister's house once more, Helen was
emotionally confused. This trip had been one sexual roller coaster ride
after another. She'd fucked her own son...and loved every mind-blowing
second of it!...She'd watched her sister and nephew in the act of oral
sex...and enjoyed it! Dennis seemed to be able to accept everything that
happened without a second thought. But he was only sixteen, and the
deeper Helen got in her forbidden relationship with her son, the more
she thought about the possible consequences.

Jesus!  What if somebody ever found out?  The shame would be
unbearable!...Maybe Cathy could help. As teenagers, they had always been
able to share the most intimate secrets and work most things out
together. By the time Helen stood at her sister's front door, she had
resolved to ask her sister for advice, no matter how embarrassing it
might be. After all, as Dennis had rightly pointed out, they were all in
the same boat.

Cathy and Bobby greeted them as if nothing had happened, acting like the
perfect mother and son, helping them settle in and chatting about the
rest of the family as they had always done whenever Helen had visited. 
But this time Helen knew different, the image of Bobby's cock sliding
stiffly in and out of her sister's mouth was always there. She kept
stealing glances at the boy's crotch and found to her embarrassment, she
couldn't keep her eyes off him, his firm young body was like a magnet to
her. Dennis was the same with Cathy. His aunt had the most gorgeous pair
of tits the boy had ever seen. And what made matters worse, he knew what
they looked like naked! His cock was hard all through dinner just
watching his beautiful aunt's move about the room.

After dinner, Bobby asked Dennis if he'd like to go down to the mall,
apparently it was the local hangout for kids his age. But, after ogling
his pretty Aunt Cathy all evening, Dennis was pretty horny and didn't
really want to go. He finally gave in at his mother's insistence, and
Bobby and Dennis left, promising not to be too late. Helen was relieved.
She wanted to spend a little time with Cathy to try and sort things out
before she went crazy. When the boys left, Cathy and Helen moved into
the living room, taking a bottle of wine and glasses with them.

"So, what have you been doing with yourself, sis?", asked Cathy, sitting
down on the sofa next to her sister.

"Nothing much", replied Helen, taking a big gulp from the glass that
Cathy gave her. She was uneasy, and unsure about how to broach the
subject.

Cathy sensed that something wasn't quite right with her sister. She had
been very quiet all through dinner, which wasn't at all like the
vivacious sister she knew and loved.

"What's wrong, Helen?", asked Cathy, moving closer to her on the couch. 
Helen looked into her sister's deep blue eyes and sighed.

"I don't know how to tell you this, Cathy!", she choked.

Cathy threw her arm around her sister, staring at her with concern. 
"What is it, sis?...What's troubling you, honey?"

Helen finally found the courage.

"You know when I phoned you this afternoon?", she asked.

"Yes, what about it?"

"Well Dennis and I were here....um...We were here earlier...and
we....umm..."

It suddenly struck Cathy what her sister was trying to say.

"So...you sneaked in and caught Bobby and me at it, did you?" Cathy
grinned, showing not the least shyness. Helen nodded her head, surprised
that her sister could be so calm about it.

"That damned son of mine,", Cathy said, with a fond smile. "I told him
to lock the front door, but I bet he was too eager to get his cock
sucked to remember to do it."

"I've got a confession to make too, Cathy", said Helen uneasily. "On the
trip up here, Dennis and I....um...well we kind of...."

"You're fucking Dennis, aren't you sis!", gasped Cathy.

"Yes. I don't know how it happened, but I it did."

Cathy smiled.

"Did you like it, sis?", she asked, placing her hand on Helen's thigh. 
Helen took another mouthful of wine and answered without hesitation.

"Yes! Oh, yes! I loved it! He has such a big, strong powerful cock,
Cathy!"

"Mmmmmm, so does Bobby, I can't get enough of it!", admitted Cathy.

Helen threw her arms around her sister and hugged her hard.

"I thought I was going to go crazy for a while!", sobbed Helen. "I felt
so guilty having sex with own son!"

Cathy hugged her sister back. Stroking her hand up and down Helen's leg
in a soothing manner.

"It was worse for me, sis!", she said.  "After Tom died, I realized how
important sex was in my life. I couldn't do without it. I got so
desperate I began to pick up men in bars, but it wasn't satisfying. 
Then one night, I came home drunk and horny. Bobby was awake. He put me
to bed, but I was so far gone, when he took off my clothes I made a grab
for his cock, and before we both knew what was happening, he was fucking
me. And guess what, sis?"

"What?"

"I loved it!", admitted Cathy, emptying her glass. "I simply loved every
fucking minute of it! He fucked me all night, sis!  All I had to do was
suck on that gorgeous cock of his and it'd jump right up again. God, how
I love young cock!"

Helen was astounded. Her sister had never shown this side of herself
before. But she somehow suspected that Cathy and herself were like peas
in a pod, mainly because she'd had exactly the same feelings about
Dennis.

"We're very much alike, Cathy," said Helen.  "...sexually I mean."

"More than you know, big sister!", moaned Cathy, running her hand up
between Helen's thighs.

Helen stiffened suddenly. Her sister's touch was becoming much too
intimate, but the wine she had consumed relaxed her. It felt good to
have fingers touching her cunt once more, no matter whose they were. 
Cathy was whispering in her ear.

"Remember when we were teenagers, Helen", cooed Cathy. "We used to watch
each other jack off in bed at night...remember that?"


Helen did remember. Those were the days when they'd come home from their
dates and masturbate in bed, telling each other about the boys they'd
been out with and how far they'd gone with them.

"Yes," she murmured weakly, as Cathy's fingers found her moistening
slit.

"I used to get so hot watching you play with your cunt, Cathy. It looked
so soft and wet and juicy, I often wondered what it would feel like
against my face....Yes, Helen, I wanted to taste your pussy, even then."

"You didn't say a thing," breathed Helen

"I didn't know if you'd let me," breathed Cathy, running her fingers up
between her sister's thighs.

Helen found the sensation pleasurable to say the least, and despite the
wine she had consumed, she knew that deep down, she had felt the very
same illicit desires, even as a child.

"I would have, Cathy," gasped Helen, as she felt her sister's fingers
rubbing her overheated cunt.

Helen lifted her arms, and Cathy flung herself into them.  They hugged
tightly. Their lips met in a feverish kiss, and the two horny sisters
clung to each other, murmuring and gasping as their hands moved over
each other's body. Breathing hotly and sucking at each other's mouth,
they rubbed tits. When Cathy's tongue pushed into into her mouth, Helen
sucked it eagerly. When Cathy began to shove a hand under her dress,
Helen melted and flung her knees wide apart. She moaned into her
sister's sucking mouth as she felt Cathy's fingers between her legs once
more. Her cunt responded with throbbing heat. Cathy made a whimpering
sound against Helen's wet mouth, and rubbed her fingers into the deep
groove of her sister's panties.

"So hot, Helen!", Cathy whispered huskily, slipping her fingers inside
the tight panties, toying with the soft pussy-hair. "I've wanted to do
this ever since high school!"

Trembling, Helen pushed her hand under the denim of her sister's skirt,
pleasantly surprised to find Cathy naked underneath.

"Well," Cathy said, "You didn't give me much time to change, Sis. 
Besides, Bobby likes me to walk around the house this way."

"Mmmmm, I bet Dennis would like me to do that at home too," replied
Helen. "But I think he'd also like it if I wore sexy panties, and gave
him a flash every now and then."

"I remember a pair you had when we were teenagers. Your tight ass looked
so sweet in them." Cathy rubbed at Helen's inflamed clit, bringing moans
of pleasure from her. Helen cupped her sister's cunt, feeling the wet
heat, then working a finger in and out slowly, making Cathy gasp.

"Open your legs more," Cathy said.

Helen flung her legs wide, her dress riding high, stretching over her
slim thighs. Cathy pulled Helen's panties aside, and eased a finger up
Helen's cunt. They finger-fucked each other, becoming more and more
excited, wiggling and twisting, kissing and licking.

"Let me see your tits," Cathy said, working her pussy-wet fingers at her
sister's dress. She opened the top and purred as Helen's firm, round
tits's bounced into her hands.

"Mmmmm, you've always had such beautiful tits.  I bet Dennis could suck
them all day."

"Lately, he has been!", boasted Helen.  "....and a lot more!"

"I'll bet!", breathed Cathy. "Is he good, Sis? How big is his cock?"

"God, Cathy, it's huge! It fills me up like nothing I've ever felt
before!  I just come and come when he sticks that fat thing inside my
pussy!"

Cathy's eyes lit up like fireworks. Being partial to young cock, she'd
noticed the telltale bulge Dennis had in the front of his pants all
night, and right away sized her nephew up as a fuck prospect, but this
was better than she'd ever hoped for.

"We've got to get out of our fucking clothes!", hissed Cathy hotly.

They undressed feverishly, their eyes burning as their satiny flesh was
exposed. When they were naked, Cathy lay down on the couch and pulled
Helen on top of her. The two horny sisters clung to each other
desperately, squeezing each other's tits and squirming their drooling
cunts together in a frenzy of incestuous lesbian lust.

"Oh, Helen! I can't stand it any longer. Let me lick your cunt, honey!"

Helen murmured her agreement and with a cry of hunger, turned around
until her pussy was directly over her sister's face. Cathy found herself
gazing up into the juiciest, sweetest-looking little slit that she had
ever seen, and Cathy had seen a few.  This wasn't the first time she'd
sucked another woman's twat, but she was sure of one thing....it was
going to be the most exciting! She lifted her head and extended her
tongue, taking a long swipe which extended the full length of Helen's
hairy gash.

"Mmmmm, nice and juicy!  Just the way I like it," moaned Cathy huskily.

"Spread you legs a bit more, so I can get at you better. Helen did as
her sister instructed, at the same time lowering her head into Cathy's
sweet-scented crotch.

Cathy spread her own legs and ran her hands up Helen's thighs, cupping
her compact ass, then pulled her sister's firey cunt down onto her
mouth.

"Ohhhhh, Cath, honeyy, yesssss!", Helen cried out, and buried her own
face into Cathy's hot, dripping pussy, clutching her sister's writhing
ass with trembling hands.

Cathy lapped hungrily at Helen's cunt, licking her knotted clit,
dragging her tongue expertly over the the hairy slit, frequently dipping
deep inside to taste her sister's sweet pussy-juices. Feeling Helen's
hot tongue licking the outside of her cunt, Cathy arched her hips, eager
for deeper contact with her sister's wonderful mouth.

"Inside! Put your tongue inside my cunt! Fuck me with it!", pleaded
Cathy.

Helen had never tried this sort of thing before, but the more her sister
wiggled her stiff tongue up inside her gooey twat, the more Helen liked
it. So, following her sister's advice, she tried to return the favour.

The feel of Cathy's hot inner thighs pressing against her cheeks excited
Helen. She inhaled the heady scent of her sister's steamy cunt, and
quickly found herself sucking and licking in a frenzy, twisting her face
into the soft, hairy slit with as much energy as she sucked her son's
cock.

"Ooooh, yeah!  Now you've got it, hon!", Cathy moaned from between
Helen's thighs. "Lick my cunt, Sis!...Ohhh Jesus, I've wanted to suck
your cunt for so long!"

She gasped when she felt Helen's stiff tongue slip into her pussy,
sliding in deeply. She bucked up and down, mashing her cunt onto Helen's
eager face and sucking frantically at the dripping slit above her own. 
Cathy felt for Helen's tiny little asshole with a fingertip, then pulled
her asscheeks apart and licked at the pink, puckered opening with the
tip of her tongue. Helen squealed with pleasure and arched her back.

"Ohh, Cathy! What are you d...doing? God! It feels so good! Lick it
again!"

"Mmmmm, lick mine, Sis!", ordered Cathy. "Lick my asshole too, honey!"

Helen complied, finding that she liked it. Soon, both women were sucking
and licking each other's juice-smeared loins from asshole to clit, and
the room filled with deep moans of pleasure and the loud, wet slurping
of two hungry mouths. They were soon thrashing and writhing around so
violently that they rolled off the couch, still clinging to each other
like mating leeches. Once on the soft carpet of the living room floor,
the two sisters rolled around in wanton abandon, with Helen on top of
her sister as often as she was on the bottom. Her nipples brushed the
hot flesh of Cathy's firm stomach, tingling deliciously.

Cathy's hands moved over her sister's spread ass, her lips closing over
Helen's furry cuntslit, sucking hard. She nibbled at her sister's clit,
pushed her tongue as far as it would go between her sister's gaping
cuntlips, and fucked it wildly, getting the same treatment from Helen. 
They began to tremble and shake almost violently. Clutching at each
other, both women smashed their mouths as hard as they could into each
other's cunts, and began to moan at the same time. The hot fluids of
Cathy's cunt coated Helen's lower face. She cried out with delight when
her sister began grinding into her face, eating at her cunt as if in a
feeding frenzy, moaning loudly.

With a cry into Cathy's cunt, Helen started coming, Her pussy grabbing
at her sister's tongue, squeezing it as the contractions of a powerful
orgasm exploded deep in her twat. She felt, almost at the same time,
Cathy's cunt gripping her buried tongue, and she rammed it in as deep as
she could, feeling Cathy's cunt spasm around it and against her lips. 
She felt what her son must feel on his cock when she came, and
understood his pleasure much better. Shivering with glowing pleasure,
they rolled away from each other, lying on their backs, breathing
deeply, calming down.  Their faces glistened wetly with pussy-juices,
but neither felt inclined to wipe the stuff off. After a long
minute, they sat up, and stared at each other, then burst into a fit of
giggling.

"Ooooh, Cathy. That was fantastic!", Helen said, finally. "I loved it!"

"You and me both!"

"Does that make us strange?"

"It only makes us a couple of hot women, I'd say," Cathy said. "You
aren't ashamed or anything, are you?"

"Not at all," replied Helen quickly. "But I like cock you know...I mean,
I loved eating your cunt, but I love cock more."

"So do I!", Cathy chuckled. "Especially Bobby's cock!"

Helen grinned. "And Dennis' cock too, I suppose. I saw the way you were
looking at him during dinner, Cathy."

"Guilty as charged, Sis!  I just can't keep my hands off young boys!...
especially ones as cute as Bobby and Dennis"

"Didn't it ever bother you that Bobby's your own son, Cathy?", asked
Helen. "I mean, sometimes I get a little ashamed that I'm fucking
Dennis."

"Yeah, it used to bother me, ages ago, when Bobby and I first started
screwing. But now, once he gets that big cock of his into my cunt I just
forget everything and enjoy it. For a young kid, he's really got
man-sized equipment you know, Sis."

"Mmmmm, I know! We saw you in the bathroom remember?", laughed Helen.

"Yeah, I forgot. I guess you got a good look then, huh Sis?"

"More than enough to whet my appetite, Cathy, let me tell you! Once I
got over the initial shock of finding you like that, I had the urge to
rip off Dennis' clothes and fuck him right there on the floor!"

"You should have!", said Cathy. "Bobby and I have done it in much
stranger places!"

Helen ran her hand along her sister's thigh, then into her soft moist
pussy hair.

"I think Dennis wants to fuck you Cathy."

"Mmmmm, all he has to do is ask, Sis!", Cathy laughed sexily, reaching
for her sister's cunt. She bent and kissed Helen's nipples, one at a
time.

"You can fuck Dennis, Cathy...on one condition" husked Helen, worming a
finger into Cathy's cunt.

"What's that, Sis?"

"I get to fuck Bobby!"

Cathy grinned lewdly. "I kind of guessed that's what it would be. 
Mmmmmmm, swapping son's, what a great idea! Uhhhhhh, Helen you do that
so goooooood!" Both women began to breath faster as their busy fingers
probed each other's slippery slits. They kissed and cuddled and
finger-fucked each other to orgasm, each thinking about the other's son,
and the fun to follow.

When Bobby and Dennis returned, they found their mothers sitting on the
couch, finishing the last of their second bottle of wine.  The sisters
had bathed and changed their clothes, but at Cathy's insistence, both
wore no underwear. Bobby knew something was up when he noticed the
familiar look of anticipation his mother got just before they had sex,
but he said nothing. He looked instead at Helen.

Somehow his aunt's tits seemed bigger, and rounder, and he could see her
nipples pressing cheekily against the thin material of her blouse. When
he was the wide expanse of creamy thigh Helen's short skirt revealed,
his young cock began to swell in his pants. Dennis was similarly
captivated by his Aunt Cathy, and by the time they had seated themselves
opposite their mothers, both boys were sporting rather conspicuous
bulges in the front of their tight pants.

Helen gazed at her son, then at Bobby, her eyes lowering to his crotch. 
Cathy watched her sister, smiling at her eagerness. She crossed her
legs, letting her skirt slide way up her thighs. This brought looks from
Bobby and Dennis who for now, were content to just watch, waiting to see
what was going to happen. Not to be outdone, Helen uncrossed her knees
and opened her legs until both boys could see right up between her
lewdly parted thighs.

"Mom, you're not wearing any panties!", blurted Dennis, staring at his
mother's naked cunt with hotly gleaming eyes.

Cathy stood up and stepped out of her skirt. She sat down again and
spread her knees wide apart, her cunt exposed wantonly to her son and
nephew.

"Neither am I, honey!", she said, her voice almost a whisper.

"Jesus, Aunt Cathy, you're giving me a hard-on," said Dennis, squeezing
his crotch.

"I've had a hard-on ever since we came in," Bobby said.

"So I noticed," said Helen, removing her own skirt.

She tossed it onto the floor and walked seductively over to Bobby. The
boy stared at his aunt's bulging pussy as she approached, watching how
the moist, hairy lips rubbed together with every step she took. Cathy
watched from the couch, breathing heavily as her sister stopped in front
of her son. Bobby's face was only inches from his aunt's pussy.

"Your mother and I have come to a little agreement, Bobby", said Helen.

"What kind of agreement, Aunt Helen?", asked the boy, unable to take his
eyes off his aunt's juicy-looking cuntslit.

"Well, as it turns out, you've been fucking your mom, and Dennis has
been fucking me. So, your mother and I kind of decided to swap for the
evening. What do you think of the idea, Bobby?"

Bobby stood up and began to undress.

"I love it! I've had the hots for you ever since you arrived, Aunt
Helen!...Gee, this is gonna be outta sight!"

Helen took off her blouse and then helped Bobby take off his clothes. 
Cathy looked over at Dennis and winked.

"Well don't just sit there, handsome," she purred. "Come over here and
let me see if that lump in your pants is as big as I think it is!"

"You mean I really get to fuck you, Aunt Cathy?" asked Dennis
incredulously.

"I should hope so, honey," Cathy said, stripping off the rest of her
clothes. Looking at Dennis through lust-slitted eyes she rubbed a couple
of fingers into her moist slit. "Mmmm, and you'd better hurry. My poor
pussy is in desperate need of some good hard cock, baby!"

Dennis stood up and stripped off his clothes as fast as he could, his
eyes glued to the juicy, wet gash between his aunt's wide-spread
thighs.  When Cathy saw her nephew's cock spring free, she sat back on
the couch and drew her knees up to her tits, spreading her cunt and ass
for him.

"Fuck me, Dennis!", Cathy said, staring at the boy's huge erection. 
"Please fuck me now, baby!"

Helen looked over her shoulder as Dennis moved towards the couch. She
was panting with heat, her fingers wrapped tightly around Bobby's
mammoth tool.

"Yeah! Fuck her, Dennis! Fuck my sister! I want to see your big cock
ramming up her hot cunt, baby. Fuck the piss out of her!", gasped Helen,
flopping down on the couch beside her sister. She too raised her knees,
until her cunt was a gaping scarlet gash glistening wetly between her
wide-open thighs.

"Come on, Bobby, put it in baby!  Ram your cock up my fucking cunt"

The boys moved swiftly. The two cunt's offered so wantonly made them
quiver with excitement, their hard cocks jerking up and down. As Dennis
sank to his
knees in front of her, Cathy grabbed the boy's cock stuffed it eagerly
into her hot cunt, gasping at the deep penetration. She wrapped her arms
behind her knees, pushing her ass up and sliding her cunt to the base of
Dennis' cock.

Bobby knelt on the floor between Helen's open thighs and thrust his cock
into her gaping pussy with a force that made his aunt squeal. He grasped
her slender hips, pulling her cunt onto his cock as he fucked her,
rocking her naked body and making her tits jiggle from the force.

"Ahhhhh! You gorgeous prick! Smash my cunt, Bobby!", Helen cried out. 
"Beat my cunt! Fuck it! Ohhhhhhh, yes, baby, fuck it hard!"

On the couch, Cathy was squealing just as loudly as Dennis slammed his
prick into her again and again.

"Uhhhh, Dennis, ram it to me!", she sobbed. "Oh, baby, fuck the piss out
me lover! Screw the piss out of your aunt's hot fuckin' cunt!"

The wet, fleshy sounds were loud as the two boys fucked their aunt's
vigorously. Bobby watched his cousin's cock stabbing in and out of his
mother's cunt, the long, thick shaft glistening with wetness, and Dennis
gazed down at his mother as she churned her naked ass, her hairy pussy
being pounded relentlessly by Bobby's massive cock. Cathy and Helen
writhed in ecstasy, thrashing their naked butts around wildly. The boy's
fucked faster and faster, and with a cry Cathy twisted her face until
she could pull her sister's tit into her mouth, sucking the jiggling orb
as hard as she could.

"Ohhhh, Bobby!  You gorgeous young stud!," squealed Helen, holding onto
her nephew's shoulders as the boy fucked his entire rock-hard length
into her pussy.  "Jesus, Cathy, this is fantastic!"

"I told you he could fuck, didn't I, hon" "Uhhhhhhnnnggghh, what a pair
of studs our sons are! I could do this forever!...Mmmmmmmm! Uhhh! 
Uhhhhhh! Oh fuckin' Jesus that's good!"

Bobby looked over at Dennis, a sly smile forming on his handsome young
features.

"Wanna swap for a while, Dennis?"

"Sure, why not", said Bobby, a little reluctantly.

Bobby and Dennis suddenly switched places, fucking their own mothers.

"Ummmmmm, fuck me, Bobby!", Cathy told her son. "Fuck me like you always
do, baby, hard and fast. Make momma feel it, honey! Ohhh, Bobby, give it
to me!"

Helen watched Bobby's long, thick cock slam into her sister's cunt like
a battering ram as the boy pounded his hips strongly into Cathy's gaping
twat, fucking his delirious mother with deep, savage thrusts that
literally took her breath away. She looked up at her son with
lust-slitted eyes.

"Fuck me like that too, Denny!", she gasped, grabbing the muscular
cheeks of his small ass. "Fuck momma as hard as Bobby is fucking Cathy! 
Really give it to me, baby!"

Dennis grinned down at his horny mother and lifted her legs up over his
shoulders, at the same time ramming his huge prick deep into her
upthrust cuntmound.

"OHHH! OHHHHHHHH! GOD YES! FUCK ME, BABY! SCREW MY FUCKIN' ASS OFF
BABY!", screamed Helen as she felt her son's prick slam into the very
back of her cunt. His hard young cock seemed longer and thicker than
normal, but Helen put that down to the upthrust position of her cunt,
and the angle of entry which allowed her son' cock to penetrate so much
deeper. "Christ, Dennis!", she gasped, rotating her hot ass more
rapidly. "Uuuuh, your cock feels so goddamn big!"

"It is, Mom!", giggled her son, and bucked his hips at her until Helen
began to moan uncontrollably, whimpering with the sheer pleasure his
hotly pumping cock was giving her.

Cathy gazed at her nephew's cock slicing back and forth in her sister's
frothy cunt. She noticed the abundant juices exuding from Helen's
ravaged slit, and suddenly had the urge to stick her tongue in there
beside her nephew's cock and suck Helen off while she was being fucked. 
Her own son was fucking her well enough, but she wanted more...she
wanted to be as lewd and as dirty as possible tonight, the pleasure
would be beyond belief.

"Go for it, Dennis, go for it!", Cathy urged her nephew. "Give your
mother a good, hard fuck!  Then you can swap with Bobby again and do the
same for me, baby!"

Dennis muttered a reply and leaned across to kiss his aunt's sexily
parted lips. Cathy opened her mouth and kissed him back, passionately. 
"Shit!  I'm so fuckin' horny, I can't stand it!", gasped Cathy when
Dennis finally pulled his lips from hers. "Ohhhh, make me come, Bobby! 
Make mommy come!"

Bobby was grunting, his mother's cunt squeezing his cock, wet and hot
and tight. He knew she was real close to orgasm, and did everything he
could to make her come quickly.  His own orgasm was a long way off, but
the sooner he could make his mother cream, the sooner he could get his
cock back into his aunt's tight, hot little snatch again.  His mother
was available anytime, but fucking his beautiful, sexy aunt excited him
beyond belief

"Come!", snarled Bobby, really ramming his mother hard. "Come for me you
hot, fuckin' horny cunt!" He knew his mother loved him to talk dirty to
her just before she climaxed. It made her go wild. Bobby continued to
mutter obcenities at his mother as he watched her thrash around
mindlessly beneath him, making gurgling sounds as if she could hardly
breathe. "Squirt your stuff all over my big fat mother-fuckin' prick,
and come, you hot-cunted bitch!"

Bobby's words had the desired effect on his excited mother, and Cathy
was soon squealing loudly, her head twisting from side to side, her
heels digging into the small of her son's back, urging him to fuck her
deeper. Dennis fucked his own mother with long, smooth strokes, content
for the moment to just pump his cock into her hot, wet hole at a nice
steady pace.  He stared hungrily at Cathy and Bobby, watching them fuck
with great interest.

His sexy aunt sure was one hot piece of ass, he thought, and for a
second he wished it was him on top of the wildly bucking woman, plowing
his cock into her hot, quivering snatch, instead of his cousin. Helen
noticed the look on her son's face and read it accurately. He was a
horny little prick, she thought, lusting after his aunt even as he
fucked his own mother. But Helen found she wasn't jealous at all, it
didn't really matter who fucked who, just as long as she got all the
pleasure her over-sexed cunt demanded.

Bobby kept slamming his cock noisily into his mother's spasming cunt,
grunting and groaning with the effort, mouthing obcenities as he fucked
her. As her ,own son's cock slammed rhythmically into her twat, Helen
couldn't help but listen to Bobby's words with rising excitement. She
wished that Dennis would talk to her like that sometimes, it was really
turning her on.

Beside her, Cathy was writhing in ecstasy, and on impulse, Helen bent
over and sucked one of her sister's jiggling tits into her mouth,
squeezing the other with her fingers. Dennis saw what his mother was
doing and reached under his aunt's heaving ass, slipping a finger deep
into her the moist heat of the woman's anus. Cathy came on the spot,
screaming and thrashing like a madwoman.

"AHHHHHHHGGGHHH! I'M CUMMMMING! OH, FUCK ME, BILLY! UHHHH, YES, SIS! 
SUCK MY TITS! FUCK MY ASS, DENNIS! OHHHH, GODDDDDDD! FUCK!  FUCK! FUCK
ME ALL OF YOU!"

Cathy's body stiffened as she climaxed like never before, the pleasure
so intense that she almost blacked out. Her cunt gripped her son's cock
like a vice, and her tight little rectum convulsed around her nephew's
twisting finger. Utterly, fulfilled Cathy pulled her son's mouth down to
hers and kissed him voraciously, then in turn, she kissed Helen and
Dennis, with equal passion, so happy that they all had given her so much
pleasure.

Bobby yanked his cock out of his mother's cunt and fell back onto the
floor, his still-erect organ at full attention. He gazed at his mother,
licking his lips at the flood of creamy juices leaking from her
wide-open slit.

"Mmmmmm, you look real juicy Mom!  Good enough to eat!", he grinned,
fisting his sticky cock. Cathy pulled open the puffy, wet lips of her
cunt with both hands, exposing a veritable smorgasbord of pink,
succulent flesh to her horny young son.  She felt so deliciously,
wantonly depraved, it hurt!

"Why don't you come over here and see just how tasty momma is today,
baby!", purred Cathy, rubbing gently around the edges of her jutting
clit. "I just came, sweetheart but I'm so damn horny I want to come
again!"

Bobby scrambled back to the couch and was just about to go down on his
sexy mother, when he noticed his aunt's eyes on his cock. Dennis was
still fucking her, but Helen was staring at Bobby's hard prick like a
starving man eyeing off at a T-bone steak.

"Mom, why don't I lie down on the couch and you sit on my face.",
suggested Bobby. "That way, Aunt Helen can suck my cock while I suck
your cunt!"

Cathy readily agreed, and stood up so Bobby could lie down on the couch.
Helen's eyes sparkled with desire as her handsome young nephew's cock
came within her reach. She grabbed the big, fat pole with her left hand
and began to yank on it, jerking the boy's cock in time with her son's
pelvic thrusts.

Cathy knelt on the couch, straddling her son's head. She faced his feet
so she could watch the action, and lowered her cunt towards Bobby's open
mouth with impatient haste. Bobby looked up at his mother's descending
twat, his lips eager to sample her tasty, seeping gash once more.

"Eat me, Bobby!", whimpered Cathy, mashing her pussy onto the boy's
upturned face. "Suck out every drop!  Ohhhh, I'm so fuckin' horny!  I
need tongue in my pussy!...Yes, baby, yes! Lick deep! Tongue-fuck me in
the cunt, lover!"


Bobby grabbed his mother by the ass and rammed his tongue deep into her
strongly-flavoured cunt. He loved the taste of her, and had done so ever
since the very first time she'd let him suck her pussy, and now they did
it regularly, in fact, almost every time they fucked.

Helen still had hold of Bobby's cock, but as much as she wanted too, she
found it difficult to twist her head down and take the big, thick pole
into her mouth. Dennis was pinning her to the couch with his weight,
completely engrossed as he slammed his cock into her cunt.

"Dennis, honey, how would you like to fuck me from behind while I suck
Bobby off?", suggested Helen, running her lips over her son's broad,
muscular chest.

"Ok, Mom!", replied Dennis, pulling his cock out of his mother's tight,
wet cunt. "Can I fuck you in the ass too?"

"Ohhhh, yes baby! Do anything you want!"

Dennis stood up and watched Cathy and Bobby as he waited for his mother
to get into position. Bobby had hold of his mother's asscheeks with both
hands, kneading and pulling on the tight, creamy globes as his mouth
moved back and forth in her pink, juice-filled snatch. Her compact
little ass bounced and squirmed in Bobby's hands as Cathy moved her hips
in tight, downward circles, grinding her cunt into her son's sucking
mouth with wild abandon.

Helen knelt between Bobby's thighs with her head in his crotch. She
nuzzled the boy's stiffly erect cock, running her lips and tongue up and
down the sticky shaft from tip to base, sucking gently at his balls. 
Her round, naked ass stuck up into in the air, pointing invitingly at
her son.  Licking his lips, Dennis moved behind his mother and
positioned his cock between her legs. He bent forward and grasped her
dangling tits with both hands, the movement causing the big purplish
head of his cock to drag deliciously through the hot crease of his
mother's ass and along her slit. Helen took her mouth off Bobby's prick
for a second and looked back over her shoulder at her son, a wanton
smile on her beautiful face.

"Don't play around, Denny!  Put that big fat cock back into my cunt
where it belongs and fuck me good and hard, baby!"

"You're the boss, Mom!", Dennis grinned back at her.

Removing his hands from his mother's tits, Dennis grabbed her firmly by
the hips, and with a single hard thrust, rammed his throbbing erection
into her cunt. It disappeared into her wet, hairy slit up to the balls. 
Helen moaned at the sudden deep penetration, and, at the same instant,
crammed her nephew's cock back into her hungry mouth.

"Jesus, that's tight pussy!", grunted Dennis, fucking his cock slowly
back and forth in his mother's steamy twat. "Move your hot, sexy ass,
Mom! Fuck me back!"

Helen was doing her best. Sucking on Bobby's cock and moving her ass
back and forth at the same time for her son was a little difficult in
her cramped position, but after a while, Helen got a comfortable rhythm
going and finally, had both boys moaning and groaning loudly.

Cathy was moaning too. With Bobby's face pressed hard against her hairy
twat, and his sucking mouth plastered over her leaking cunthole, Cathy
was in seventh heaven.  Her son was giving her an expert tongue-job,
just like he always did, probing and wiggling his stiff, lingual organ
around inside her gaping slit like an epileptic eel.

"Uhhhhhhgghhh! Bobby! Stick it in, honey! Yesssss! Fuck momma with your
tongue!, whimpered Cathy, tossing her head back.

Dennis fucked his mother with increasing vigour as he watched the
others. The sight of his beautiful, naked aunt squirming her juicy, wet
cunt around on his cousin's face while his mother sucked him off, was
extremely stimulating to the young boy. His cock thrusts soon had Helen
moaning loudly around Bobby's glistening fuck-pole.

Dennis moved a hand beneath his mother. Caressing her jiggling tits, her
smooth, hard belly and her creamy thighs. His fingers slipped between
her legs and felt for her clit. It mashed up against the base of his
cock when he lunged forwards, so each time he pulled out, Dennis rubbed
the hard little bud gently, giving his mother continuous sexual
stimulation. Helen almost bit Bobby's cock off as she gasped with
delight, but the boy was so engrossed in sucking his mother's luscious
cunt, that he hardly felt it.

"Eat, Bobby's cock, Mom!", urged Dennis. "Make him come in your hot
fuckin' mouth!"

As it turned out, Bobby was close to doing just that. The excitement of
eating out his sexy mother while his equally horny aunt sucked his cock,
was just too much for the boy.  He began to writhe and buck his slender
hips up off the couch, sending his prick deep into Helen's mouth.  At
the same time his lips found his mother's clit and he started sucking,
as hard as he could.

"AHHHHHHHHHHGGGHH! OHHHH, GODDDDD, YESSSSSS!", hissed Cathy, grinding
her cunt savagely down onto her son's face. "FUCK! I'M COMMMMMMMING!... 
MOMMA'S COMING BILLY! UHHHH, SUCK IT BABY!  SUCK MY HOT CUNT! 
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHH!"

As she heard her sister's cry of ecstasy, Helen felt the cock in her
mouth suddenly begin to swell and jerk...Bobby was coming as well. 
Helen sucked harder, squeezing her nephew's big, swollen balls with her
fingers. She took his cock deep into her throat, just like she did with
Dennis, knowing what a turn-on it must be for the young boy.  As Bobby
suddenly climaxed, Helen felt her nephew's thick cream hit the back of
her throat in a torrent. She she swallowed repeatedly as jet after jet
of hot, sticky jism filled her mouth. Bobby wrenched his mouth of his
mother's spasming cunt and screamed with pleasure.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! FUCK! OH, CHRIST, I'M COMING, AUNT HELEN! SUCK IT,
BABY! EAT MY STUFF! SWALLOW IT ALL! UUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHH, JESUS! 
FUUUUUUUUCK!

Helen didn't need to be told twice. She swallowed down every drop,
relishing the salty, male taste of her nephew's sperm as much as she did
her son's. She licked the boy's cock clean before removing her mouth and
letting him sit up. Cathy flopped down beside her son, exhausted from
the mind-blowing orgasm he had just given her and watched Dennis who was
still fucking his mother with long, steady strokes.

"Ummm, mmmmm," she said, staring at the swampy junction between her
nephew's cock and her sister's cunt. "Looks like you two could be at it
for hours!" Helen looked up at her and smiled.

"Dennis can fuck all night if he wants too, Cathy", she gasped, still
holding onto Bobby's rapidly deflating cock. "...and believe me after
the last few days, I know!"

Beginning to feel horny again, Cathy got up and stood beside her nephew,
gazing down at the boy's pistoning cock as he unselfconsciously
continued to fuck his mother from behind.  His long, thick shaft
glistened with his mother's juices and Cathy stared at it with hungry,
lustfilled eyes.

"The way I feel right now, Sis..." she murmured, dropping a hand to her
drooling cunt. ".....he might have to do just that!"

Dennis looked at his aunt and saw the lust in her eyes. His gaze
travelled down her gorgeous body, taking in her firm, jutting breasts,
and the creamy smooth rise of her tight little belly, coming to rest
finally between her thighs. Cathy lifted her right foot up onto the
couch, giving her nephew a good look at her cunt, still a glistening,
passionate pink from the sucking it had just received from Bobby. She
smiled as Dennis began to fuck his mother noticeably faster.

"See how juicy my pussy is, Dennis!", breathed Cathy, lewdly spreading
the wet, hairy lips of her cunt with both hands. "Ohhh, yeah! Look at
your aunty's hot, wet cunt, baby! Fuck your mother and look at my juicy
cunt!"

Dennis stared at his aunt's pussy, his cock swelling even more inside
his mother's very tight, very hot cunt, as he rammed into her even
harder.

"Fuck her, Dennis!", Cathy purred, rubbing a finger into her open slit. 
"Oh, baby, fuck her hot, wet cunt. Yeah, fuck your mother, Dennis! She
loves it!"

His mother did indeed love it! Cathy's words had such an effect on
Dennis that his cock felt like it had just grown to twice its normal
size!

"Uhhhhhhh!", gasped Helen, her eyes going wide as she felt the
wonderfully filling sensation of her son's massive cock stretching her
cunt. "Ohhhhhhh, Cathy! Keep it up! I love this! Ummmmm, his cock feels
like a goddamn baseball bat stuffed up my cunt!"

Bobby, who was still recovering on the couch, coaxed his soft cock with
trembling fingers, his eyes gleaming with rising desire. Cathy bent down
and kissed Helen's hot, panting mouth, sucking her sister's tongue
between her lips. Dennis, feeling his cock gripped very tightly inside
his mother's cunt, watched as his aunt and mother sucked each other's
tongue. Cathy was breathing heavily as she watched her handsome young
nephew fuck his cock into her sister with deep, almost savage strokes. 
She moved up close beside him, rubbing her tits against his body.

"Is she good and tight, Dennis?", whispered Cathy running her hands over
the boy's squirming ass. "Is my sister's cunt nice and tight for you,
baby!"

"Yes!  Oh, fuck yesssss!", hissed Dennis. His sweaty thighs slammed
against his mother's ass with loud slapping noises. Dennis reached out a
hand and groped between Cathy's legs. "Let me feel your pussy.  Aunt
Cathy!", he husked.

"Oh, baby! Yes!" groaned Cathy, spreading her legs wide apart for her
lusty nephew.

Still fucking his mother, Dennis cupped his aunt's cuntmound, stroking
his long fingers the length of her moist, furry slit.  She moaned and
pushed her cunt onto his palm, her hips rolling and twisting, the
pressure of his hand against her mound only teasing her.

"Finger-fuck it!", she cried, grabbing his hand. "Fuck me with your
fingers, Dennis!"

With a moan of delight, Dennis jammed his fingers into his aunt's
bubbling cunt, bringing a hot hiss of delight from Cathy.

"Ohhhhhhhhh, yessssssssssssssss!"

"God, you're wet, Aunt Cathy!", gasped Dennis, feeling his aunt's hot,
slippery cuntflesh envelop his fingers. "So fuckin' hot and wet!"

"I sure am, baby!", breathed Cathy, hunching onto the boy's stiff
digits.

Bobby was still watching as he sat on the couch playing with himself. 
His cock had grown almost to it's former glory, and he stared at the
wanton scene before him with growing excitement, his fist pumping up and
down on his long, hard shaft. Cathy looked down at her son, jerking on
his prick.

"Let me know when you're gonna come again, Bobby!", she said. "I wanna
take your next load in my mouth, baby!"

"Ok, Mom!", grinned the boy, lewdly pulling on his cock, "It's all
yours!" Helen was close to climax. Her son's cock was filling her
overheated snatch like it never had before. She watched Bobby jerk on
his big cock and listened to Cathy whimper, becoming more and more
aroused with every passing second.

"Ohhhh, Dennis, fuck me baby!", moaned Helen. "I'm gonna come!"

Cathy wrapped her arms around her nephew's shoulders and hunched against
his hand, feeling the boy's fingers fucking deliciously into her juicy
quim.

"Fuck her, Dennis!", she groaned. "and fuck me with your fingers!  Oh,
yes, darling! Finger-fuck your aunt in the cunt and cock-fuck your
mother in the cunt and....ohhhhhh, ram it to us....both of us!"

Dennis felt his mother's pussy contract around his prick. He couldn't
concentrate on both cunts at the same time. He fucked into his mother's
cunt frantically, watching his aunt fuck her hairy snatch on his
fingers. Then, with a loud cry, Dennis pulled his fingers out of his
aunt's cunt and grabbed his mother's twisting, churning, tight ass.  He
fucked harder, grunting with the effort.

Cathy shot her own hand down to her cunt to replace the sudden void left
by her nephew's fingers, and began to finger-fuck herself furiously,
spreading her long, slender legs as wide as she could.  =Suddenly she
felt hands pulling her down onto the couch. It was her son, his teenage
cock once more fully erect.

"Come here, Mom!", Bobby growled. "You look like you need a good fuck!"

"Ohhhh, do I ever, sweetheart!", Cathy smiled, straddling her son's
muscular young thighs. "Momma needs a pussy-full of my little boy's big
cock real bad!" She gasped as the head of Bobby's fat prick pushed past
the tender outer lips of her pussy and buried itself deeply in her wet,
firey cuntslit.

"Ohhhhh, I feel like I'm gonna come too!", Cathy squealed, the instant
her son began to move his cock inside her belly. "Make me come, Bobby! 
Ooooooh, fuck me! Make mother come!....Let's all come together!"

Helen was already there, with Dennis not far behind.

"OHHHHHHHHH! OH, GOD! OHHHHH, GOD! I'M CUMMMMMING! FUCK ME, DENNIS! 
FUCK ME, BABY!", she screamed. "GIVE IT TO ME HARD, YOU GORGEOUS LITTLE
FUCKER!"

Cathy twisted her head at her sister's cry of passion, still humping
wildly up and down on Bobby's deeply imbedded cock.

"Ooooooh, come in her cunt, Dennis, honey!", urged Cathy. "Fill your
mother's sweet little pussy with cum! Squirt it to her, baby, right up
her hot, wet little cunthole!...And after you do...I'm gonna lick it all
out!"

Helen quivered with ecstasy, as much with the pleasure of her orgasm as
with the thought of having her sister's lips on her cunt once again... 
especially if Dennis and Bobby would be watching. With a grunt, Dennis
came, spewing a jerky stream of hot, thick sperm into Helen's sucking
cunt.

"AHHHGGGHH! MOM! JESUS!", he yelled, pounding against his mother as hard
as he could. "UHHHHHH, TAKE IT!...TAKE IT ALL IN YOUR HOT, FUCKIN' CUNT,
MOM!"

The boy's cock jerked powerfully inside her, squirting time and time
again, flooding his mother's cunt with his hot, incestuous load. Helen
cried out again, her son's ejaculation triggering another, stronger
orgasm, deep inside her well-fucked pussy, her violently contracting
cunt-muscles trying to squeeze his cock off at the base.

"Uuuuhhh, Dennis!", screamed Helen, writhing in ecstasy. "Keep shooting
it up my cunt, baby!...Jesus Christ!...God, that feels fuckin' good!"

Dennis continued ramming his mother's gooey cunt, his hilted cock
gushing ropes of sperm into the very heart of her womb, filling Helen's
quivering pussy with his hot, incestuous seed.

It was always the same. Her young son's swollen balls held so much cum,
there was no way her cunt could hold it all. It gushed out around his
pistoning cock, covering her pussylips in a creamy froth, and began to
slowly leak down the insides of Helen's trembling thighs.

"Mmmmmmmmm," she said, "your cum's making a mess out of me, darling! 
Such a beautiful mess!"

Cathy watched with hot eyes as her sister reached down and smeared
Dennis' excess cream all over the wriggling cheeks of her ass. Bobby's
cock was about ready to shoot another load up into her tight, slippery
cunt-sheath, but Cathy was more interested in her sister's squirming,
juice-smeared crotch. The sight of her sister's juicy pussy combined
with her son's rapid cock movements were all Cathy needed to push her
over the edge once more.

"Ohhhhhh, Bobby!  Let me have it, baby!", she screamed, still staring at
the thick jism oozing out of Helen's tightly-stretched cunthole.

"Are you ready for my jizz, Mom?", Bobby gasped anxiously.

"As soon as you can shoot it, stud!", whimpered his mother. "Give it to
me, lover, as hot and sticky and quick as you can!"

"How about right now, Mom?"  whispered Bobby.

"Perfect!"

"You got it, Mom!"

Bobby's sperm shot from the end of his dick like a fountain, filling his
mother's bucking cunt with thick, creamy jets of boy-spunk.

"God, am I fucked...so fucked!", groaned Cathy. "I must be the luckiest
mother in the whole fucking world!"

"I think we both are, Cathy!", Helen gasped. She let her son's wilting
cock slip out of her sopping cunt and collapsed in a satisfied heap on
the floor, her legs falling shamelessly open. Cathy slithered off
Bobby's lap and landed on the floor beside her sister.

"Mmmmmmm, will you just look at my poor little pussy!", cried Cathy, her
yawning thighs framing the oozing condition of her messy cunt. "Have you
ever seen anybody who looked so fucked?"

Helen stared at her sister's drooling cunt and smiled.

"No, Sis, nobody.....except for me!"

Cathy had to agree as she gazed hungrily at the state of Helen's equally
ravaged fuck-hole. Dennis and Bobby sat panting on the couch, completely
drained, both of them absolutely exhausted from the sheer effort of
fucking their horny, insatiable mothers.

"Looks like our two studs are all fucked out for the moment, Sis!" 
observed Cathy, nodding towards the boys.

"Sure looks like it!", agreed Helen.

Cathy ran her fingers over her sister's sticky thighs and scooted
closer.

"Why don't we give them a little show, Sis?", Cathy whispered, flicking
the tip of her hot, wet tongue into her sister's ear. Helen shivered
with delight, running her hands over Cathy's jutting tits.

"What exactly do you have in mind?"

"Mmmmmmm, do I have to spell it out for you?", murmured Cathy, pushing
her sister onto her back. "You do want to eat my pussy as much as I want
to eat yours, don't you, babydoll?

Helen just moaned and pulled her sister on top of her, twisting around
until Cathy's dripping cunt was directly over her upturned face.

"Yes! Oh, yes! Suck me, Sis!", she begged. "Let's show our son's how we
get our jollies when there aren't any stiff cock's around. Let's show
'em everything, Cathy".

"Ohhhh, fuck yeahhhhhh!", moaned Cathy, rubbing her juice-filled slit
across
her sister's lips. "Lick it, hon! Oooooh! Suck Bobby's cum right out of
my cunt!"

Helen flicked out her tongue and took a long swipe through Cathy's
sticky gash, moaning with pleasure at the delightful flavour.

"Mmmmmmm!  God, you taste good, Sis!", Helen gasped, swallowing down a
big glob of jism and cunt-cream.

"Uhhhhhhhh, Jesus!  Baby!  Lick it all out!", groaned her sister.

Helen's hot tongue made another swipe through Cathy's pinkly oozing
pussylips, causing the horny woman to gasp loudly. Cathy's legs felt
weak and wobbly, as Helen began to eat her cunt in earnest. With a low
moan, Cathy fell forward and began to nuzzle at her sister's cuntlips.

"Spread your legs, Sis. I'm gonna eat your sweet cunt!", panted Cathy.

Pushing Helen's thighs wide apart, Cathy dipped her head and began
licking ardently at her sister's upraised cuntmound. Her fingers pulled
the wet, pulpy lips apart, and her tongue darted in and out, licking and
teasing the oily pink flesh that oozed out at her.  Cathy felt Helen's
cute little ass tighten and quiver as she plunged her tongue into her
sister's cunt as far as it would go.

"Ohhhhh, Cathy, baby!", cried Helen between licks of her sister's
drooling snatch. "Stick it right up there, lover! Fuck my cunt with your
tongue!"

Sweet melty feelings were soaring up between her legs. Her belly
fluttered wildly. She raised her ass up off the floor and mashed her
pussy hard into Cathy's face. Cathy was doing likewise. The wet, hungry
sounds of cunt-sucking soon filled the room as the two hotly aroused
sisters writhed around on the floor, licking the cum out of each other's
cunt.

On the couch, Dennis and Bobby stared in awe, watching their mother's
lewd lesbian sixty-nine with rising passion. Both boys were rubbing
absently at their limp pricks, which soon began to stiffen in their
fists at the highly stimulating scene being played out before them.

"God, Bobby! Will ya look at them go!", gasped Dennis, his bright young
eyes wide with lust.

Although he had heard other boys talking about women sucking each other
off, and had joked about it many times himself, he had never witnessed
it in the flesh, and now that he was, it excited him immensely. He
turned to Bobby and saw that his cousin was just as excited.

"Yeahhhh!", whispered Bobby. "Jesus, I've never seen my Mom do that
before!"

"Me either!" replied Dennis, getting down onto the floor beside the
women for a better look. Cathy noticed the boy's hardon immediately and
pulled her mouth off her sister's cunt for a moment.

"Don't just sit there playing with it Dennis!", she husked, eyeing off
her nephew's dick. "Get round behind me and put that thing to some good
use!"

"You mean fuck your cunt while Mom is sucking it?", asked Dennis. "No,
silly!" said Cathy. "There's another hole back there not being used!"

Dennis grinned wickedly as he realized what Cathy had in mind. He
scrambled quickly into position behind her, placing the tip of his prick
between the wide-spread cheeks of Cathy's deeply tanned ass. His
cockhead slid up against his aunt's crinkled asshole almost of it's own
volition, and as soon as he felt it make contact, Dennis grabbed her
hips and lunged forward.

"Ahhhhhgggghh! Ohhhhhhh, baby!", squealed Cathy, as she felt her
nephew's
huge cock slide deep into her hot, buttery asshole.  "That's
niiiiiiice!"

"Shut-up and suck my mother's cunt, bitch!", growled Dennis, slamming
his young cock hard into Cathy's twitching anus. "I'll do all the
talking from now on! Otherwise I won't fuck you, okay?"

"No! Don't stop!", begged Cathy. "Don't you dare take that wonderful
hard prick out of me!

"Then suck her, baby! Suck Mom's cunt while I fuck the shit out of your
hot fuckin' asshole!"

Cathy obeyed, sucking and slobbering on her sister's cunt as her excited
nephew fucked her squirming butt.His aunt's asshole was tight, very
tight, and as the slippery gripping sheath slipped back and forth on his
shaft, Dennis knew that despite his macho act, he wasn't going to last
long, even after coming like a fountain in his mother's cunt only
minutes before.

"God!  Bobby!", he gasped, trying to take his mind off the intense
pleasure he was feeling, so he wouldn't come so quick. "This is tight! 
You wanna try it for a while? We can take turns!"

"Yeah!  Good idea, Dennis!", replied his cousin. "Let's take turns
ass-fucking my Mom!"

Bobby knelt on the floor beside Dennis and held his hard, throbbing cock
at the ready, waiting for his cousin to pull out. When he did, Cathy
didn't even have time to register a complaint before her son's fat prick
slid inside her, filling her twitching butt with nine inches of hard
cockmeat.

Bobby fucked his mother with a slow familiar rhythm. He knew her passion
for ass-fucking, and always indulged her whenever they had sex. Unlike
Dennis, Bobby knew that he could fuck his mother's ass for hours, and
often did...much to Cathy's utter delight. Right now, the only thing
that was likely to push him over the edge too soon was the way his
aunt's nose occasionally brushed against the underside of his cock as he
fucked his mother's tight, buttery ass. The thought of Helen's pretty
face so close to his cock was extremely exciting.

Dennis sat on the floor beside them fisting his cock, keeping it hard
for his turn at Cathy's asshole. As he stroked his prick, the boy
reached out with his other hand and squeezed his aunt's dangling tits.
He fondled the firm, creamy globes and pinched her stiff nipples,
causing Cathy's moans of pleasure to become noticeably louder.

"Your turn, Dennis!", called Bobby, pulling his dick out of his mother's
asshole with a loud squelch.  Dennis wasted no time in replacing it with
his own, and was soon eagerly butt-fucking his gorgeous aunt once more,
rocking her slim hips with hard, savage strokes.

The two boy's traded places once more, and Bobby fucked Cathy while
Dennis pumped his cock and watched his mother. Helen was bucking her
hips up at her sister's mouth. Her cunt was wide open. The bright,
succulent gash gaped lewdly, oozing torrents of clear musk into Cathy's
suctioning mouth. Dennis stared transfixed as he watched his aunt feast
on his mother's eager snatch. Oily cum-juice soaked Cathy's chin, her
lips, her cheeks. His mother's cunt bush was matted and gooey with
slime. The wanton sight was like a magnet to the young boy, and he
crawled round between his mother's legs for a better look.

Bobby asked if he wanted a turn fucking Cathy, but Dennis just waved him
away, more interested in his mother's pussy at the moment. Bobby just
shrugged and continued his unhurried maternal assfuck. Dennis soon had
his face between his mother's wide-stretched thighs, alongside Cathy's.

"Does my Mom's pussy taste nice, Aunt Cathy?", grinned Dennis. Cathy
looked up at her nephew with glazed eyes. "Here, taste for yourself,
honey!"

She grabbed him by the back of the head and crushed her open lips
passionately onto his. He kissed her back, feverishly, and as Cathy
slithered her juice-covered tongue into his mouth, Dennis sucked it
hungrily, eager to sample the fruits of his mother's loins direct from
his aunt's hot mouth.

They kissed passionately for some time, only becoming aware of Helen's
urgency when they felt her steamy cunt humping up against their cheeks,
desperate for attention. Dennis and Cathy reluctantly broke their hot
kiss and fastened their lips on Helen's neglected cunt together, taking
turns to lick her juicy slit and suck the glistening, pink pussy-flesh
deep into their mouths.

Waves of ecstatic pleasure coursed through the entire length of Helen's
body as she felt two sets of hungry lips on her cunt. The knowledge that
they belonged to her son and her sister increased her lust a
hundredfold. She pulled her mouth from Cathy's pussy, unable to contain
her excitement.

"Uhhhhhh! Yessss! Suck me, both of you! Unnnnnnggghhh!  God, two mouths
are not only better than one....they're fuckin' fantastic! Ooooooh,
Godddd! Eat meeee!"

Dennis and Cathy were doing just that. Cathy's active and skillful
tongue fought her nephew's for the lion's share of Helen's tasty
snatch.  The duel ended in compromise, with Cathy sucking her sister's
erect clit while Dennis stabbed his tongue deep into his mother's gaping
fuckhole.  When their tongues occasionally met, Dennis and Cathy kissed
each other hotly, sharing Helen's abundant cunt-juices between them.

In no time at all, Helen was writhing and moaning like a madwoman under
the dual assault on her over-heated twat. So much so, that she was
completely neglecting her sister's cunt. All that mattered right now was
the incredible feelings of pleasure filling her brain.

Bobby was still ass-fucking his mother, watching the others with rising
excitement as he pumped steadily back and forth in her tight, hot
shit-chute. He looked down between his mother's thighs at his aunt's
open mouth. It was only inches from his cock, her full, sensuous lips,
delightfully parted in ecstasy. He suddenly had a wild idea! Pulling his
cock from his mother's hot, rectal sheath, the boy inserted it swiftly
into her equally hot cunthole, giving her a few quick thrusts before
pulling out again. Leaning forward he slowly eased his glistening cock
full-length into his aunt's open mouth.

Helen moaned as she swallowed her nephew's rock-hard prick, her lips
stretching wide around the long, thick shaft, slick with her sister's
cunt-juices. She sucked it hungrily, taking him as deep as she could
into her throat without choking on his throbbing young meat.

Suddenly, Bobby pulled his cock from her mouth and plunged it back into
his mother's juicy cunt. He began to fuck her hard, feeling his climax
approaching rapidly. Helen licked and sucked his swinging balls as Bobby
pounded his prick into Cathy's sloppy snatch. She licked her sister's
cunt-juices off his shaft and sucked on Cathy's swollen pussy-lips as
her son fucked her to orgasm.

Cathy had Dennis' cock in her mouth and was sucking the boy as hard and
fast as she could, wanting to get him off before she climaxed herself. 
Dennis was sucking his mother's cunt like a starved puppy, stabbing his
tongue deep up into her drooling hole and flicking at her throbbing
clit. All four of them were so close to orgasm that the room was filled
with the constant sound of
ecstatic moaning.

Dennis came first, grunting into his mother's open cunt as his cock
jerked and twitched between his aunt's lips, filling her mouth with jet
after jet of hot, creamy sperm. Cathy swallowed every drop, even though
the boy's ejaculation had triggered her own orgasm. Her cunt convulsed
around Bobby's plowing prick, squeezing her son's shaft so hard he
yelped in ecstasy and spurted his creamy, incestuous load into the
recesses of her spasming twat. Dennis plastered his mouth over his
mother's cunt as he came, and sucked on her clit hard. At the same time
he thrust his tongue into her juicy fuckhole and wriggled it around.
Helen came on the spot. She hunched her pussy at her son's face and
wailed in ecstasy as her climax exploded wave after wave of intense
pleasure through her shuddering body.

They all collapsed in a tangled heap of arms, legs, pussies and cocks,
their naked bodies shiny with sweat, pussy-juice and jism. Bobby's cock
slithered out of his mother's cunt and Helen watched as his creamy white
sperm leaked out of her sister's well-fucked little hole. She lifted her
head and lapped up the tasty mixture, poking her tongue into Cathy's
gaping slit to get more.

Dennis, licked the remains of his mother's cum from between her
quivering pussy-lips and sat up, his cheeks and chin glistening with her
juices.

"Wow!  That was fuckin' fantastic!", he grinned. "I've never been sucked
off and sucked cunt at the same time before!"

"You better get used to it, baby," purred Cathy, giving his limp cock
one last loving kiss. "'Cause I have a feeling you two are gonna have to
keep your mother and I happy for as long as you're here."

"I'll second that!", said Helen licking Bobby's sticky cock.

"Uhhhhhhh!  Me too!", gasped Bobby as Helen swallowed him whole and
nuzzled her nose in his pubic hairs.

In the next few days, the four of them hardly left the house. No one
wore any clothes and when they weren't eating they were fucking like
rabbits. Bobby and Dennis almost had enough stamina between them to
satisfy their horny mothers, but occasionally when both boys were
tuckered out at the same time, Helen and Cathy would pleasure each other
with their tongues. The extremely erotic display of their mothers
engaged in a hot and juicy sixty-nine usually got the boys hard again in
no time, and they were soon back in action, fucking their long, hard
cocks into the two squealing moms.

Eventually, though the time came to leave and Bobby and Dennis each gave
their aunts a long, slow good-bye fuck. Cathy and Bobby promised to come
and visit them as soon as they could. So, with bags packed and loaded in
the car, Helen and Dennis waved goodbye and headed off on the long drive
home.

                              The End.
