
Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy



	 Mellisa * (probably my first real incest story. Raw seduction
from a slutty18 yr. Old daughter.  Very quick starting!)



Mellisa unbuttoned her blouse, tore it off her shoulders and
flung it across the bedroom.  "I don't care, daddy." she said
sternly.  "You have to fuck me, and you have to fuck me now!!"

"But you're my daughter!" he snapped, covering himself
shamefully with his covers.  "Get out of my room before you do
something stupid."

"Daddy," she said as she reached behind her and unzipped the
zipper on her skirt.  "I'm 18 years old now.  I'm old enough
that you don't have to feel guilty about what were doing."

"We're not doing anything!" her father insisted.

"But you have to daddy," Mellisa demanded as she pulled the
skirt down her thighs, wiggling her hips back and forth to slide
it off.  Now she wore only her undergarments.  A nice little
innocent bra and panties, traditional white, nothing seductive,
yet...  "You just have to fuck me!"

"Why are you doing this?" her father demanded.  "Why are you
acting this way?"

"Because," she said as she unsnapped her bra and let it slide
off her shoulders.  "I need it.  I hear you and mom fucking in
her every damn night.  I'm right next door.  Can't you see what
it does to me?"

Her breasts were perfect, her father had to admit that to
himself.  She was well tanned without a single tan line on her
breasts.  He wondered were she sun bathed.  Mellisa cupped her
breasts in her hands and pinched her hard little nipples.

"I hear mom in here moaning like a whore in heat.  It sounds
like your fucking her brains out!  It's my turn daddy.  Nothing
wrong about it, just fuck me like you fuck mom.  Make me moan
like you make her moan.  Make you're little girl cum daddy."

"Mellisa," he said blushing.  "I can't"

"Don't tell me you don't think I'm attractive daddy" she said
coldly.

"Of course I do honey, but..."

"Look at me!" she demanded.  "Look at my face, look at my body,
look at this ass."  Mellisa turned around, bent over slightly
and pulled her panties down.  She rubbed her ass gently with her
hand, her long red fingernails digging in to the soft flesh of
her cheek.  "Tell me you don't like my ass.  Tell me you don't
want to know what it feels like to stick your cock in my hot
little pussy."

Mellisa pulled her panties down to her knees and spread her legs
slightly, keeping her ass facing her father.

"Look at my little cunt, daddy" she said as she stuck her hand
between her legs and parted her tight vaginal lips.  "Tell me
you don't want to lick my pussy.  Tell me you aren't hard as a
rock under those blankets thinking about fucking your little
girl."

Her father shifted his knees under the blanket uncomfortably. 
She was right and she knew it.  "It's not right and you know it
Mellisa, " he repeated.  

Mellisa turned around, walked to the head of the bed near her
father and turned her back to him again.  "Just touch my ass,
daddy.  Just touch it is all I ask.  Touch it and tell me that
you aren't turned on by it."

"I won't do it Mellisa," he said.

"Why?" she asked.  "you're afraid you'll like it aren't you?"

"Yes," he began, "I mean no.  I mean it's just not right."

"Just feel my ass daddy." she said, still bending over at the
waist.

He was finding it harder and harder to resist by the second. 
"If I do, will you leave me alone afterwards."

"Sure," she said coyly.  "Feel my ass and if you don't want to
fuck me, I'll leave"

Her father reluctantly reached out and put his hand on his
daughter's rear end for the first time in over 15 years.  It was
hot to the touch and soft but yet firm.

Mellisa pushed against her fathers hand and moved her ass up and
down.  "Go on," she said, "give it a good feel.  Squeeze it."

Her father found himself doing as she asked even though he knew
better.  Her ass was indeed very nice.  In fact, her ass was
much tighter than her mothers and felt so good in his hands. 
Quickly he drew away.  "Ok, get out of here," he said.

"First tell me something honestly." she said turning around to
face him.  Her hair was down and her long black hair all hung to
one side of her face.  Her father could not help looking her up
and down a moment.  Her little black patch of pubic hair looked
so inviting.

"Tell me that you find me sexy and want to fuck me," she said.

"Like I said," her father rejected.  "It's wrong."

"Tell me you want to fuck me," she insisted.

"Ok," her father gave in shamefully.  "A part of me wants to
know what it would be like, but just a part.  Now go."

"Daddy," she said getting on her knees by the bed and putting on
her pouty face.  "Do you know how tight my pussy is?"

"Mellisa, stop this," was all he could say.

"When I masturbate," she continued.  "when mom and you are in
here fucking, I can only get one finger inside me.  One finger! 
My cunt is so tight I can't stand it.  I've been fighting the
urge to get a fake dick for so long now.  I wanted you to be the
first big cock to stretch my pussy.  Now I can't take it any
longer.  If you don't stretch my pussy I'm going to have to do
it myself and you deserve to be the man to do it.  Please daddy,
stretch my tight little pussy with your big cock.  Stretch my
god-damn pussy like you have mother's.  Please!   Please!!!!"

"Mellisa!" her father half panted now.   "Why are you doing this
to me?"

"If you wont stretch out my pussy right now I'm going to go get
my dildo and stretch it out in front of you.  I swear!!  Please
daddy.  You'll never get the chance again to be the first man to
open my cunt wide like a whore.  I want to be you're loose
little bitch, but I want you to make me that way.  Fuck me
goddamn it!!!  FUCK ME!!!!"

"Goddamn it Mellisa!" her father yelled as he ripped off his
covered and exposed his naked body to his daughter.  His cock
was huge and swollen. "Get on your knees you little slut!"

 Mellisa panted and cried out, "Oh god, daddy.  I've needed this
for so long!"

Mellisa crawled up on the bed like an eager whore and grabbed
the headboard as she assumed the doggie position.  Her father
climbed up behind her like a cat and grabbed her ass tightly.

"Oh god!" she yelled quite loudly as she reached underneath her
and between her legs.  Quickly, eagerly, she spread her tight
little cunt with her fingers.  Her father grabbed the base of
his cock and pressed the head into her tight opening.  One hand
on his cock and the other on her shoulder, he pushed himself
into her as he pulled her on to him.

"Jesus fucking Christ!!!!!!!" Mellisa screamed.   "Oh my god!!  
Oh my god!!!"

Her father felt her vaginal muscles spasming around his cock
like a vice grip.  He had never felt anything so tight, so hot,
so wet.

"Jesus, I'm cumming!!!  One fucking thrust and I'm cuming like a
cheap slut!!!!" she yelled at the top of her lungs.

Surely the neighbors would hear and have him arrested her father
thought.  But it was too late.  He was in her and he was not
going to quit until he had pumped her so full of cum that she
couldn't move.  Quickly her father pulled out and pushed in
again.  Forcefully he slammed her ass with his thighs and the
headboard banged loudly against the wall.  She was screaming at
the top of her lungs now and he could feel her tight pussy
stretching and conforming to the invasion of his cock.

"Oh god!!!" Mellisa screamed.   "Fuck me daddy!  Oh god, yes. 
Fuck me.  I'm you're little bitch daddy.  I'll love you forever.
 Uh.... Love you for...uh...ever.  God!!!!!!"

He had only been in her maybe 60 seconds when he felt his balls
unload.  His cock jerked inside his daughter as his cum shot
inside her.  He could feel the warmth of his cum inside her.
Could feel her cunt constricting like a glove around him.

"Ohhhh godd!!!!!!" Mellisa screamed in ecstasy.  "yes, cum in me
daddy.  Cum in your little girl!"

Her father was still extremely excited by the fact that he was
fucking his own daughter.  He looked down at her ass, his thick
cock protruding from her tight slit and went crazy with lust. 
Pushing harder then before he crammed his cock to the balls in
his daughters snatch.  Pumping like a madman the headboard
banged the wall knocking a hole in the wall, but he didn't care.
 His cum flowed out of his daughters pussy in small rivers,
running down her leg and dripping off his balls.

"Daddy!" she screamed.  "Good god, daddy, you're making me cum
again!!!!!  Oh God!  Oh god..   OH GOD!!!!!!"  

Melissa was making noises like a wild animal.  Growling and
hissing she bit herself on the shoulder and tried grabbing her
jerking tits in animal passion, but her fathers pounding was too
great, knocking her against the wall so that she had to steady
herself again with both hands.

Then her father came again.  A force equal if not greater than
the first.  Spilling inside her like a torrent.  Mellisa bucked
and moaned as her father slowed his pace down.  Soon her father
stopped moving but his cock remained inside her as she panted
quietly, her cunt still spasming from orgasm.

Mellisa pushed herself against the wall, letting her fathers
cock slide out of her.  When it fell out she sighed, almost
cried and then rolled over and lay on her back.

"Quick," she whispered.  "Put it back inside me."

"I can't, baby" he whispered back.  "I'm destroyed.

"Just put it in me and hold me." she pleaded.  "no more
fucking."  Then she corrected herself "at least not right now."

Her father smiled and cringed as he pushed his semi-soft cock
inside her.  Mellisa moaned and grabbed her father, pulling him
down on top of her.

"Just leave it in me," she whispered in his ear.  "I want to
remember this.  Our first fuck."

With that Mellisa scratched his back lightly as her cunt spasmed
a few more times then subsided.  "It was perfect."

	****

	"Honey, I'm home!"  Mellisa heard her mother yell from
downstairs.

"Oh shit!" Mellisa hissed as she jumped out of her fathers bed
and snatched up her skirt, bra and panties.

Slowly her father stirred.  seeing his daughter frantically
snatching up her clothes, he realized that there was trouble.

"What is it?" he whispered before even looking at the clock.

"Mom's home!" Mellisa barked quietly.

"Shit!!!" he snapped as he looked around the room, searching for
some way out of this.

She was coming up the stairs now, Mellisa could hear her.  She
only had a few seconds to get out of the room.  Seeing his
daughters blouse wadded in a pile in the corner Sam sprang out
of bed and kicked it under a pile of clothes as his daughter
slipped naked out of the room.

Samantha Blake entered the room and all hell broke loose.  She
looked at the bed.  A mess as always, but somehow different. 
Her husband wide awake but still naked standing at the foot of
the bed.  And what was this?  A hole in the wall where the
headboard pole would have been easy to create it.  Then there
was the smell.  The smell of another woman.  The smell of sex.

"What the hell is going on here Sam?" she screamed, throwing her
sack of papers to the floor.  "You been fucking around on me?"

Mellisa could hear her clearly through the wall.  What a two
faced bitch, Mellisa thought.  Her mother had been cheating on
him for nearly 10 years now, in front of her, and she still
pretended she cared what he did.  And poor dad.  He was none the
wiser.  Thinking his wife was the most faithful woman the world.
 If only he knew.

Listening as she dressed Mellisa heard them both yelling about
one thing and another.  Dad insulted that she would accuse him
and mother screaming that this would mean divorce.  Mellisa knew
better of course, but dad thought that divorce was possible. 
Mother would never leave dad.  Not as long as she could keep up
the charade.  She loved bringing men home when he was gone.  The
fact that she was married made sex more enjoyable with other
men.  She would never give that up willingly.  But dad, he
didn't know that.

The fight only lasted an hour - had to since dad had to be at
work soon.  They hadn't really seen each other much for years. 
Dad worked graves, mother worked days.  The would usually screw
each other for about an hour before he left for work then it
would be nearly 24 hours before they would see each other again.
 Dad deserved better.  Mellisa intended to give him better.

Father left for work and soon after mother came knocking at the
door of Melissa's room.

"Yes?" Mellisa said weakly.

"Can I talk to you?" her mother asked.

"Sure, " she replied.  "Come on in."

Samantha opened the door and walked in.  She was a beautiful
woman still.  Mid-life had not taken it's toll yet and her
mother planned to make every minute of it.

"Did you're father have anyone over today?" she asked softly

"No mother," she snapped.  "He didn't."

"Look," her mother said.  "you can tell me.  You know I won't
divorce him.  Hell, he deserves to cheat on me.  It's about time
really."

"Well," Mellisa thought.  "Maybe he does have someone else."

"I thought so," her mother stated flatly.  "Is she pretty?"

"I think so," Mellisa smiled.  "I think she is very pretty."

Her mother sighed.  "It figures.  Well, I'm glad for him I
guess.  He doesn't know about me does he?"

"No mother," Mellisa assured her.  "He doesn't have a clue how
many men you have had here."

"Good," she smiled.  "I hope to keep it that way.  Maybe now he
can feel a little guilty for a change."

"Mom, you don't feel guilty at all for what you do"

Her mother did not answer but only looked at the floor in
silence.

"Someone coming over tonight?" Mellisa asked.

"Yes," her mother stated quietly.

"Who?"

"A nice man I met today at work.  He came in on his lunch break.
 Drives a BMW.  Some kind of big wig I think?"

"You want me to do the usual?"

"Would you honey?"

"Of course mother.  I have no choice now do I?"

Her mother had developed a habit over the years.  She would find
a new man nearly every day, lure him to come over at night and
fuck his brains out.  As her mother liked, Mellisa would barge
in on them, sometimes watch them the whole time.  Her mothers
favorite game was to get the man in bed, have Mellisa come in
during the most heated moment and yell that she was going to
tell dad.  Then while the poor unsuspecting man worried about
being killed by some jealous husband her mother would beg
Mellisa to tell her father about the man as she reached orgasm
thinking about what a slut she was.  Of course Mellisa would
never tell her father really.  Her mother made it quite clear
that if she did, she would kill them both.  Knowing her mother
like she did, she never doubted it for a second.  No, she loved
Dad too much.  She would never tell him.  Instead she would
become his secret lover and maybe someday...



****

	Her father came home at his usual 5am and mother had already
left for work.  Mellisa knew they were purposely trying to avoid
each other for years.  They both were gone for more hours than
there are in a work day, but Mellisa didn't mind so much now.

"How was work today daddy? " Mellisa asked as she sat on the
couch in a tube top and nothing else.

Her father glanced down at her bare ass and supple tanned legs
and shuttered.  He could see her erect nipples poking through
her top.  "We have to talk," he said flatly as he sat in the
chair across the room.

"Talk?" Mellisa said shyly, "why daddy, you disappoint me."

"I've been thinking..." he started.

Tami got up and crossed the room.  Her shapely hips wiggling so
prettily as she walked up to her father.  Her little black patch
of pubic hair was squarely in his face now.  "Thinking?" she
said seductively.  Slowly she lifted her left leg and rested her
foot on the arm of the chair her father was sitting in.  Her
tight little cunt was exposed now and her father could smell her
womanly aroma.  "Thinking about fucking your daughter?"

"No Mellisa" he said coldly, trying not to stare at her wet
clit.  "Thinking we made a mistake yesterday.  A big mistake."

"The only mistake you made daddy, was not fucking me years ago."

Mellisa pulled her tube top over her head and her hair fluttered
about her shoulder beautifully.  "You should have been fucking
me since I was 15 she said.  Then you could have been the first
man I had ever been with."

Suddenly her father forgot what he was planning all day to say. 
"Who did you sleep with when you were 15?" he asked a bit
angrily.

"Why daddy," she said poutingly as she rubbed her nipples to
erect peaks.  "Are you jealous?"

"No Mellisa!" he shouted.  "I'm not jealous!  I'm your father!"

"Should have fucked me when I was 15," she repeated.  " I wanted
you back then you know.  If you would have come to me I would
have done it willingly."

Mellisa climbed up in the chair facing her father and sat her
tight ass on his knees.  "I used to see those television shows
about incest and how fathers would sneak into her daughters
rooms and fuck them nightly and I used to dream that you would
do that to me."

Her father found himself uncontrollably putting his hands on her
waist.  "Once when you were 13..." he said looking in her eyes.

"Yes father," she whispered as she reached down and rubbed his
stiff cock through his pants.

"I can't believe I'm telling you this," he began. "Once when you
were 13 I saw you sleeping in your bed and I thought to
myself..."

"You wanted to fuck me?" she cooed as she began unzipping his
pants.

"Ya, I guess," he said.  "I mean I suddenly felt this incredible
urge to kiss your naked breasts.  You were so young.  I'm so
ashamed."

"Father," she said as she pulled his large cock out of his pants
and scooted up to position her cunt over it.  "You should have
fucked me then."

"But......oh God!" he stopped in mid sentence as Mellisa slid
his cock inside her tight pussy and pushed herself down slowly
on him.

"But what daddy?" she smiled and flinched as she felt a slight
pain when he was all the way inside her.  He was so big!

"But it was wrong."

Mellisa arched her back and grabbed the arms of the chair.  Her
tummy was extended, her tits giggling slowly as she slid herself
up and down his cock in slow rhythm.  "Like it's wrong right now
for me to have my fathers cock inside me?"

"Yes...." her father moaned and laughed at the same time.  "A
lot like that."

Mellisa continued to methodically work her fathers cock in and
out of her tight slit in slow passion.  Her father held one hand
on her back to keep her from falling backwards and one hand
rubbed her heavy breasts.  She reached behind her and fondled
her fathers balls as she worked him up and down.

"Oh Mellisa," her father groaned.  "This is so wrong."

"Daddy," she whispered as she sat up strait and kissed him
softly on the lips.  "nothing could be more right."

Softly she stuck her tongue in her fathers mouth as she
continued to slowly grind his large organ. "I will make love to
you the rest of my life," she whispered in his ear.  "I promise."

Her father grabbed her tight ass passionately and squeezed as
she pumped him slowly.  Carefully he spread her ass with his
hands and ran his finger along the crack of her ass.  He reveled
in the feel of her tight little asshole and pushed his finger
into it as she rode him.

"Oh daddy," Mellisa cooed.   "you know just how to please a
girl."

Her father forced his finger carefully up her hot ass and worked
it in and out as her pussy wiggled and clamped on his cock with
every finger movement.

"We have all day together," she whispered.  "I want you to fuck
my ass later.  No one has ever fucked my ass daddy.  Do you want
to be the first?"

"Yes sweety," he panted as he squeezed her ass and forced his
finger deeper.  "Yes I want to be the first man to have his cock
in this little tight ass."

"you will daddy," she whispered as she ground her pussy hard and
slow on his throbbing cock.  "You will be the first and the
last.  Only you will get to fuck my ass, daddy.  Only you."

Her father smiled and squeezed her ass tightly.  He was cuming. 
It shot up in his daughter hard and hot.  Mellisa moaned and
pressed herself down harder on his cock, leaving herself impaled
on him.

"It feels to good to have my daddy's cum dripping down my
thigh," she said as she passionately stuck her tongue in his
mouth again.  "I wish the whole world could see how my daddy
fucks me.  He fucks me soooo good!"



****

	They lay together like spoons sleeping for hours, Mellisa and
her father.  He, wrapped around her naked body, his hand on her
flat tummy.  She fell asleep with the comforting feel of his
heavy, limp cock against her ass.  She knew that when they woke,
that big thing against her wouldn't be limp for long. 
Blissfully they slept, together, father and daughter.

She woke to the gentle kissing of her father on her neck.  "You
awake honey?" he asked softly.

"Mmmmm...." Mellisa moaned as she rolled over and kissed her
father on the lips.  "Yes daddy.  You're little girl is awake."

Her father was hard as rock already.

"I see you love me," Mellisa smiled as she grabbed her fathers
cock and fisted it expertly a few times.

"Ya," he smiled.  "I love you baby.  I still can't believe this
is all happening."

Mellisa cuddled up to him, his hard cock pressed against her
belly, her firm breast against his chest.  "Believe it daddy,"
she said softly as she kissed him.

"Remember what you said in the chair earlier?" her father asked.

"About how you should have fucked me when I was 13?"

"No," he said shyly.  "About what no other man has done to you."

"You mean fucking my tight ass?' she asked grabbing his cock and
squeezed it playfully.

"Yes," he laughed.  "Was that true?"

"Yes," she assured him.  "You will be the first."

"Well," he prodded nervously.

"You want to fuck me now?" she giggled sleepily.

"Yes," he stated firmly.  "Are you up to it?"

Mellisa smiled and kissed her father deeply, pressing her tongue
in his mouth like a horny slut.  "Anything for you daddy."

Melissa's father rolled over and opened up the door on the
headboard.  Reaching into a Kleenex box he pulled out a tube of
K-Y jelly.

"Oh daddy," Mellisa moaned.  "you came prepared.  Does mother
like you to fuck her ass too?"

"Honestly," he said.  "You're mother wont let me even try."

"Then why the tube of jelly?" she asked.

"Well," he blushed slightly.  "I always had it around just in
case she changed her mind."

"Well I hope she never does" Mellisa said as she rolled on to
her stomach and spread her ass cheeks apart playfully with her
right hand as she rubbed her hand across her fathers chest.  " I
want my ass to be the only ass you fuck for the rest of your
life."

Melissa's father squirted a liberal amount of K-Y into his hand
and began to lube his cock with his left hand.  "Well, baby.  I
promise that after this, I will never ask your mother to do it
again.  You'll be the only one."

Mellisa smiled and shoved a finger up her ass as she bucked
gently.  "Be gentle with me daddy.  You're cock is so big and my
ass is so tight."

"I will" he assured her as he rolled on top of her and slid his
lubricated cock into the crack of her ass.  Playfully he slid it
up and down her crack, lubing her tiny little hole.  He had to
admit, it looked like a pretty tight fit.

Mellisa grabbed a pillow and sank her face into expecting to
scream.  Her father was very gentle.  Carefully he pressed his
lubed cock-head against her hole until it parted slightly.  He
pushed until only a small portion of his head was in her then
drew back and rubbed his cock up and down her crack again.  She
was squirming with anticipation.

He took literally an hour to work up to having his head engulfed
in her hot ass.  Mellisa bit the pillow and moaned but urged him
to continue.  "Come on daddy, cum in my tight little ass."

An hour later he had his cock buried in his daughters ass and
she was screaming.   "God!!!!  It's so big daddy.  You're cock
is so big!"

Carefully he slid out and then pushed back in.  her ass pulled
tightly around his shaft making him fight the urge to cum.

"Fuck me daddy!" she screamed.   "Fuck you're little girls
virgin ass!"

Obligingly her began to pump her tight hole.  He could feel her
entire insides squeezing his cock with incredible pressure. 
Screaming and bucking his daughter gasped out cries of pleasure.
 "Oh...my ass...my daddy has his cock...up my ass!!! 
Ohhhhhhh!!!!!"

Her father watched his handy work.  her ass giggled and bounced
as he pumped her and her tight hole grabbed and pulled at him
when he slid out of her.  It was so beautiful he couldn't
believe it.  "You're gorgeous when you have a cock up your ass. 
You know that honey?"

Mellisa had tears of pain in her eyes but she flipped her head
back at him in passion.  "I'm gorgeous when I have YOUR cock up
my ass daddy!  Oh god.  You're gorgeous when you have your cock
up my ass!!!!!"

Her father grimaced in mild pain as her ass clenched harder on
his cock.  He watched her eyes and saw love and passion.

"Daddy," she panted as he continued to penetrate her inner
reaches.  "Promise me you won't stop fucking me some day. 
Promise me that you're cock will be in my mouth or my pussy or
my ass every day.  Promise me daddy!"

"I'm promise sweetheart," he gasped as he reached his orgasm. 
He pulled out and jerked cum all over his daughters ass while he
gasped for air and assured her, "I promise I will fuck you every
day for the rest of your life."

Mellisa happily rubbed her fathers cum all over her back and
fell asleep again while he took a shower.

	***

	"You're what????" Allyson half screamed.

"You heard me, " Mellisa grinned evilly.  "I'm sleeping with my
father"

"Tell me it's not true!"  Allyson begged.  "Tell me it's April
Fools or something, but don't tell me you're sleeping with your
own father!"

Mellisa sat back on the couch and smiled.  "Honest to God.  I'm
fucking my father," she stated firmly.

"You're sick!" Allyson shouted.  "How did it happen?"

"I seduced him," Mellisa stated matter-of-factly.

"YOU seduced HIM???" Allyson inquired.  "What were you thinking?"

"I was thinking it would be great to get my brains fucked out by
my own daddy," she smiled. "And you know what?  Ohhhh, it was
just as good as I imagined it would be."

Allyson sat back in disbelief.  "You seduced your own father,"
she managed to say.

"Yes," Mellisa agreed.  "You should try it too."

"Are you crazy?" Allyson shouted again.  "You think I should
seduce my own father and sleep with him?  You're..., you're....,
you're just plain nuts. That's what you are."

"No," Mellisa demanded.  "Listen to me."

Allyson shook her head in the negative but listened none the
less.

"Ok," Mellisa began.  "Sex does not have to equal love right?"

"I'm not going to seduce my father, " Allyson argued.

"Just answer me," Mellisa went on.  "Sex does not have to equal
love, right?"

"Right" Allyson answered regretfully.

"And you have had sex with men before who you weren't in love
with, right?"

"Ya, but they weren't my father, " she had to add.

"But you had sex with people you knew you would never have a
relationship with just for the pleasure of sex, right?"

"So what," she defended herself.  "Everyone does that once and a
while.

"Exactly!" Mellisa pointed out.  "Is your father faithful to
your mother?"

"I think so," Allyson said.

"So you're father is just like everyone else. someone who would
like to have sex with someone else just for the pure pleasure of
it and nothing more, don't you think?"

"Maybe, maybe not," Allyson argued, but that person certainly
shouldn't be me.

"And why not?" Mellisa argued.  "He married your mother and
loves your mother deeply, right?"

"Right," Allyson said.

"So he wouldn't feel right sleeping around with just anyone,"
Mellisa continued.  "but you would be perfect"

Allyson frowned, "I know I don't want to know the answer, but
why would I be the perfect person for my dad to fool around on
mom with"

"Because you are so much like her," Mellisa pointed out.  "You
look just like you're mother when she was your age, only,
perhaps better built."  Allsyon had a tremendous pair of boobs
that drove all the boys wild in school.

"So?" Allsyon prodded.

"So, you're father can think of you as being her when she was
younger and it is not as bad as if he picked some little tramp
at a bar or something."

Allyson and Mellisa argued for hours and somewhere around 10am
Allyson agreed to test the waters so to speak and see if her
father thought of her that way.

He had gotten up only 45 minutes ago and the girls had kept
their conversation quite since then.  The plan was this. 
Mellisa would fake taking a nap on the livingroom couch while
Allyson went into the back yard and sunbathed with no top on. 
She was beautiful, Allyson was.  Her platinum blonde hair
shining in the sun, her hot pink lipstick matching her hot pink
shorts and her bare naked breast exposed to the world, tanned to
perfection already.

Sure enough, through the small slit of her eye Mellisa could see
Allyson father start to do the dishes as he stared out into the
back yard at his daughter.

"She's doing it on purpose you know," Mellisa said, half scaring
Allyson father to death.

"Doing what?" he asked nervously as if he had not just been
staring in lust at his daughters naked body.

"She's tanning in the nude to get your attention."

"You're crazy," he said as he turned the water on and began
filling the sink.

"Listen to me Rob," Mellisa said getting off the couch.  "She
wants you to stare at her.  She wants to know if you find her
attractive."

"Of course I find her attractive," Rob stated.  "she's my
daughter and the daughter of a beautiful woman."

"Does she look like your wife used to look years ago?" she asked.

Rob looked back out the window shamefully and mumbled.  "Even
better."

"Fuck her," Mellisa commanded.	

"What?" he snapped back.  "Does you're father know you talk like
this?

Mellisa smiled and began unbuttoning her blouse.  "You'd be
surprised what my father knows about me.

Mellisa pressed up beside him and said, "Look out the window. 
Look at her.  She is so beautiful.  Perfect blonde hair, perfect
breasts, perfect body.  Go fuck her now."

"She's my daughter." he stated not to strongly.

"All the more reason you should fuck her," Mellisa stated.  "She
needs daddy's love and affection."

"She'd kill me if I told her I was watching her through the
window.

Mellisa turned off the water.   "All you have to do is walk out
into the back yard and ask her "what do you want from me.  She
told me if I could get you to ask that question she would tell
you that she wants you to fuck her."

After a lot of persuading Rob opened the back door and went out
into the back yard.  Mellisa watched through the window as Rob
approached his daughter.  She could not hear any words but she
saw Allyson sit up and look more sexy then Mellisa had ever seen
her.  Suddenly Allyson was pulling her pink shorts off her well
tanned legs and her father was getting on his knees at the foot
of the lawn chair.  Mellisa watched as Allyson bent her legs at
the knees and scooted her pussy into her fathers face.  Rob was
eating pussy like a mad man.  Mellisa had never seen someone
with such determination.  Allyson bucked and grabbed her fathers
head in her hands.  Allsyon looked toward the window and smiled
as her father stood up and pulled his shorts off.  Mellisa could
see his cock clearly.  Not huge, but certainly well shaped. 
Allyson would have a great time, she knew it.

	****

	"How would you like to switch?" Mellisa asked the next day.

"What do you mean?" Allyson asked.

"You fuck my father and I fuck yours," Mellisa clarified.  "What
do you think?"

Allyson smiled.  She had always found Sam attractive for an
older man.  The idea of  Mellisa approving of her sleeping with
him and even setting it up appealed to her.  "Sure," she agreed.
 "When?"

Mellisa looked to the bathroom where Allison's father was
showering.  "How about now?"  she asked.  "I'll screw him now
and then you can come to my house tonight and have my father."

Allyson giggled, "what, are you just going to walk in on him?"

"Sure," Mellisa agreed.  "Wanna watch?

Allyson shook her head in the affirmative and followed Mellisa
to the bathroom.  Mellisa opened the door and walked in.  The
shower curtains were drawn and Mellisa yelled over the curtain. 
"I've got to use the bathroom Rob."

"Ok," he answered back.

Giggling quietly, Mellisa undressed as Allyson sat on the toilet
seat and watched.  Mellisa had a wonderful body, Allyson had
noted that long ago.  What Mellisa didn't know is that Allyson
had always had a crush on Mellisa.  One of those curious type
crushes.  Allyson had wanted to have sex with Mellisa for almost
a year now but could never get the nerve to tell her.

Mellisa yelled into the shower again, "I seem to have gotten
dirty," she yelled.  "Can I come in there with you and take a
shower?"

"What???" he shouted back as Mellisa pulled the curtain back at
the far end of the tub and stepped in.

Robs hands shot to his genitals to cover them up.  "What the
hell are you doing?," he snapped.

"Getting fucked by you in the shower," she giggled as she
pressed up to him with her tits against his chest.

Allyson could not see what was going on but could hear it
clearly.

"I know you want me Rob," Mellisa said as she got on her knees
in the shower.  "I know you want me to suck your cock."

The water soaked Melissa's hair quickly and the sight of this
young women on her knees with water cascading down her tits was
more than Rob could take.  He removed his hands to reveal his
hard member.  Mellisa wasted no time and engulfed him easily in
her mouth.

"Oh god!" Rob moaned as he grabbed at a slippery wall to steady
his weak knees.

"What?" Mellisa said as she slurped herself off of his rod. 
"You like me sucking your cock?"

"Yes," he groaned.  "You're ...OH...fucking beautiful."

"You're daughter is just on the other side of the curtain,"
Mellisa said as she nibbled on his fleshy head.  "Let's open the
curtain and let her watch you fuck me."

Allyson took her cue and opened the curtain all the way.  Her
fathers face was flushed with embarrassment.

Mellisa stood up, turned her back to rob and pressed her wet
slippery ass against his hard cock.  It was a sight more smaller
then her own fathers cock, but she had learned that size is not
everything.  A good stiff cock was a good stiff cock any way you
sliced it.

Rob looked at his daughter as if making sure it was all right by
the look in her eyes he knew that it was.  Rob grabbed a bar of
soap and lathered up Melissa's ass heavily.

"Yes, fuck my ass!" Mellisa begged as she leaned over and
grabbed the back wall.

Robs cock slid in easily to Mellisa tight anal passage.  Allyson
slipped her hand into her shorts and began to finger herself as
her father slid his cock in and out of this beautiful girls ass.
 Allsyon was not thinking about her father but about Mellisa. 
She fingered her snatch thinking about how she wanted to stick
her tongue up Mellisa's tight hole.  Some day, she thought.	

	***

	Mellisa walked in the door with Allyson who was very nervous to
say the least.

"Hi, daddy!" Mellisa said as she walked up to her father and
kissed him soundly on the lips as he sat in his easy chair.  He
looked at her suspiciously.

"Don't worry," Mellisa said.  "Allyson knows all about us."

"What do you mean?" her father asked nervously.

"I mean," Mellisa said as she got down on her knees in front of
her father and grabbed his belt buckle. "She knows we are
fucking each other."

Her father leaned forward and protested, "what are you doing? 
Trying to get me arrested?"

"Relax Daddy," she said as she pushed him back in the chair and
unzipped his pants.  "It's fathers day and Allyson is one of my
little gifts to you for being such a wonderful father."

Sam blushed as his cock stiffened, "what do you mean?"

"Oooh," Mellisa cooed. "I see you like that idea." Gently she
pulled his swollen rod out from his tight restraints and quickly
she leaned over and stuck his cock in her mouth.

"Oh h" was all her father could say as he leaned back and looked
down at his daughter with her fathers cock between her lips.

Mellisa slurped and pulled free a moment. "First, I'm going to
suck your big cock while she watches." Mellisa plunged her mouth
back on her fathers rod and tongued his shaft expertly.

"Then" she said as she pulled him out again, "You're going to
take a shower with Allyson and fuck her brains out while I
watch."  She quickly engulfed his cock again and played with his
cock head between her teeth.

"And finally, you are going to have us both at the same time,"
she said between slurps.  

Allyson slowly began to squirm on the couch in anticipation as
she watched Melissa's father getting off on his daughter sucking
him in front of her.  He was grabbing the back of his daughters
head and pushing her down on his massive cock while staring at
her. Allyson plunged her hand into her shorts and quickly
fingered her snatch open and inserted two fingers.

Sam jerked spasmodically when he saw this and yelled, "Oh, god!"

Mellisa pulled up a bit on her fathers cock and Allyson could
tell she was swallowing his cum as it jerked and pulsed between
her lips.  Allyson frigged herself wildly as Mellisa opened her
mouth, cum still on her tongue and messily lick her fathers
balls. Leaning to one side to get a better view, Allyson could
see one last squirt of cum rise out of the mans massive cock
head and run down the base of his shaft as Mellisa licked it off
expertly.

"No time to rest, daddy" Mellisa said as her fathers cum ran
down her chin.  "Up to the shower with you."

Sam could see the wild look on the 18 year old Allyson and it
drove him to passion even though he had blown a substantial load
into his daughters eager mouth just a second ago.

Allyson got off the couch in a hurry, her huge breasts giggling
under her tube top.  Good god, Sam had never seen tits like that
on a woman.  He had wanted Allyson ever since her and his
daughter became friends a year ago.

Allyson was up the stairs in no time as Sam got out of the chair
slowly.  Mellisa kissed her father on the lips before whispering
"This is the only time you get to have her, you hear?"

"Sure," Sam whispered back as he buttoned up his pants to keep
the from falling down and wrapped his arm around his daughter. 
Together they walked up to the bathroom.  

Allyson was sitting on the padded toilet seat still dressed in
her shorts and tube top, her pretty little nipples standing hard
as a rock through her shirt.  She looked as if she suddenly were
nervous and unsure of herself.

Mellisa sat on the bathroom floor and told her father to go
ahead and start a shower.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" Sam asked Mellisa before he
even started to unbutton his pants.

"Oh yes," Allyson replied.  "As long as you do."

Sam smiled at his daughter sitting in the corner.  She was
taking off her shorts and panties as they talked. "Ya, I want
to," he said to Allyson.

Quickly Sam undid his pants and pulled them off with his
underwear.  His cock was now semi-limp but still quite
magnificent Allyson thought.

Allyson stood up and pulled her tube top over her head.  Her
heavy breasts fell out of the top and bounced vigorously as the
top came off.  Sam's cock began to spring to attention.  He had
never seen such beautiful breasts.  He liked Melissa's, that was
for sure, but this girl was amazing.

Sam ripped his shirt over his head as Allyson thumbed the
waistline of her shorts and tugged them off, wiggling her hips
free from her shorts.  Sam noticed the perfect little blonde
patch of pubic hair and one of the greatest asses he had ever
seen as she wiggled free.  His cock was rock hard now as he
turned on the water and felt it for the correct temperature.

Mellisa left her shirt on but played with her pussy teasingly as
she watcher her father and Allyson get into the shower.

Sam grabbed Allyson gently and pulled her to him.  Allyson
looked up into Sam's eyes as their bodies collided and her mouth
met his.  Her tongue shot into his mouth and sent shivers up his
spine.  This young woman was incredible, Sam thought.  Her body
pressed against his, he could feel her huge breasts against him.
Sticking his leg between hers he pressed his leg into her pelvic
area, smashing her pussy and rubbed his leg back and forth as he
kissed her.

The two broke free and Allyson leaned back into the water,
soaking her hair as Sam reached for the soap.  Slowly, Sam
rubbed the bar of soap over Allison's perfect globes of flesh. 
Allison's breasts were quickly lathered as soap ran down her
flat belly and between her legs.  Her hair was long and wet, her
mascara smeared and gorgeous.

Allsyon took the soap from Sam and looked him in the eyes as she
reached down.  She was incredible: long wet blonde hair, black
mascara streaking down her cheeks, incredible breasts heaving
with every breath, lathered in soap.

Allsyon grabbed Sam's cock with one hand as she began lathering
his balls with the soap in the other.  She looked down to admire
his large cock as she lathered it up and began to masturbate him
with soapy hands.

Sam could take it no longer.  He turned Allyson around, and
pushed her forward so that she had to drop the soap and put her
hands on the wall to keep from falling over.  Sam got down on
one knee to get the soap and found his face in Allison's tight
ass.  Gently he bit her ass as he grabbed the soap and began to
rub it all over her buttocks.  He wanted to plunge his tongue
into her wet pussy, but he decided there was time for that later
as he stood up, her ass well soaped and glistening.

Grabbing his cock at the base, he guided it  directly between
Allison's slightly spread legs and pushed it into her blonde
snatch.

"GODDDDD!!!!!!!!!" Allyson moaned as loud as she could as she
slipped on the wall and fell against it for a moment. 
Repositioning her hand she reached with the other hand to
squeeze her tits and play with her hard nipples.

Sam could tell she quite a bit more experienced than his
daughter.  She was much looser and he could feel her spasming
clit much less than when he screwed Mellisa.  Still, the thought
of her being screwed by other men just drove him to more
passion.   Quickly he grabbed her hips and began ramming his
cock in and out of her loose wet cunt.

Allison's breasts giggled prettily as she pawed them in rhythm
with Sam's furious pumping. "Oh God!, Oh God!!  OH GOD!!!!!!"
she screamed as he pumped her faster and faster.  Frantically
she looked for a foothold and raised her leg, placing it on the
rim of the tub to give Sam a easier access.

With her legs spread further apart Sam plunged deeper into
Allison's gaping pussy.

"Oh my GODDDDD!!!!!!  "  Allyson screamed as Sam crammed himself
into her to the balls.

Mellisa was fingering her pussy wildly as she watched the two of
them.  Sam continued to pump fast and furious as Allyson bucked
in wild passion, grabbing her tits when she could and squeezing
them forcefully.

Sam took his cock out of Allyson and slapped it on her ass cheek
playfully before plunging it back in easily.

"Yes!" Allyson screamed. "Oh God, yes!!!"

Allyson could hardly stay on her feet as Sam pounded her
frantically.  She turned her head back to him every few seconds,
licking her lips and squeezing her tits as he fucked her.

"I'm going to cum!" Sam bellowed as he approached his orgasm.

"OOoooo!" Allsyon cooed as Sam pulled out of her and jerked his
hot load all over her soapy ass.

"Oh my god!" Allsyon half moaned as she reached behind her and
rubbed his cum all over her cheeks and into her pussy.  "Yes,"
she pleaded, "yes."

Sam turned the shower off, got out and sat on the toilet seat
exhausted as he looked at Allyson.  She was still bucking, her
back arched and up against the shower wall, rubbing his cum into
the crack of her ass and moaning as she smiled at him. "Thank
you," she said as she shuddered and rubbed herself some more.

"Now it's to bed with all of us," Mellisa said as she stood up
with a horny look in her eyes.

"Honey, " her father choked. "I'm exhausted."

Allyson was more than eager to continue and looked at Mellisa
disappointedly.

"That's ok," Mellisa said as she helped her father stand up and
led him to the bedroom.  "You don't have to do a thing.  We'll
take care of you, wont we Allyson?"

Allyson shook her head vigorously in agreement like a over-eager
whore.

The three of them laid on the bed: Allyson on one side, Mellisa
on the other, and Sam in the middle.

Sam's cock was still hard but going down quick as Allyson leaned
over, her head at his waist.  "You were wonderful," she said as
she wrapped her lips around his half swollen cock and began to
suck him.

Sam tried to concentrate to get hard but he couldn't quite get
back to full potential, even with an expert like Allsyon working
his rod.

Mellisa took off her shirt and bra and began kissing her father.
 She got up on her knees and crawled to the head of the bed
where she straddled her fathers face and sat down slowly over
his mouth.  Mellisa was facing the wall so Allyson could see her
pussy easily as she eased down on Sam's face.  God, she had a
perfect cunt, Allyson thought.  Some day, I'm going to eat that
pussy.

Sam's cock got rock hard again as he tasted his daughters cunt. 
Plunging his tongue in her snatch, he pulled her down on his
face more to get deeper penetration.

Allyson climbed up on Sam and guided his cock into her loose
cunt as she sat down on it.  His cock slid effortlessly into her
gaping slit and she moaned loudly. "Ooooo, god yes!"

Mellisa looked back to see that Allyson was fucking her father
again and smiled at her.

Sam eagerly licked his daughters slit and Mellisa began to buck
and writhe on his face. "Yes daddy," she whispered.  "Eat my
pussy daddy!"	

Allyson leaned forward a bit to arch her back and thrust her ass
up and down on Sam's throbbing cock.  "Yes, god!  Oh god!" she
barked as she impaled herself over and over on Sam's iron shaft.

Sam looked between his daughters legs to see Allison's huge tits
swinging slowly as she rode him up and down, her pink lipstick
lips parted in an oval as she moaned, "Oooo, god, fuck me!"

Sam licked his daughters ass and clit a bit more and looked back
at Allyson who sat up when he looked at her and drove herself
onto him forcefully.

"Uhhh!" Sam groaned as he was jammed inside her.  Allison's tits
were full and giggling as she rocked back and forth, sliding his
cock around inside her.  Throwing her hands to her side and
bouncing up and down she began to breath heavy and pant. 
"Oh......god....ooooooo, I'm cumming!!!!" she moaned like a
little girl.  Her tits were bouncing beautifully as she flipped
her head from side to side, "I'm cumming!  Oh God!!!!! I"M
CUMMING!!!!!!!"

Allyson rose up and down as Mellisa climbed off her fathers face
so he could watch.  Immediately Sam's hands shot up and squeezed
the young girls massive orbs as her veins stood out on her neck
in forceful orgasm.  "Oh lord Jesus!" she screamed.  "Fuck me! 
Fuck me!!"

Sam pumped as much as she could as she bobbed up and down on his
cock.  Allyson bucked and grabbed her ass as Sam squeezed her
tits.  Her wet hair falling around her shoulders she screamed,
"Oh god, I'm cumming!!!"

Sam was far from orgasm and watched in admiration as the young
full breasted blonde pumped herself on him over and over
moaning, "Cum!  Cum!"

Sam could see her orgasm was dying down so he sat up and lifted
her off him.  Allyson shuddered as he fell out of her wetly, her
cum dripping down her thigh.  Sam got up on his knees and
positioned himself behind Allyson who was on all fours on the
bed.  Forcefully he grabbed his cock and plunged it back in
Allison's flowing pussy.

"Oh Jesus!!!!" Allyson yelled as she dropped her front half to
the pillows and grabbed the headboard.  "Yes!!!  Fuck me!!! 
Fuck me!!!"

Sam could see her heavy tits smashed against he pillows as he
pounded her from behind.  Mellisa crawled behind her father and
laid between his legs.  Grabbing his thighs she lifter herself
up and began to lick his balls as he pounded her best friend.

Sam didn't even notice his daughter.  All he cared about was
fucking this buxom young blonde who had just cum all over him. 
Allison's ass giggled in waves as he slapped his pelvis against
her, plunging his cock to the Max in her eager hole.  Her cunt
was so loose!  Sam looked down to admire his think cock sliding
effortlessly in and out of her pink pussy.  The lips of her
vagina spread and glistening.  Her pussy barely moved as he
slide in and out of her, but it was perfect, he knew it!  Her
ass bouncing as he slammed into her, he groaned in satisfaction.
 	

"Good sweet Jesus!" Allyson screamed.  "Good lord!  Fuck me!!!!"

Sam reached down with one hand and spread Allison's ass apart a
bit more to admire her gaping cunt.  Continuously he pumped her
slit and watched himself sliding in and out of her.

"Oh Jesus!!!" she screamed, "Oh MY GODDD!!!!!!!!!"

Sam grabbed her hips in both hands and rammed her furiously.

"I'm cumming again!" Allyson screamed, "Good god, I'm
cumming!!!! Oh!  Oh!  Cumming!!!!!"

Sam could see her clenching the headboard with tight fists, her
tits smashed against the bed, her ass bouncing against his
pelvis, his thick cock ramming in and out of her loose cunt, and
he came.  Grabbing her hips forcefully he smashed her onto him
and shot his hot cum inside  her.

"Oh Jesus" she screamed as she wiggled her ass from side to side
on his cock.  "Oh Jesus, yes!!!!"

Sam could feel a slight spasming of her clit now as her body
tried to absorb the liquid.  He pushed in and out of her a few
quick times to pump the last bit of cum into her.

"Oh my God!!!!!" Allyson said as she reached back and spread her
ass wide with both hands.  Sam could see his thick tool sliding
in and out of her, his cum running down her legs. "Good god,
that feels so good!!!!" Allyson moaned.

Sam pulled his cock out of Allyson with wet slurp and fell to
the bed in exhaustion.  Allyson, keeping her ass in the air,
reached between her legs and stuck three fingers in her gaping
cunt.  Pulling her wet fingers out she plunged them into her
mouth and sucked his cum and hers off her fingers.  Slowly she
lowered her ass to the bed and cuddled up to Sam who held her in
her arms.

Mellisa, a bit disturbed by her fathers enthusiasm for Allyson
forced herself next her father so that he would put his arm
around her too.  "Happy fathers day," she whispered in his ear.

The next morning when Sam arrived home, Mellisa was wearing her
mother's wedding gown and stood in the livingroom.  Sam looked
at her with questioning eyes.

"Do I look better then mommy when you married her?" she asked.

Mellisa had never looked so beautiful, he noticed.

"Yes," Sam said with a smile.  "You look much better."	

"Fuck me in mommies wedding dress" Mellisa said coyly.

"Yes," Sam agreed eagerly as she unbuckled his pants in a hurry.

Mellisa got on her hands and knees on the floor and pulled the
back of the dress up over her bare naked ass.  Her pussy was so
inviting looking.  Sam remembered how tight she was compared to
Allyson and was eager to be back inside her.

Sam wasted no time.  Pulling down his pants to his knees he fell
to the floor and mounted up behind her. Mellisa spread her knees
slightly to offer a better approach and her father fisted his
cock into her crack.  He pushed hard and his cock spread his
daughters tight cunt.

"Yes daddy!" she groaned.  "Do you want to fuck your baby girl?"

"Yes!" he stated as she grabbed the dress and her legs and
pushed himself into her further.

"Fuck your little girl daddy!" Mellisa begged as her father
teasingly kept from moving.  "Come on, just fuck her!!!"

"You want it?" her father asked as he admired how beautiful she
was with his wife's dress on.

"Yes, daddy!" Mellisa said as she wiggled around.

Sam held her hips still and stared down at her shapely ass.  She
was wearing her mothers garter belt on one leg and he remembered
doing much the same thing to his wife 20 years ago on their
honeymoon.

"You've got a much nicer ass than your mother," he panted as he
held her still.

"Fuck me daddy!" Mellisa wined as she grabbed on to the chair in
front of her for leverage and began moving around.

Sam let go and Mellisa stopped wiggling back and forth.  He
reached down and gently rubbed her ass and pushed the wedding
dress up higher on her back as he slowly pulled out from her.

Mellisa groaned and with one hand pulled the top of her wedding
dress down to expose her bare breasts.

"God you're beautiful," Sam said as he slid back into her
slowly.  He could feel his daughter pussy constricting around
his cock like a vice grip.

"If mommy could see us now," Mellisa smiled at her father from
over her shoulder.

"She'd kill us," Sam laughed as he slid out of her slowly again.

"Ya, " Mellisa agreed, "but it would be one hell of a fuck."

Sam pushed back into her a bit quicker and agreed, "Ya, I guess
so."

"Fuck me like you'd fuck me if mommy were watching daddy!"
Mellisa begged.

"Like if she were sitting on the couch right now?" he played
along.

"Yes!" she exclaimed. "Fuck me like you would fuck me if she
were sitting there right now."

Sam grabbed her shoulders and rammed himself hard into her.

"Oh god!!" Mellisa screamed.  "Fuck me daddy"

Sam grunted as he pounded his daughters tight cunt over and over.

"Daddy fucks me so good!" Mellisa said as she played with her
tits with a free hand.  "See how daddy fucks me?"

Sam smiled and spread her ass with one hand to see his cock
inside her better.

"Tell mommy how it feels, daddy!" Mellisa pleaded.

"She's so tight!" Sam played the game.  "Oh god, she's so tight!"

Mellisa reached back and spread the other cheek of her ass with
her free hand.  "See daddy's big cock inside me, mommy?  See his
cock in his little girls pussy?"

"She feels so good!" Sam moaned  "Look at her ass!"

Mellisa clawed her ass as her hand returned to her chest. 
"Daddy's fucking me in your wedding dress!" she screamed.  "He's
going to make me cum in your dress!!!"

Sam grabbed his daughters hips and pounded her harder and
faster, her tight cunt gripping him like a virgin.

"Oh my god, I'm cumming!" Mellisa screamed.  "Daddy's making me
cum!  Oh god!  I'm cumming in your wedding dress mommy.  Do you
like to see daddy fuck me in your dress?"

Sam grabbed the top of the dress and tugged it down violently so
that the dress bunched up around her tummy.  Leaning forward he
pawed her tits and fucked her harder "Remember when I did this
to you?" he moaned, talking to the couch.

"Yes mommy!" Mellisa screamed.  "Did you cum like a whore when
he did this to you?"	

"You're daughter fucks better then you!" He barked, getting into
the moment.  "Look at my cock in your daughter!  Look at it!!!!"

"Yes you bitch!" Mellisa chimed in.  "Look at daddy's big cock
in my cunt!  I'm cumming so much for him mommy!  Aren't you
proud of your little girl?"

"I'm going to cum in her!" Sam stated.  "I'm going to cum in my
little girl!"

"Yes!!!!!" Mellisa screamed.  "Cum in me!!!"

Mellisa could feel the warm splash inside her and she bucked and
screamed at the top of her lungs. "Oh god, daddy's cumming
inside me!!!  Oh mommy, I can feel daddy cumming inside me.

Sam reach out and pulled Melissa's hair passionately as he
pumped his load into her.  Her beautiful done hair fell out of
her head piece and curled in his hands.  "Oh daddy," Mellisa
screamed.  "Do you love me?"

"Yes, I love you baby" he told her as he pulled her hair more
and pumped her harder, his cum still squirting inside her.

"Do you love me more than mommy," she moaned as she shuddered
with orgasm.  "More than that bitch over there?"

"Yes," Sam agreed as he let go of her hair and pulled out his
cock from between his daughter legs.  Carefully he flopped his
meat on her ass and rubbed it all around her cheeks.

"Prove it daddy!" Mellisa pleaded.  "Please show me how much you
love me in front of mommy."

"How," Sam stammered with convulsions from the powerful release.
 A few dribbles of cum still pumped out onto his daughter ass
and he smeared it around with his bulbous head.

"Fuck my ass!" Mellisa demanded.  "Right now, fuck my ass!"

Sam forced himself to do it as he slid his cock head to her
tight asshole and pushed.  Her ass parted slightly and he pulled
back a bit before inserting more of his cock head.

"Owww, mommy!" she pretended to cry.  "It hurts.  His cock is so
big!"

Sam pulled out and pushed in further this time, burying his cock
head in her restricting hole.

"See daddy's cock going up my ass?" Mellisa moaned.  "See how
your daughter takes daddy's cock up her ass?"

Sam pushed his well lubricated cock further in and sank his cock
halfway into Mellisa's tight ass.

"Oh my god, mommy!"  Mellisa screamed as she grabbed the chair
with both hands.  "have you ever had his cock up your ass?  It's
so big!"

Sam wiggled out a bit and pushed himself three fourths of the
way in, "You'd never do this would you honey?  Now your daughter
has to do it for me."

"Yes mommy," Mellisa cried tears of pain and pleasure.  "I'll
take his cock up my ass anytime he wants!!!"

"Her ass is so tight!" he groaned loudly.  "Look at how my cock
looks up her ass! "

Mellisa reached back with one hand and spread her ass apart,
"Yes, look mommy!  Look at how his big cock looks up my ass! 
Look at daddy's cock up my ass!!!!"

Sam began to slide in and out of his daughters super tight
asshole now, "Look at this ass!" he barked.  "See how your
daughters ass looks with her daddy's cock in it?"

"Fuck me daddy!" Mellisa said as she let go of the chair and
laid her front on the carpet.  Both hands reached back and
spread her ass cheeks wide apart.  "Let mommy see how a real
woman takes it up the ass!"

"Yes!" he barked again.  "A real woman can take it up the ass! 
You're own daughter is more of a woman than you!"

"Look at my asshole, mommy!" Mellisa begged as she kept
spreading her cheeks.  "Is daddy's cock inside me?  Is his big
beautiful cock in my ass?"

"I'm going to cum again," Sam stated.

"Oh mommy," Mellisa groaned.  "My tight little ass is making
daddy cum!"

"Ohhhh!!!" Sam groaned as he pulled out of his daughter ass and
jerked his cum onto her cheeks and back.  Cum squirted up onto
the dress and even to Melissa's bare shoulders.

"Mommy," Mellisa said.  "Daddy is cumming on your dress.  He
fucked his little girl in her ass and now he's cumming on your
dress!"  



"Sam, someone's here to see you," said Tom Untzer from the
doorway to his office.

"Who?" Sam questioned as he noticed it was 4am in the morning.

"Says her name is Allyson," he answered.  "Pretty looking thing.
 She's in tears.  Says something happened to her father."

Sam nervously looked around for what he did not know.  "Send her
in."

Allyson walked in the door with mascara running down her cheeks.
 Her hair was done beautifully and she wore a tight pair of
jeans and a button up blouse.

Sam stood up, "Come in," he said as he shut the door and locked
it behind her.  Tom looked suspiciously from the hall until the
door shut and he could see them no more.

"What are you doing here?" Sam asked.

Allyson instantly stopped crying and wiped her tears away.  "I
came to see you.  The thing about my father was to fool the
other guy."

"What, are you crazy?" Sam asked.  "Why did you come here?"

Allyson sat down as Sam sat down in the chair with the desk
between them.

"I needed to see you again", she said.  "Mellisa doesn't want me
to be around you any more because she is afraid we will, well,
you know."

"Ya," Sam said.  "So what do you want me to do?"

"I've been with a lot of men," she sad as she began unbuttoning
her blouse, "and only three men have made me cum like you did."

Sam looked nervously at the door but stood fascinated as she
unbuttoned her blouse and opened it to reveal her massive
breasts confined in a tight bra.

"I'm flattered to hear it," Sam said as his cock hardened in his
pants.

"One of them lives back east now," Allyson continued as she
unbuttoned the snaps on her bra and let her tits bounce out
heavily.  Her nipples were dark and hard. "Another one of them
isn't speaking to me," she added as she stood up and began to
unbutton her pants.  "And the only other man who can make me cum
is sitting right in front of me."

Sam laughed nervously, "I'll get in trouble," he said.

"No you wont," she said as she slithered out of the tight jeans
and her little pink panties.  "I'll just fuck him later and he
will never say a thing."

Sam choked as Allyson walked around the desk and stood in front
of him. "Ok," he said half unsure, "just this once"

"Oh," Allyson smiled and reached down to unbutton Sam's pants. 
"I plan on coming here every night.  Don't worry, the other guy
wont say a word".

"How can you be sure?" Sam asked as he lifted his rear in the
chair so that Allyson could pull his pants down to his knees.

"Trust me," she said as she dropped to her knees before him and
engulfed his cock in her mouth.

"Oh my god" Sam whispered.

Allyson slurped loudly before asking, "What?  Do I give good
head?"

"Oh my god, yes" Sam whispered again as he grabbed the arms of
the chair.

Allyson bobbed up and down on his cock vigorously, slurping and
sucking loudly.  She pulled his cock out from between her lips
and smiled up at Sam as she flicked her tongue across the tip of
his rod. "Better than your daughter?", she asked.

"Yes," Sam said, "but never tell her that."

"I won't" she said just before she impaled her head on his cock
again.

"Mmmmm...." Sam moaned as he watched her carefully.

"Come on," she said at last after pulling him out of her mouth
again.  "Make me cum."

Sam stood up and Allyson sucked his cock some more before
standing herself.

"Just promise to be quite," he said.

"I'll try," Allyson said as she backed against a wall and put
one leg up on a chair so that her legs were spread wide.

Sam bent down and stuck a nipple in his mouth eagerly and
slurped loudly as he squeezed her tit and nibbled the end.

"Come on," Allyson pleaded.  "I need you to fuck me."

Sam stood up and pawed her tits as she grabbed his cock and
guided it between her spread legs.  Easily he slid into her
loose pussy and she bit her lip and moaned, "Oh God!"

Sam's cock slid in and out of Allyson at a brisk pace, making
slurping noises every so often as he went.  "You're a very
naughty girl, Allsyon" he whispered before sticking a huge tit
in his face and sucking her nipple again.

"I know," she replied.  "god, I know"

"How many men have you screwed?" he asked as he stood more erect
and pinned her to the wall, jamming his cock up inside her
forcefully.

"Oh Jesus, " she moaned a bit loudly.  "I don't know, 50 maybe"

"Fifty?" Sam asked in amazement as he continued to pump her wet
loose pussy.

"Yes," she answered. "Oh god, yes!"

Sam pulled out of her and led her over to the desk where he bent
her over and mounted her from behind.

"Oh Jesus!" she said as he plunged into her from behind.  "Oh
god, yes!!"

"You like it from behind?" Sam asked.

"Yes" she moaned and squeezed her tits hard with one hand while
the other supported her on the desk.  "Oh god!  Oh god!!"

Sam reached around and grabbed one of her tits while spreading
her ass to see her cunt with the other.  "You're a beautiful
girl, Allsyon.  You're pussy is so pretty."

"Oh god!" Allyson moaned.  "You like to...oh god...see my....oh
Jesus...pussy?"

"Yes," Sam said as he prodded her with his hand to lift one knee
up on the desk.

Sam's cock slid in further when her knee got up on the desk.

"JEEEESSUSSSS!!!!!!!" Allyson growled as he continued to fuck
her.

"Lick my pussy!" Allyson said as she looked back and shook her
head with affirmation.  "Eat me if you like my pussy!"

Sam pulled out quickly and dropped to his knees.  Allyson kept
her leg up on the desk as Sam shoved his head between her legs
and stuck his tongue in her clit.

"Oh god!" she said as she pawed her tits frantically.

She was so loose, Sam thought.  He licked up and down her slit,
her vaginal lips folding and flopping messily around his tongue.

"Enough!" Allyson moaned.  "I'm going to cum soon.  Fuck me!"

Sam stood up again, his face wet with Allyson juices and plunged
effortlessly into her loose cunt again.

"Oh god!!! Oh god!!!" Allyson said as she reached between her
legs and fondled Sam's swinging balls.  "You're cock's so
fucking big!" she said, "good god, your cocks so big!"

Sam pounded her hard, grabbing her hips and admired the way her
tits swung heavily back and forth with each thrust.

"I'm cumming!" Allyson groaned, "CUMMMING!!!! SWEET JESUS!!!!!!"

Sam was driven to orgasm himself by her slutty looks and actions
and pulled out in time to shoot cum all over Allison's back and
ass.

"God!" Allyson whispered now as she  stood up and reached behind
her to fist Sam's cock a few times of its last drops.  "I needed
that."

Sam smiled and twitched as she tugged on his cock.  "So did I",
he said, "so did I".

	The next few weeks went by quickly as Sam tried to adjust to
his new life.  He was still sleeping with his wife once a day
and his daughter as well as Allyson routinely at work.  It was
more than a man could ask for, but it was near impossible to
keep up the pace.  Luckily, Mellisa was planning a couple day
trip with some friends so that would be one less woman to
please.  His daughter was often the most demanding of all.	

Mellisa was gone and Allyson had decided to come over days to
the house instead of coming by the office.  Allyson was
definitely great in bed and Sam had taken to enjoy her very much.

Sam heard Allyson come in downstairs and he waited patiently. 
Allyson walked into the bedroom in a skirt and tank top
stretched to it's limit by her heavy breasts.  Sam lay on the
bed covered in blankets, nude.

"Hi" she said smiling as she sat on the bed next to him.

"Hi" Sam answered, putting his hand on her thigh and squeezing
her soft leg gently.  Her nipples were standing erect through
her shirt indicating she wore no bra.

"I'm glad we can be totally alone like this, " she said.

"Me too, " Sam replied as he sat up and sucked on one of her
tits through the shirt, making a big wet circle around her
nipple.

"Do you want me?" she asked, pulling her shirt up high enough so
that her breasts fell out but not taking the top off.

"Yes," Sam said before he buried his face in her tits. Tugging
with his teeth, he teased her nipples and sucked them.

"I want you too," she said pulling the covers off Sam to reveal
his large hard on.

Allyson broke free from Sam's mouth with a loud slurp and laid
down across his stomach, taking his cock into her mouth.

She was the best at giving head, Sam admitted to himself. 
Probably the best there was.  Her heavy breasts smashed against
his stomach as she sucked his cock loudly with slurps and
sucking noises.

Sam grabbed her legs and coached her up onto him so that her
knees straddled his face in the 69 position. Carefully he pushed
her skirt up, listening to the slurping and sucking noises as
she expertly sucked his swollen cock.

She was wearing pink panties underneath. Sam pushed her knees
apart so that her crotch was directly in his face and he
delicately pulled her panties to one side to expose her wet,
blonde cunt.

It was such a pretty pussy, he thought. How many guys had been
inside this hot cunt? 50? How many more would die to have the
chance?

Sticking his tongue out he flicked her libia a few times. She
moaned appreciatively and took him all the way into her mouth -
an impressive feat.

Sam, a little anxious and excited, pulled harder on Allyson
panties until the began to tear.  Excited by this also, Allyson
slurped louder and quicker as she moaned in anticipation.

Sam pulled on the panties until they shredded from one side of
Allison's leg. Using both hands, Sam spread Allison's ass open
wide and frantically tongued the crack of her ass as he spread
her loose cunt with his thumbs and worked his way down to her
snatch. Hungrily, he lapped at her clit until she bolted
upright.	

"Oh Jesus!!!!" she screamed. "You eat pussy as good as you
fuck!!!!"

Allyson squirmed around on Sam's face as he squeezed her ass
cheeks hard, cramming his tongue up her loose slit.

"Jesus fucking Christ!!!" she screamed as she took off her tank
top and pressed her tits together in wild passion.

Quickly Allyson stabbed her hand down to her crotch and grabbed
at the shreds of her panties. She jerked the shreds until they
tore away from her leg completely.

"Oh yes, god!" she screamed as she undid her skirt and peeled it
off. Like a cat she pounced forward and took Sam's cock back
into her mouth.

"Ohh!" Sam yelled as her mouth engulfed him. Forcefully he
slapped Allison's ass making it jiggle and then he plunged his
tongue back in her loose, dripping cunt.

Suddenly Sam tossed Allyson off of him and sprang up. Sam
grabbed Allison's wrists roughly and threw her on her back on
the bed. Climbing up between her legs, he impaled her with his
big cock.

"Oh god!!!!" she screamed "give it to me rough!"

Sam let go of her wrist and slapped her face in anger.  She
reached out and dug her nails into his chest.

"Bitch! " Sam yelled in pain as he continued to pump her loose
pussy.

"God, yes!!!" Allyson screamed "I'm a bitch! JESUS I'M A
BITCH!!!!!"

Sam pinned down her wrists and ravished her breasts with his
mouth.

"You little fucking slut!" he yelled to her.

"Oh GOD!!!!!" she screamed. "I'm a slut!!! Yes!  I'm a slut!!!"

"You like to fuck a lot of guys?" he asked her as he pumped her
loose cunt.

"Yes! Oh Jesus!!" she screamed "I love to fuck men!!! JESUS!!!!!"

Suddenly Sam pulled himself out of her and jerked a huge load of
cum all over her tits and belly.

	"Where did that come from?" Allyson asked after rubbing Sam's
cum all over her tummy and breasts.

Sam lay on his back beside her, his hand holding hers "I don't
know" he said, "just sort of happened."

Allyson grabbed a pillow, tore off the cover and used it to wipe
all the cum off her body. Carefully she crawled up on the
exhausted stallion and mounted him.

"Allyson I..." Sam started.

"Shhh!" Allyson hissed as she reached behind her and grabbed
Sam's cock. "Just relax".

Sam breathed heavily as Allyson guided his sore rod into her
stretched pussy. Easily he slid into her and she barely made a
sound as she slowly, quietly began to move her ass up and down
on his hard shaft.

Allyson seductively flicked her hair over one shoulder and
guided Sam's hand to her breasts.

Softly Sam rubbed her tits as she slowly ground her pussy onto
his stiff cock.

Sam reached back and rubbed her ass while she moved it
rhythmically.

Allyson giggled softly as he squeezed her cheeks passionately. 

Quietly she leaned forward and stuck her tongue in his mouth and
they kissed deeply while she rode him.

Allyson reached behind her and fondled his balls while she
ground down on his cock.

"Am I just a fuck to you?" Allyson asked softly.

Sam did not reply but only rubbed his hands along her young
body.  She was just a fuck, but he didn't want to tell her that.

Allyson nodded, then sat up straight and impaled herself fully
on his cock. Slowly she smashed her cunt back and forth so that
his big cock moved around inside her. Within minutes she was
breathing heavy and her veins stood out on her neck as she
started cumming. Fondling his balls with one hand, she continued
to grind for several minutes. She wined like a little puppy
while her insides convulsed with orgasm.

When her orgasm stopped, she rolled off of Sam and lay content
beside him.



When Mellisa came back three days later, Sam was happy as ever
to see her.

"Hi baby!" he said as she walked in the door.

"Hi daddy!" she said smiling as she dropped her bags and hugged
her father.

"There's something I've got to tell you," he said nervously.

"What daddy?" she asked with her arms still around him.

"I think I've fallen in love with you," he said, "You know, the
wrong kind of love."

Mellisa looked up into her fathers eyes and slid down to her
knees before him. "Oh daddy," she said as she unbuttoned his
pants and pulled the zipper down. "I love you too!" Carefully
she pulled his hard cock out of his pants and whispered in
tears, "I love you so much!" before she engulfed him in her
mouth.

"Oh god," Sam groaned. "This is so wrong.

Mellisa fisted her fathers cock as she sucked expertly. Slurping
free she managed, "there's nothing wrong with it."

Sam pulled her to her feet, "Come up to the bedroom," he said. 
"I want to make love to you."

Mellisa followed her father to bed and stared into his eyes as
he lifted her shirt up just far enough to expose her breasts.
Quickly he searched for the clasps in back and popped open her
bra. Her breasts were perky an perfect as he remembered them. He
smothered his face in her breasts as he unbuttoned her jeans and
tugged them down to her knees.

Kissing his daughter passionately, he grabbed her ass and worked
a finger into her tight pussy from behind.

"I want to have your baby," Mellisa whispered as her father
continued to finger her hot slit.

"Oh god," Sam whispered back. "I want you to too, but..."

"But what daddy," she asked as she wiggled out of her jeans and
kicked them off"

"Well," he said. "I'm afraid the baby might not be normal:
Softly he laid her on the bed and stood as he took his own pants
off.

"Don't worry" she said as she spread her legs and took her top
off. "I've checked into it" she said "our baby will be fine"
"What do you mean?" Sam asked as he lay on top of his daughter,
not putting himself inside her yet.

"I checked with a doctor" she said. "Don't worry, he has no idea
about us. He assured me our baby would be as normal as any."

"You checked with a doctor?" Sam asked in shock, his hard-on
subsiding.

Mellisa quickly reached between them and grabbed his cock to
jerk it to life, "Shhh!" she said, "truest me. It's safe."

Looking down between his daughters spread legs, he guided his
now stiff cock into her. Mellisa writhed in pleasure as her
tight pussy stretched once again around her father thick shaft.

Slowly he pushed into her exceptionally tight cunt. "Ho do you
stay so tight?" he asked in passion.

"Secrets daddy, " she whispered. "Give me your baby."

Her father's cock twitched inside her letting her know the idea
excited him. "Ok," he whispered. "I'll let you have my baby."

Mellisa ground herself into his penetration cock and cried,
"Thank you daddy!"

Sam rolled his daughter over, not slipping out of her so that
she was on top. Mellisa sat up and pushed her hips back and
forth feeling her fathers cock inside her to the fullest.

Slowly she increased the pace until she was bucking wildly, her
father holding her hips down so she wouldn't slip off. "Oh
daddy, fuck me!" she screamed.

Like a mad woman she jumped off of him and climbed on all fours
to the head of the bed. Grabbing on to the headboard she wiggled
her ass and yelled, "Come on daddy! Fuck your little girl
hard!!!!"

Sam got up behind her and forced himself deep inside her
spasming cunt.

"Oh yes daddy!!!" She screamed. "Make me pregnant!! Make your
little girl fucking pregnant!!!"

Sam pumped her hard, banging the headboard against the wall with
each thrust. 

"YES!!!" Mellisa screamed. "I want your baby!!! Make your little
daughter pregnant with your baby!"

Sam fucked his daughter harder than he ever had as he imagined
her having his child.

"Yes daddy!!!" she screamed "make me pregnant! Make your little
girl pregnant.

Sam screamed himself as he grabbed his daughters hips and shoved
his cock deep inside, squirting hot cum all over her insides.  

Mellisa bucked frantically and yelled, "Cum in me daddy!!  Cum
in your little girl!!!"

*****

Mellisa was well along now and showing.  She had begun lactating
and her breasts were full of milk.  As far as her mother knew
Mellisa had slept with some guy and decided to have the baby,
but her and her father knew the truth.

Mellisa pulled her skirt off as well as her top. "Well daddy,"
she asked. "You made me this way.  Are you proud?"

Sam sat on the edge of the bed and grabbed Mellisa's hand to
pull her closer to him.  Gently he kissed her swollen belly. 

"You're baby," she confirmed.  "Inside me right now."

Sam kissed lower until he had to slide off the bed to kiss her
pubic hair.

"Do you still love me?" Mellisa asked.

"You know I do," Sam said as he pushed one of his daughters legs
up on the bed so he could get his face between her legs. 
Eagerly he tongued her clit as she wiggled with glee.

Sam stood up and pulled off his pants as he took one of his
daughters tits in his mouth and sucked.  Sweet, warm milk came
out and he squeezed her breast to get more.

Mellisa broke free and got on her hands and knees so her father
could mount her from behind.  Slowly he guided his big cock
inside her and she grabbed the night stand for support.

"Oh god daddy!" she said quietly.  "you treat me so good!"

Sam arched his back and spread her ass with his hands to better
see her tight pussy wrapped around his cock.

Slowly he slid in and out of her as her swollen tummy swayed
back and forth.

"You look so good with my baby inside you," he said as he
reached forward and squeezed her swollen breast.

"Oh daddy," she said, "and you look so good with your cock
inside me."

Sam scooted closer to the bed and lifted one of his daughters
legs up onto the bed so that he would have better penetration.

"Yes, " he said as he stared down at his cock protruding from
her tight cunt.  "My cock does look good inside you."

"Daddy?" Mellisa inquired while her father watched his cock
sliding in and out of her.

"Yes," he said.

"I want you to fuck Allyson too," she said.

"What?" her father asked as he continued to spread her ass with
his hand so he could see her tight vaginal lips wrapped around
him.

"I want to watch you fuck Allyson." she replied.  "I can't do
enough for you because we are trying not to hurt the baby.  You
need someone who can be rough and passionate like we used to
when I wasn't pregnant."

"I don't want to hurt you," he said as he slowed down and
watched her cunt more closely.

"You wont," she replied.  "I want you to fuck her.  I want to
watch.  She has such a nice body."

"So do you, angel" he said as he rubbed her tummy and breasts.

"But she's got a better body right now." Mellisa argued.  "Will
you please fuck her for me?"

Sam hadn't been with Allyson for nearly a month now and he
wondered if she still wanted him.

"Sure," Sam agreed. "You get her over here and I'll fuck her in
front of you.  If that is what you want."

"Oooo, I'm going to cum just thinking about it." Mellisa moaned.

"You really want me to fuck her?" he asked as he continued his
slow rhythmic pace.

"Yes, daddy!"  she said forcefully as she began to climax, "Oh
god, I want you to fuck her.  Fuck her hard right in front of
me."

Her father pushed harder and faster into his daughter as she
started cumming.

"Make her cum, daddy!" Mellisa moaned loudly.  "Make her cum
hard!!!!"

Sam was reaching orgasm himself as his daughter bucked and
writhed in orgasm.  He could feel her tight cunt spasming around
his swollen cock.

"Cum in her daddy!" Mellisa moaned loudly.  "Get her pregnant
too! Just fuck her and get her pregnant right in front of
me!!!!! OH GOD!!!!!!  Fuck her and make her cum!!!!!!"

Her father exploded right then inside her and Mellisa pushed
herself up and down his cock to drain him.

"yes," she moaned.  "Cum in her like that!  Ooooo, just like
that!!!!"

	Sam specifically requested that Mellisa ask Allyson to come
over in a pink tube top with no bra and white shorts with no
panties.  Eagerly, Allyson agreed and showed up right on time
the next morning.  Before Allyson came upstairs to the bedroom
where Mellisa and Sam were talking, Mellisa told her father that
Allyson had been off the pill for some time now and had agreed
to try and get pregnant during the next couple months.  Sam was
not sure why they wanted to do this, but he was eager to please.

Allyson showed up looking stunning as always.  Her tube top was
tight and her nipples were already hard in anticipation. 
Mellisa walked over and sat in a chair in the corner to watch.

"Long time, no see" Sam said as he stood up and immediately
began unbuttoning her white Jean shorts.

"Too long," Allyson said half panting.	

Sam turned to Mellisa as he unzipped Allison's shorts to reveal
a little blonde triangle of hair, "Is this what you want to
see?" he asked.

"Yes," Mellisa said as she unbuttoned her blouse and began
fondling her breasts.

Sam pulled Allison's tube top down quickly and smashed his face
into her breasts.  Allyson grabbed the back of Sam's head and
moaned as she pushed his face into her tits. "I love it when he
sucks my tits," she told Mellisa.

Mellisa did not say a word but continued to rub her breasts with
one hand while the other searched between her legs for her clit.

"You have such big, beautiful tits," Sam said as he turned her
around to face the wall and pulled her shorts down to her knees.
 Sam pushed Allison's legs as far apart as the jeans would let
her and then pushed her forward so that she would bend over
slightly and grab the wall. Allyson breasts hung heavily like
two overfilled bags of water.

"God, look at those tits," he said as he grabbed his cock and
crammed it into her open pussy from behind.

"Oh my god!!!" Allyson screamed as he entered her.

Sam pumped into her hard, watching her boobs jiggle with his
thrust. "Bend over more so Mellisa can see your tits bounce
while I fuck you."

"Yes!!" Allyson screamed.  "Watch him fuck me Mellisa!"

Sam grabbed Allison's hips and began pumping her wet pussy with
fury.  Allison's breasts bounced around spasmodically, swinging
left and right and up and down with each thrust.

"Oh god!!!" Allyson screamed, "Oh Jesus!!!!  Fuck me!!!"

Mellisa fingered her clit with vigor as she watched her father
in action. Allyson put her legs together far enough to let her
jeans fall to the floor and stepped out, kicking them away while
Sam fucked her relentlessly.  Quickly she spread her legs wide
apart and bent at the knees so that Sam could get better drive
into her.

Sam grabbed harder on her hips and shoved himself up into her.
Repeatedly he slammed her so that his thigh slapped her ass
loudly with each thrust, her breasts bouncing more wildly than
ever.

"Oh Jesus!!!  Oh Jesus!!!!" Allyson screamed.  "I'm cumming!!!!!"

"Hear that, Mellisa?" Sam said as he continued to pound her like
a madman. "I'm making this slut cum for you!!"

"Oh god, I"M CUMMING!!!!!!!"  Allyson screamed as she squeezed
her tits with one hand and bounced around like a whore.

After her orgasm slowed down, Sam pulled out of her and quickly
lay on the bed.

"Come here," he told Allyson.

Allyson frantically crawled up on the bed and on top of him.

"No, " Sam said, "Turn around and face Mellisa.  Ride me
backwards."

Allyson did as told and turned to face Mellisa who was fingering
herself and breathing heavy.

"Grab my cock," Sam ordered Allyson. "Make her watch you put it
in."

"Are you watching?" Allyson asked as she reached between her
legs and grabbed Sam's cock.  "I'm going to stick your fathers
big cock inside me."

Allyson sat far enough up so Mellisa could see as she rubbed the
cock head of Sam's rod around the lips of her cunt.  "Should I
sit on it?" she asked Mellisa.  "Should I sit on your daddy's
cock?"

Mellisa nodded yes as she obviously began to orgasm in her chair.

Allyson placed Sam's cock at the entrance of her clit and eased
herself down slowly.  "Watch his cock go inside me," she said. 
"Oh my god!  watch his big fucking cock go inside me!!!!"

Sam pulled her down hard to impale her.

"Oh Jesus!!!!!!!" she screamed.  "He's so fucking big!!!"

Allyson rode Sam hard, sliding up and down the entire length of
his cock so Mellisa could see,  "See how pretty his cock looks
inside me? " she asked as she slid up his shaft and back down. 
"See how pretty we fuck?"

Sam felt his pressure rising and yelled, "I'm going to cum!"

Mellisa panted loudly and sat forward in her chair as Allyson
bucked and ground viciously.

"Yes!  Cum!!!" she screamed.   "Cum inside me!!!!  Oh God.
OHHHH!  I can feel it!!!  OH JESUS!!!  YOU"RE CUMMING INSIDE
ME!!!!!!!!!!"

Allyson bucked and squirmed as cum ran out around Sam's
protruding cock.

After Sam had spent himself Allyson crawled off and Sam sat up.

"Now I want you to watch me fuck my daughter," he told Allyson.

Mellisa's eyes grew as she stood up and stripped off her
clothes. Sam sat on the edge of the bed and coaxed her over. 
Taking her hand he made her kneel on the ground between his legs.

"Suck my cock, Mellisa," he said.  "Suck Allison's cum off my
cock before I fuck you."

Allyson watched pleased as Mellisa engulfed him in her mouth and
sucked up and down his shaft.

"Is that good?" Sam asked her  "Do you like the taste of
Allison's pussy on my cock?"

Mellisa nodded her head yes as she continued to suck him.

"Come on, " he said to her as he pulled out of her mouth and got
down on the floor with her.  "Let's show Allyson how much I love
you."

Allyson sat up to see better.

"Come over to the edge of the bed," Sam said as he positioned
himself behind his daughter who was on all fours on the floor. 
"Come sit right here and watch me put it in her."

Allyson sat right beside them and watched as Sam spread his
daughters ass with his hand so Allyson could see better.

"Doesn't she have a pretty pussy?" he asked Allyson.

"Just fuck me daddy!" Mellisa said.

"My little girl needs me," Sam said as he guided his cock into
her tight pussy and pushed hard and slow until he was sunk deep
inside her.

"God, yes, daddy!" Mellisa moaned.

Allyson reached between her legs and began fingering herself as
Sam pulled out slowly for her to see.

"I love to fuck my daughter," he said.

"Yes, daddy!" Mellisa screamed.   "Fuck your little girl"

Sam grabbed her hips and slammed her hard in and out quickly,
"you're going to have my baby?"

"Yes daddy!!!" she screamed.  "you're daughters pregnant with
your baby!!!  Fuck her!  Fuck your pregnant daughter!!!!!"

"I'm going to make you cum " he told her.

"Yes daddy!!" she screamed. "Oh yes.  I love it when my daddy
makes me cum!!!!!"

Sam watched enthusiastically as his thick cock slid in and out
of his daughter's tight constricting pussy.

"Cum for me!!!" he shouted

"Yes daddy!! You're little girl is going to cum."  She screamed.
 "Oh god, I'm going to cum!!!!!"

Mellisa strained hard as she orgasm while her father fucked her
tight pussy.  "I'm cumming!!!!! " she screamed.   "I'm cumming
daddy!!!"

"Good girl" he said as he fucked her harder.

"OH GOD, DADDY!!!!"  she screamed louder, "I'm cumming so
hard!!!  OHHHH!!!!!!" 	Sam slowly decreased his pace as her
orgasm subsided.

"Come down here," Sam told Allyson.  "Get beside my daughter so
I can take turns between you.

	Allyson crawled onto the floor and got on all fours beside
Mellisa.  Sam knelt between the two and inserted a finger into
each of them and banged them at the same time.

"Ooo!" Allyson purred.  "You're daddy fucks you good Mellisa."

Mellisa looked back at her father with his hands between both
girls legs and smiled.  "I know," she said.  "He fucks you good
too."

Sam crawled behind Allyson.  "You both fuck great!" Sam said as
he plunged himself into Allyson.

"Oh god!!!" she screamed out.  "He's fucking me!!!"

"Fuck her daddy!" Mellisa ordered him as he pumped her loose
cunt, her tits swinging wildly again.  "Fuck her good!"

Sam thrusted hard and fast until Allyson was screaming.  "Oh my
god, Oh my god!!!!!"

Sam pulled out quickly and Allyson tried to impale herself on
him again as he pulled away and crawled up behind his daughter. 
Sam slapped his wet slimy cock on Mellisa's ass and rubbed it
all around.

"Feel how wet it is?" he asked her.

"Oh daddy!!!" she yelled.  "yes!!!"

"It's so wet and hot in Allison's pussy," he said as he rubbed
her juices into the crack of Mellisa's ass.

"Fuck my ass, daddy!!!" Melissa begged.  "Please fuck me ass!!!!"

Allyson looked over in surprise and watched as Sam crammed his
cock carefully and slowly into his daughters tight asshole.

"Oh my god daddy!!!!" Mellisa screamed as she bucked.  "You're
cock is up my ass!!!  Daddy's cock is in his little girls
ass!!!!"

"Fuck my ass too!" Allyson pleaded.  "Fuck my ass too!"

Mellisa screamed and yelled as her father's cock slid in and out
of her tight ass.  "Yes daddy!!!" she screamed.  "Shove your
cock up Allison's pretty little ass!!!!"	

Sam pulled out of his daughter and mounted Allyson once more. 
Quickly he plunged his cock into her loose pussy and began to
fuck her hard.

"Oh please God!!!!  My ass!!!!" Allyson screamed.  "Jesus, fuck
my ass!!!!"

Sam pulled out and placed his heavy cock head at her little
asshole and began to push.

"Oh my GODDDD!!!!!!" Allyson screamed as he began to enter her
virgin ass.   "GOOD GODDDD HIS COCK IS IN MY ASS!!!!!"

Sam pulled back carefully and pushed in further back and forth
until he was buried to the balls in Allison's hot ass.

"JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!!!!!" Allyson screamed.  "Look at his cock
in my ass!!!!!"

Sam began to slowly fuck Allison's ass in rhythm.

"He's fucking my ass!!!" she screamed.  "Ohhhh!!!! He's fucking
my ass!!!!!"

Allison's tits jiggled wildly as he increased the pace of
penetration.

"Cum in her ass, daddy!" Mellisa yelled over Allison's
screaming.  "Cum in her hot little ass!!!!"

Sam was already there and arched his hips as he buried himself
in her tight hole and shot cum inside her.

"OH MY GODD!!! " Allyson said as she reached back and spread her
ass cheeks, Sam's cock still buried deep inside. "He's cumming
in my ass!!!!! Thank you god, he's cumming in my ass!!!!"

Sam pulled out and ordered them, "Don't you move."

Quickly Sam got up and went to the closet.  He pulled out a shoe
box and opened it.  Smiling, he pulled out a thick, black, strap
on dildo.

"Put this on and fuck my daughter," he said to Allyson.

Mellisa looked in surprise as Allyson took the dildo and
strapped it around her waist.  Allyson excitedly got behind
Mellisa and began to kiss her ass.

"I've wanted to do this for a long time," Allyson said as she
plunged her tongue into Mellisa's wet pussy.

"Oh my god!" Mellisa moaned.  "You're eating my pussy?"

Allyson spread Mellisa's ass apart and flicked her tongue around
her libia as Mellisa buck and squirmed.   	"Oh my god, Allyson,"
Mellisa said as she began rubbing her own tits.  "You're so good
at eating my pussy!"

Allyson slurped loudly and said, "You're pussy tastes so good! 
I've wanted to do this for so long!"

Allyson buried her face in Mellisa's snatch as she bucked and
screamed, "Eat my pussy, Allyson.  Eat it!!!"

Soon Allyson stopped and knelt erect to mount her with the strap
on.  Grabbing the base of the dildo she inserted it into
Mellisa's pussy and began to fuck her like a man.

"Oh yes!!!" Mellisa said as she looked back over her shoulders
to see a gorgeous blond with huge tits fucking her from behind
with a strap on dildo.  "Fuck me!!!  Fuck me you bitch!!!"

Within no time, Mellisa was panting.   "I'm cumming!!  God good
Allyson is making me cum!!!!!"

Allyson continued to pump the pretty young Mellisa all through
her heavy orgasm until Mellisa said, "my turn to eat that pussy
of yours."

Allyson got up, took of the strap and lay on her back on the
edge of the bed.  Mellisa crawled up between her legs and spread
them.

"You're pussy is so pretty, Allyson," Mellisa said as she opened
her cunt with her thumb and forefinger.  Leaning forward she
flicked her tongue into Allison's snatch for the first time.

"Oh god, yes!!" Allyson screamed.  "I love you Mellisa, eat my
pussy!!!"

Mellisa buried her face in Allison's sweet tasting pussy and
licked her crack with vigor.

Allyson watched as Mellisa's face worked her pussy between her
legs.

"I'm cumming Melissa!!!!" Allyson screamed.   "Oh my god, I'm
cumming!!!!"

Melissa plunged her tongue in deeper and licked harder.

"Oh god!!!!" Allyson screamed.  "Eat my cum!!!!  Lick my pussy
and eat my cum!!!!!"

Soon Allyson stopped cumming on Mellisa's face and Mellisa
crawled up on the bed and began sucking on one of Allison's
breasts heavily.

Allyson ordered, "Get your ass over here in my face where I can
eat that little pussy of yours.

Mellisa crawled on top of Allyson in the 69 and began to softly
lick Allison's clit again.

Allyson opened Mellisa's pussy wide with her fingers.  "You're
daddy fucks this little pussy?" she said as she stuck her tongue
into Melissa's wet snatch.  "His cock's been inside you.  Right
in here."

Allyson flicked her tongue around Melissa's dripping pussy as
Mellisa buried her face in Allyson snatch at the other end,
tonguing her ferociously.

"You look so beautiful pregnant," Allyson said between licking
her clit and her tight asshole.

"You're going to look just as beautiful when you're pregnant
too," Mellisa said as she kissed Allison's legs around her cunt.
 "You're going to have my daddy's baby.  It will be so
beautiful."

Sam crawled up on the bed, "you're both going to look beautiful
with my baby he said.  Sam was down at the end of the bed where
Mellisa was eating Allison's pussy.  She looked up to see her
fathers cock in her face, rock hard.  Mellisa took her fathers
cock into her mouth and began to suck him as Allyson licked
frantically at her pussy.

Sam grabbed the back of her head and pushed her further on to
her cock.  "Allyson is already pregnant" he said as his daughter
sucked his cock like a beautiful, loyal daughter would.

"What?" Mellisa asked as she pulled him out of her mouth and
kissed his balls gently.

"Allyson and I have been fucking since the first day you brought
her over," he told her as he stuck his cock back into her mouth.
 "She told me that you and here were talking about letting her
have my baby."

Mellisa sucked hard on her fathers cock as if in disapproval,
but it felt better than ever. "She's been pennant with my baby
for a month now he said.

Allyson tongued Mellisa's ass and said from between her legs. 
"I knew you wanted me to have his baby so I've been fucking him
at work every night for the past 6 months."

Mellisa sat up straight but kept her pussy on Allison's face. 
"Why didn't you tell me?" she asked.

Sam lifted Allison's ass up onto his bent legs and stuffed his
cock inside her.  Allyson moaned loudly and plunged her tongue
deeper into Mellisa.  "I was afraid you would be mad if you
didn't give me permission so I waited until you did to tell you.

Mellisa reached down and squeezed Allison's tits as her father
crammed himself deep into Allyson and began fucking her slowly. 
 "You've been fucking her all this time?" she asked.

"Yes," her father admitted with a grunt as he impaled Allyson to
the hilt.  "look at her," he said as he reached and played with
Allison's breasts.  "Her body is begging to be fucked.  You
brought her to me."

"Do you love me?" Mellisa asked as Allyson tongued her deeper,
"Oh god.... do you love me daddy?"

"Yes sweety," he said as he leaned over and stuck his tongue in
his daughters mouth.  Their tongues flicked around each other
wildly as Sam continued fucking Allyson slowly.

Sam pulled out of Allyson and laid on the bed.   "Come here you
two, " he said.  "Watch Allyson suck my cock"

Allyson crawled on her belly up between Sam's legs and took him
into her mouth, slurping loudly.

"God, that feels so fucking good," he said as he brushed the
hair out of her eyes and flicked it over one shoulder.  "She
sucks my cock so good Mellisa"

Mellisa leaned down and put her face next to Allison's.  Allyson
pulled Sam's cock out of her mouth and held it up straight
between them.  Allyson and Mellisa licked both sides of Sam's
cock at the same time before Mellisa took him entirely in her
mouth.

"Loosen up your jaw a little sweety," Sam said as he watched his
daughter's mouth slide up and down his shaft.  Suddenly she made
a loud slurping sound.

"Yes!" Sam barked.  "that's it.  Like Allyson.  Watch her suck
me."

Mellisa removed her head from her fathers rod and Allyson popped
it back in her mouth.  Slowly she slid up and down his cock
slurping and sucking loudly.

"Suck me like that, Mellisa," he said as Mellisa took her
fathers cock out of Allison's mouth and began slurping and
sucking better than she ever had.  

"Oh god yes!" Sam groaned.  "My little girl gives such good
head."

After a few moments Allyson pulled his cock out of his daughter
mouth and stuck it back in hers.  She sucked frantically,
bobbing up and down wildly.

"I want to cum in my daughter's mouth," Sam said breathy. 
"Hurry!"

Mellisa snatched his cock away from the slurping Allyson and
began to loudly such him again.  "Cum in my mouth daddy!!" she
said as she sucked him again.  "Cum in my mouth!"

"OH God!!!" Sam groaned as he lifted his ass from the bed, his
cock visibly spasming with each ejaculation.

Mellisa swallowed a few loads before opening her mouth and
jerking him off.  Cum shot out of her fathers cock strongly and
Allyson lapped at it eagerly.   The two girls shared licking the
cum off Sam's cock as he pumped it out.  Allyson finally took
him entirely in her mouth and fisted his cock hard to squeeze
out the last drops.  Like a whore in heat she pumped his swollen
cock until nothing was left.  Both girls had Sam's cum on their
face and necks as they lay down beside him exhausted.



Sam and Mellisa sat in the livingroom waiting for her mother to
arrive from work.  Samantha walked in the door and immediately
noticed something was going on.

"What is?" she asked.

"Dad knows about you sleeping around with other men," Mellisa
said flatly.

"What do you mean?" she asked nervously.

"I told him," she answered.

"You're lying," Samantha stated.

"Wait mother," Mellisa said.  "He's not mad."

Sam nodded in agreement realizing that what Mellisa had told him
was true.

"In fact," Mellisa added.  "I'm fucking daddy while you are at
work."

"WHAT????" Samantha asked in shock.

"I'm pregnant with his baby mother," Mellisa stated.

"You can't be serious!" Her mother stated.

"Yes, I'm serious" she said.  "And I want you to watch me fuck
him right now like you used to have me watch you fuck other
men." 

Samantha just stood there while Mellisa pulled down her stretch
pants and knelt on the floor, bending over, her bare naked ass
sticking in the air.

"What are you doing?" she asked in shock.

Sam stood up and started to unbutton his pants, "she's telling
you the truth he said.  Watch us or I'll be filing for divorce
tomorrow."

Sam pulled his pants down to reveal his large hard cock.  "Watch
me fuck our daughter."

Sam pulled his daughters pants off the rest of the way and
spread her legs before entering her from behind.

"Oh god mommy," Mellisa groaned.  "Daddy's cock is so big!"

"I can't believe your doing this, " Samantha stated.

Sam pulled out a bit to let his wife see his cock protruding
from his daughters cunt.  "Oh, you better believe it." he said. 
"she's so tight, honey.  I should have been fucking her years
ago!"

Sam increased his pace and pumped his daughter with both hands
on her hips.  "I'm going to cum inside her just like I did when
she got pregnant!" he said.  "I'm going to cum inside our little
girl!"

Mellisa was reaching orgasm already and screamed, "He's making
me cum again mommy!!!! Oooooo!!!!  Daddy's making me cum
again!!!!!"  Mellisa squeezed her tits hard until milk squirted
out into her hand as she licked it off.

Samantha watched as her daughter bucked on her husbands cock
like a cheap whore, cumming her brains out.

Sam growled and pulled out his cock just before blowing his
load.  Cum shot up on her ass and quickly Sam shoved it back
inside her pussy to pump the rest into her.  "See," he said out
of breath.  "She cums so pretty, I have to fuck her!!!!"

Samantha stormed off up the stairs.

"Why don't you come back down and join us?" Mellisa said as her
mother disappeared up the stairs.  "We'll be here a while."

When Samantha came back down the stairs, Sam was laying on his
back on the couch and Mellisa was on top of him, her father's
cock crammed all the way into her pussy. Mellisa teasingly
lifted her ass slowly so that her mother could see her husbands
cock sliding out of her young cunt. Samantha watched as Sam's
cock came out all the way so that she could see his head and
then watched it sink back inside her daughter effortlessly.

"It's disgusting!" Samantha stated as she sat in the chair that
had a good view of them from behind.

"Oh Ya?" Mellisa asked as she pressed down as far as she could
on her father's cock and moved her hips back in forth so that he
sloshed around inside her.  "I think it's pretty fucking
amazing!"

"My cunt is so stretched, mommy" Mellisa said.  "You know what
it feels like to have your pussy stretched?"

Mellisa sat up again letting her fathers cock pull out of her
slowly before she impaled herself on him again.

"Look at daddy's big cock, mommy" she said as her mother did. 
"Doesn't it look good inside me?  See how my cunt wraps around
his cock perfectly?  Ooooo!  No wonder you married him!"

"You're a shameless whore," her mother demanded.

Mellisa reached back with her hands and spread her ass
passionately while her father fucked her.  "Why?" she asked. 
"Because I fuck my daddy?  What's so...oh god...wrong with
fucking my daddy??"

Samantha crossed her legs nervously as she watched Mellisa
frantically grind harder and harder.  

"Oh my god," she yelled.  "I'm cumming again!  God, daddy, I'm
cumming again!!!!"

Sam grabbed her ass and pounded her into him noisily.

"Cum!" he barked.  "Cum!!!"

"Oh god!!!! Oh god!!!  OH GODDD!!!!!" Mellisa screamed. "I love
your cock!  I love your big goddamned cock inside me.  Oh my
god!!!!  I love your cock inside me!!!!"

After cumming for some time, Mellisa crawled off of her father
and onto her knees beside the couch.

"Now I'm going to suck daddy's big cock," Mellisa said as she
grabbed his slimy member with one hand and flicked her hair over
her neck with the other.  "Watch me give him head, mommy."

Mellisa opened her mouth wide and plunged her mouth onto her
fathers sticky cock.  "Mmmmm!" Mellisa moaned as she sucked and
slurped noisily.

"Look at this" Mellisa said between sucking and kissing his
heavy balls.  "Daddy's pregnant daughter, on the floor, her cum
all over his cock and she's sucking it off!  Isn't it beautiful?

"It's even more beautiful when she swallows my cum," Sam sat as
he sat up and held Mellisa's hair off of her neck.

Mellisa increased the pace now, sucking noisily and fisting her
fathers cock rapidly.

"I'm going to cum!" Sam snapped.  "Watch her neck, Samantha," he
said.  "Watch her swallow my cum!"

Sam bucked forward and Mellisa throat began to constrict as she
swallowed his hot load, jerking every drop into her eager mouth.

Pulling away, her lips stringy with cum she said, "I love you
daddy."

"I love you too, sweetheart," he said as he pushed her head back
onto his cock and moaned as she sucked hard to get the last
drops.

	"I've got a present for you daddy," Mellisa said as she popped
the tape into the VCR and pushed play. 

Mellisa walked over to sit on the couch next to her father to
watch the video.  When it came on Sam noticed that it was
someone's bedroom.  The lighting was poor and it looked like the
camera was in the corner of the room centered on the bed. 
Laying on the bed was the next door neighbor's daughter Tabitha.
 Sam knew Bill and Tabitha for years, had watched Tabitha grow
up from a baby to a 14 year old girl.

"What's this?" Sam asked.

"Just watch," Mellisa said excitedly as suddenly light flooded
into the room from what appeared to be someone opening the door.

Sam recognized Bill right away.  He was in his underwear and
headed straight for his 14 year old daughter, who, Sam now
noticed, was awake smiling.

Sam watched in shock as Bill pulled his underwear down to reveal
his large hard-on and pulled the covers off his daughter before
climbing into bed with her.  Bill spread his daughters young
legs and fisted his cock a couple of times before he slid it
easily into his daughters cunt.

"Oh my god, isn't is beautiful?" Mellisa said as she reached
over and began unbuttoning her fathers pants.  "He does this
every night!"

"How do you know?" Sam asked as she watched Bills ass pump up
and down between his daughters legs.

"she told me." Mellisa said as she pulled her fathers cock out
of his pants and began to masturbate him while watching the
movie. "I helped her set up the video so I could watch."

"She's only 14," Sam stated as he watched Bill increasing the
pace.

"I know," Mellisa smiled.  "I told you should have fucked me
when I was younger.  Look at them.  It's beautiful"

Sam watched as Bill pulled his cock out of his daughters cunt
and jerked a large load of cum all over her.

"Oh Jesus!" Mellisa cooed.  "Look at how much he loves her!!! 
Look at how much he cums for her!"

Sam smiled. "I can't believe it.  All these years and I would
have never known."

Mellisa leaned over and stuck her fathers cock in her mouth and
sucked heartily.

"You really think I should have fucked you when you were 14?" he
asked as his daughter impaled her mouth on his rod.

"Yes, daddy" she said between sucking his cock and licking his
balls.  "I would have been so young and so tight!"

"You're still tight," Sam moaned as she continued her vigorous
sucking.

"Ya?" she asked as she got up and knelt on the floor.  Pulling
her dress up and her panties down to reveal her trimmed black
bush she ordered, "Then prove it!  Fuck me tight little pussy
and show me how much you love me."

Sam slid up behind her and crammed his cock inside his daughters
snatch.

"Oh my god!" Mellisa screamed. "you've got such a big cock!  It
always feels so big inside me!!!"

"And your so tight!" Sam barked as she slapped her ass and began
pumping her hard.  "I love to fuck my baby's tight pussy."

"Did you like watching him make love to his little girl?"
Mellisa asked as her father pounded her from behind, "Did you
like to watch him fuck her like you fuck me?"

"Yes," Sam groaned as he squeezed his daughter ass and crammed
his cock hard inside her with long thrusts."

"Oh god!" she screamed.  "I'm cumming!!!!"



Melissa's mother walked in the room as Mellisa was laying her
father on his back and climbing her nude pregnant body up on top
of him.

"You too are always at it aren't you?" Samantha asked.

"Yes, mommy" Mellisa said as she grabbed her fathers swollen
cock from behind her and eased on to it slowly.  "Oooooo, " she
moaned.  "Such a thick cock!"

Samantha just shook her head and stood watching as Mellisa slid
up and down her fathers cock, her swollen tummy rubbing against
his.

"Can you believe how fucking good his cock looks inside me?" she
asked her mother.  "How good I look with his baby inside me and
his cock up my ass?"

She pulled off her father and crammed her asshole around his
large rod.

"See how his cock is in my ass?" she asked as she clenched her
ass cheeks and pumped up and down.

Within moments Sam was grabbing his daughters ass and cramming
himself deep as he shot his hot cum inside her.

	Nicole had heard Mellisa tell her about how exciting it was to
make love to her father and had decided to try and do the same. 
At 18 herself, she was blonde and beautiful with perky little
tits and a tight ass.

Nicole asked to go with her father out to the fields so that she
could just "get away from it all and suntan."  Her father, being
a farmer had to work the field every morning.  He agreed to let
her come along but told her it would be boring.  She expected it
would not be.

Nicole's father parked the truck near some corn and walked out
into the field to check on the harvest.  Quickly Nicole popped
down the back hatch of the pickup truck, climbed in the back and
took off her top exposing her pert young breasts.  Then, she
wiggled out of her bikini bottoms and lay completely naked on
her stomach in the truck.

When her father came back to the truck, Nicole was sure to
pretend she was sleeping while at the same time spreading her
legs just enough so that he could see her tight little blonde
bush between her legs, just beneath her shapely ass.

Nicole noticed that her father had stopped at the foot of the
truck and was not making a sound. For quite some time he stood
there so Nicole shifted in her fake sleep to spread her legs
further and raise her ass just a little to offer him a better
view.

After a time she suddenly "woke up" and looked back at him as he
stared between her legs.  Shamefully he looked away.

"Why, daddy," Nicole teased.  "Did you see me naked?"

"Put some cloths on!" he demanded as he continued to stare.

"But why?" she asked as she rolled onto her back and slipped her
hand between her legs to spread her tight pussy lips. "Don't you
like to watch?"

Her father licked his lips and ordered her again, "Put your
cloths back on."

"Don't you want to fuck me first?" she asked as she spread her
legs and inserted a finger into her tight snatch.

"What?" he asked in shock.

"Come on daddy," she pleaded.  "Get up here and stick your big
'ol cock inside me."

Suddenly her father ripped off his overalls and stripped down to
nothing.  In a flash he was up in the truck and on top of her.

"Oh god, daddy," she said as she felt his large cock resting
against her pelvis.  "Put it in me!  Please, put it in me!"	

Her father reached down and guided his big cock into her tight
little blonde pussy.

"OH GOD!!!" she moaned as he sank himself into her.  "Fuck me
daddy!!!"

Nicole's father grabbed on to the back of the truck bed and
pumped himself hard and fast into his daughters tight snatch. 
She felt so good.

"Oh....Fuck... Oh god..... Fuck..... Fuck me daddy!" Nicole
grunted between thrusts.

Her father grunted loudly as he pumped harder and harder.

"Cum inside me daddy!" she screamed.  "Cum in your goddammed
little girl!!!"











--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
