Second of two postings continuing a thread:.....
 
     Clubs do not have to honor the Equal Rights Amendment, or other such
laws allowing-for equality because they are, for the most part, private
clubs or corporations.  As long as they do not accept federal dollars or
profit in any way from the federal government, or have special licenses
(such as liquor licenses), they can limit admittance to anyone they want
pretty much.  If they were non-profit, or had licenses, admittance policies
could be challenged, but that could prove to be a long court battle, and
one that would have to be well-worded.  It would be interesting to see
where the ASA and their attorneys would be on such a case if it ever came
about.
 
     There are a variety of ways to meet the goal of allowing more men. The
question lies in whether club owners/leaders are willing to try new
policies for more than one season.  Quite often when new admittance
policies are tried, the first "glitch" or problem person encountered is
enough to get them to stop the program and go back to the old way of doing
things.  At one time people had to be married to get in.  Now, for the most
part, you need only be a couple (M/F).  Also, you had to be sponsored by an
existing member.  That is slowly being replaced by "membership committees"
who review applicant's for membership.  This is usually done through the
"three visit" rule (again something adopted by clubs - there is no ASA rule
for this).  I know of one club that admits M/F couples but does not care
who or what comes in - in other words a man may show up with a girlfriend,
sister, aunt, grandmother, or infant, as long as it's M/F.
 
     Curiously, I think the power to overturn limiting rules lies in the
hand of the women of clubs.  Rules that limit or prohibit single men from
clubs is often excused as being for the sake of the female members. Of
course, some of that could be males who don't like too many men looking (as
noted in the other thread).  If there ares true feelings among the female
members, then maybe a rule is necessary, but if they do not care, maybe
they should speak up.
 
     Keep in mind that for the most part, restrictions on single men is the
product of the older nudist resorts.  Those clubs that are affiliated with
the Naturist Society or which came into being frm the free beaches, have
policies that are more open.
 
     I am proud to say that in the 10 years of existence of my club, the
New England Naturist Association, (NENA) we have only had to ask two men
and one couple to please not come anymore.  They were problem people for
many different reasons.  One was mentally immature, one was a heavy
drinker, and the couple thought that "naturism" included free and open
sexuality - liabilities all.  As a non-profit corporation, we HAVE to admit
all people regardless of race, creed, marital status, or sexual preference,
and to date we have had little problem with the single men.  In fact, if
there are any problems, they seem to be with some of the couples.
 
     We do occasionally get complaints about gender balance, but that
usually comes from people we invite to our acitivities from local ASA clubs
where restrictions apply.  I guess that's one of the major differences
between "Naturist" groups and ASA clubs - that being the singles/couples
issue.
 
     The reasons for limiting single men are archaic, and unreasonable for
the times we live in.  People must be observed and admitted for their own
contributions, merits, and personalities.
 
Dennis Kirkpatrick - Vice Pres & Director, NENA Inc.
 