Archive-name: Affairs/mfs_01.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Marjorie Gets Screwed in Chicago


It had all started when Ralph suggested the we go into Chicago
and see if we could pick-up someone else on the Strip.  I didn't
really want to, but I knew Ralph wanted to screw someone else
and I was willing to go along with him.  So Ralph had dropped me
off and gone out cruising for some girl to pick up.

I had wondered around, watching people, talking to some of them,
and somewhere along the line I found myself walking arm and arm
with some strange man.  He was pleasant to talk to and I didn't
realize we were going anywhere in particular until we walked
into a parking garage.

"What are we doing here?"  I asked myself as we waited for the
elevator.

He put his arms around me.  "Would you like to come with me?" 
he said, just before his lips met mine.  My heart began pounding
and I felt his hot tongue probing gently between my lips.  I
knew what he meant.  Come to bed with him.  Let him screw me.

"What am I doing here kissing this strange man?"  I thought
wildly.  For a moment I froze in panic, then I got a mental
picture of Ralph with some other girl.  I saw him fucking her
and suddenly it was my kid sister Millie he was fucking.  I
broke off the kiss and turned my head away.  I could feel the
tears in my eyes as I leaned against the man beside me.

"Are you all right?"  he said as he held me in his arms.  I
turned and put my arms around his neck and kissed him.  His
tongue darted into my mouth, hot and alive, and mine responded
as I tried to loose myself in his kiss.

When the elevator door opened we stopped long enough to get into
the elevator then his lips were back on mine, his hands on my
ass drawing me tightly against him.  We got out on the top floor
of the parking garage and he put his arm around me as we walked
over to a large car parked away by itself in the dark.  I
hesitated when he opened the back door.  I had thought we were
at least going to go to a motel or something.  His hand was
cupping my ass and gently pushing/guiding me into the car.  I
got in and quickly sat down.  He got in and sat down beside me,
putting his arm around me and drawing me close against him.

Our lips met again and I slowly relaxed against him.  His hot
tongue probed my mouth as his hand began to explore my body.  He
gently cupped my breast, squeezing and fondling it, and lightly
pinching the nipple until it was hard and erect.  I felt his
hands fumbling at the back of my dress.  There was the whisper
of a zipper and the next thing I knew my dress was loose and he
was sliding the straps off my shoulders.  The cool air brushed
across my naked breasts for a moment, then his hands were there,
warm and exciting as they gently caressed my sensitive flesh.  I
felt the heat rising inside me, but the panic was also coming
back.  I broke away from him and leaned back against the seat of
the car.

"I can't go through with this," I thought, "I've got to stop it
before it goes to far!"  I saw him lean forward and then I felt
his mouth on my breasts.  I was ready to panic, but at the same
time I was wildly excited.  Involuntarily my arms went around
his head, holding it to my breasts as his teeth gently nipped my
hard, throbbing nipples.  I was aware of his hand on my leg
sliding slowly up my thigh under my dress.  Higher and higher
his hand caressed, until his finger lightly brushed across the
silky, nylon crotch of my panties.  My whole body shuttered at
that light caress and I melted up against him.  The light touch
of his finger became harder, more demanding, until it was
pushing the damp material of my panties into my wet, excited
slit.

I felt his hand caress up, across my panty covered mound.  Then
it was pushing into my panties and down past my damp, pubic
hair.  A moment later his questing finger slipped between my
moist cunt lips as it glided deep into my tight, wet pussy.  My
whole body was on fire with my desire, my lust, to be screwed. 
I felt him pulling my panties down, and I didn't stop him.  I
didn't want to stop him.

"No-o-o-o!"  I moaned softly.  "I can't do it!"  My hands were
on his chest pushing him away, only he wasn't going away. 
Instead he took my hand and drew it to him, to his lap.  He
gently closed it around something....something hot, and hard,
and throbbing.  "Oh God!"  I thought, "I'm holding his penis and
it so-o-o HARD."

"No-o-o-o, please NO," I cried, "I'm not this kind of girl, I
can't!" And all the while I was saying "I can't," he was laying
me down on the seat of the car.  I could feel the cool night air
on my exposed crotch.  My panties were gone and I had my legs
apart.  His big cock was in my hand.  So BIG and HOT and ALIVE. 
"He is going to FUCK me," I realized.  This total stranger was
going to take his big, male penis and push it into my body.  I
was crying.  I didn't want it to happen, but at the same time my
body was so excited I thought I would die if he didn't take me
soon.  I felt him moving between my legs, mounting me, his body
wedging my legs even further apart.  Then his hard cock brushed
against my thigh.

"No-o-o-o!"  I cried softly.  I pushed ineffectually against his
chest as he came down on top of me, crushing me down into the
seat of the car.  "Please No," I whispered, but my hips were
thrusting my excited cunt up against his hard, throbbing cock.

"No-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o!!!"  I wailed in anguish and ecstasy as he
thrust forward and his big, hard cock penetrated me.  I could
feel the head of his throbbing cock stretching the slobbering
wet lips of my cunt apart as it invaded my wetly excited vagina.
 His arms were around me, holding me gently as his lips melded
with mine.  Slowly, excruciatingly slowly, his big cock began to
ooze up inside me.  Deeper and deeper it slithered into me,
stretching my tight clutching pussy open as it filled my
trembling body.  "Oh God," I moaned as his big prick sheathed
itself completely in my pussy.  It was unbelievably,
thrillingly, "wicked", to feel this stranger's cock inside me. 
To feel it filling my body.  To feel it throbbing with his
heartbeat deep within me.

Then he was moving.  His wonderful, hard cock was sliding deep
inside me.  Surging inside my convulsing pussy like some primal
tidal wave.  Back and forth it moved.  Again and again it
withdrew only to plunge deep inside me again.  My hips were
straining upward to receive his downward thrusting cock. "He is
fucking me!"  I thought in wild excitement.  "I can't even
remember his name or what he looks like, but his big, hard,
wonderful cock is inside me and he is FUCKING ME!".

My arms were around his neck and I was kissing him with all my
soul.  His beautiful cock was pounding over and over into my
pussy and I was in heaven. His ravaging cock was driving me
wild.  My body was convulsing in ecstasy as his cock plunged
again and again to the most secret depths of my being.  I could
hear myself screaming out my fulfillment, but it was far away. 
All that was here and now was his deep fucking cock as it
exploded inside me, sending me soaring in a soul-distorting
climax that finally left me weakly shuttering...  in the back
seat of a car with some strange man between my legs.

I pushed at the heavy limp weight on top of me and after a few
moments he sat up.  His prick oozed wetly out of my body,
leaving a damp trail of sticky cum on my thighs.  I sat up and
looked for my panties.  They were a damp, sodden mass of nylon,
but I pulled them wet and cold up my legs to cover my naked
pussy.  He very gallantly helped me zip my dress back up.  I
could feel his semen inside me and all I wanted to do was leave.
 I made my excuses and got out of the car.  He didn't follow me.
 He had gotten what he wanted.  He had screwed me.

Back out on the street I wondered around for a while.  His cum
was still trickling from my pussy, but there wasn't much I could
do about it.  I thought of stopping at a nightclub and using
their bathroom to clean up, but about that time Ralph drove by. 
I waved and he stopped and picked me up.

We drove out Bayshore Drive to the planetarium where we parked. 
We decided not to drive back home since it was so late at night.
 Eventually I got up the nerve to ask if he had picked up a
girl.  He said no, he hadn't had any luck.  Then he asked if I
had met anyone.  That was the question I had been dreading.

I cuddled up to him and softly said yes.  Then he asked me what
had happened.  I told him that I had gone to his car with him. 
He asked if we had done anything.  I told him that we had.  "Did
you let him fuck you?"  Ralph asked.  I just nodded, but I could
hear the excitement in his voice.  He held me in his arms and
kissed me.  Then he said, "tell me what happened."  So I told
him how the man had undressed me.  I described how he took off
my panties.  And I described how his cock had felt in my hand. 
I told him how he had laid me down on the back seat of his car
and gotten on top of me.  And then I described how he had thrust
his big cock into my pussy and screwed me.  Finally I told him
how the man had come inside me, his hard cock throbbing between
my legs until my pussy was full of his thick slimy sperm.

Ralph's hand slipped up between my legs.  He felt my damp
panties.  Then he put his hand in my panties and slid a finger
into my pussy.  I know he could feel the slippery, slimy feel of
another man cum in my cunt, but it seemed to make him even more
excited.  And I found that I was excited too.  In describing the
way I had let a total stranger fuck me in the back seat of his
car, I had gotten excited again.  And Ralph was turned on by the
thought of another man sticking his cock in me.  I freed his
raging cock and a moment later he had stripped my damp,
cum-filled panties off and he was thrusting his hard cock deep
into my flooded pussy.  We were both terribly excited by what
had happened to me.  In less than a minute we were both coming
and Ralph cock was spraying his cum deep inside me to mix with
the cum of the stranger that had fucked me just an hour before.

--b