                              MISTRESS OF BONDAGE

                                   PART VIII



     Terry was permitted to rest in near comfort for the second part of the
day and then she was awakened by Yvette.  The maid was dressed and made-up in
erotic elegance indicating that this was a special night.  Her corset was a
striped and laced affair made of expensive satin.  Her bikini panties were
made of silk as were her stockings and she sported long leather gloves.
     "Mademoiselle Terry, the Mistress will see you now," she said with a
smile.
 Before Terry could speak, Yvette forced a knotted scarf into her mouth and
tied it tightly around her head.  Her hands were released and then bound
together in front.  The she was "dressed" in silk panties, stockings and high
heels before being led out of the dungeon.
      The sun was still streaking through the windows as they made their way
to the topmost level of the castle.  It suddenly grew very dark and foreboding
when they entered the hallway leading to the Mistress room.  Terry could
barely see Lady Miranda when they came into the huge bedroom chamber, but she
could see enough.  She had never been so angry with anyone in her life, yet
the elegant, magnetic beauty of this woman was beyond comprehension.
      Her blonde hair lay about her beautiful face in understated
resplendence.  Her breasts spilled wantonly over the bodice of a chic babydoll
nightgown.  Her long, sexy legs added even more height to this statuesque
vixen.  Truly she was more lovely than anyone could ever hope to be.  All the
fear, all the anger and exhaustion, was quickly pushed aside when the Mistress
moved forward and hugged the wide-eyed blonde.
      "Theresa, darling, I want you to spend the evening in my chamber," she
said in her whisper soft tone.  Her hands rested on Susan's naked hips and
then moved sensuously down over her buttocks.  "We'll have a splendid time, I
assure you.  Yvette, bind Susan's ankles and then make yourself ready to serve
me."
      Yvette made Terry kneel down beside a large lounging throne covered
luxuriously with a big, plush fur.  She tied the girl's ankles together with
rope and then did a very curious thing.  She entered a closet, rummaged
around, and then emerged with a pair of manacles flung over her shoulder; and
she was gagging herself with a professional looking gag made of leather.
After she effectively plugged her own mouth, Yvette snapped the manacles on
her wrists and fixed a steel collar around her neck.  To Sue's unbelief, she
had bound and gagged herself and then had left the room as if it were not
unusual.
      Lady Miranda lay down on the lounge and simply stared at her lovely
blonde schoolgirl.  Terry could feel her eyes roaming over her skin and,
despite the rigors of the past 24 hours, felt a tingling in her pussy.  Then
the Mistress produced a huge feather and ran it down the length of Sue's back.
The feather delved into the crack between her buttocks and Lady Miranda smiled
at the gasp that whistled through the poor girl's nose.
      "You really are very pretty, Theresa," she whispered.  "I'm going to
spend the entire evening enjoying your beautiful body."  Yvette reentered the
chamber with a tray of champagne which she offered silently to the Mistress.
Lady Miranda drank several glasses of the sparkling vintage as she toyed her
feather erotically around Susan's curves and crevices.  The maid stood
dutifully beside the lounge until the bottle had been drained and then nodded
her head as if to ask of the Mistress wanted another bottle.  Getting no
reply, Yvette set the tray down and moved to the corner.
      Lady Miranda helped Terry up onto the lounge and had her stretch out on
her back.  All of her charms were now spread before the Mistress like a
luxurious meal, to be eaten slowly and thoughtfully, savoring every morsel.
The older woman crawled onto the lounge and kissed Terry lightly on each
nipple.  Sue's eyeballs rolled up and back while a groan of ecstasy escaped
through her nose.  She felt Lady Miranda's hand on her pussy and instinctively
rose her hips to meet her gentle caress.
      One eye popped open just as the other woman parted her ruby red lips
over an erect nipple and planted her mouth on one of Terry's breasts.  She
sucked on the breast, stirring both of them into eroticism, and the
schoolgirl's bound hands found their way to the Mistress' nightgown.  When she
undid the bow, she found that Lady Miranda's breasts were soft and smooth to
the touch.  For her part, Lady Miranda groaned as Terry manipulated her
bosoms, but she kept her mouth right where it was.
      Terry had never made love to another woman before, but she had always
harbored the desire.  She somehow thought that it would be nice if Terry was
the first, but right then it was of little importance.  Her Mistress could not
have been more tantalizing.  Except.......Except.....In a blinding flash,
memories of the way she and Terry had been tortured and abused slipped past
the sensuality and rekindled the angry part of her.  There was a curt, liquid-
sounding pop as Terry pushed Lady Miranda off her breast and rolled off the
bed.  She lay on the floor and awaited the thunderous anger she knew would be
vented on her at any moment.
      "Time for you to leave us to our pleasures, Yvette," said the Mistress
calmly.  "Tell Helga or Niko to come here and then go lock yourself into your
hanging cage."  Yvette pranced out of the room and Terry watched as Lady
Miranda changed into the black leotard, gloves and boots which seemed to be
her uniform.  There was a knock on the door shortly and then Niko appeared in
the room.  The long-haired Asian beauty was dressed in a print frock which the
Mistress told her to remove.
     "Keep your stockings and heels on, Niko and then take this young harlot
into the drawing room," she said.  "Take off her panties and stockings and
then suspend her from the ceiling tied as she is.  I'll be in presently."
Niko stripped herself down as commanded and then dragged poor Terry into the
next room by her feet.  Once in the drawing room, Niko had Terry kneel down
and then tied her already bound wrists to a rope hanging down from the
ceiling.  Then, after glancing at the doorway, Niko bent down and whispered in
he captive's ear.
     "Courage, my young friend, Helga and I are seeing to your safety."  Terry
cursed her gag.  She had questions coming out of her ears.  Both Niko and
Helga had given her reason to hope for escape, but what was going on here?
Niko glanced at the door again and darted over to the the window to peek out
the drapes.  Then she returned to Terry and appeared to be adjusting her gag
when the Mistress entered the room.
     "Lovely, Niko," she said, looking at Terry.  "You have a way with rope.
Please remain here in case I need you."  She caressed Sue's cheek with a
fingertip and broke into an evil, sardonic smile.  "Theresa, my love, I'm
going to punish you severely for that little show of displeasure."  Her palm
reached down and cupped one of the young girl's breasts.  "But first, I'm
going to make love to you.  To ALL of you.  Every inch of your beautiful body.
Every crack, every orifice, every hill and valley.  And then......" CRACK!!
     The sharp staccato noise was so loud that Terry was certain that it was a
gunshot.  Her first instinct was further confirmed when the Mistress wrenched
her back and then yelped like a wounded fox.  Her knees buckled and she wailed
with agonizing fury.  Terry never thought Lady Miranda possessed such force in
her vocal cords.  The woman crumbled up in a pile before her and it was then
that she saw Niko standing near the window.
     Niko was holding the drapes aside and flooding the room with the last
vestige of light coming from the dying sun.  She let the drapes fall shut
again and then clapped her hands together in childlike joy.  Terry was
bewildered and she thought she saw a tear forming at the corner of Niko's eye.
The tall Asian woman turned toward the wall and remained motionless for a
moment.  The Mistress stopped writhing and lay inert at Sue's knees and, if
she had harbored any questions before, it was nothing compared to this.
     Suddenly, Lady Miranda's eyes slipped open and she looked straight into
Terry's soul.  Then she turned her head toward Niko and Terry tried, through
her muffled mouth to warn her.  Lady Miranda moved up behind the other woman,
spun her around and threw her to the floor by her hair.
     "SLUT!" she cried, "Miserable clumsy idiot!  I told you never to open the
drapes in the daytime.  You'll pay dearly for your thoughtlessness, bitch!"
Niko looked up at her Mistress and shivered in terror.  Lady Miranda yelled
for Helga as she continued her tirade and Helga entered the room with a look
of astonishment.  Niko caught her eye and they exchanged quick communication
before the Mistress spoke to her.
     "Clamp the stocks on that imbecile on the floor and then take Theresa
down to the dunking chair."  She was calming down somewhat, but there was
still venom in her voice.  "I'll deal with each of them soon."  Saying that,
she left the room in a hurry.
     Terry watched as Helga removed a wooden device from a closet and then
helped Niko up off the floor.  As she sat the beautiful woman down on a block
of wood, they were whispering excitedly and Terry knew they were talking about
what had just occurred.  Niko's expression was fearful as they talked, but
Helga seemed elated.  She clamped the stock around Niko's head and wrists and
then removed her stockings.  Then she chained her ankles with steel manacles
and produced a large ball gag.
     "Open wide, Niko," Helga said, before she gently but firmly gagged the
gardener.  Then she kissed her on the forehead and went over to Terry.  The
younger girl again tried to talk through her gag as Helga undid her ankles and
released the rope fro the ceiling.  Helga told her to have patience and then
led her out of the room by the rope tied to her hands.
     Niko was left alone for a few moments, but it seemed like an eternity.
She was scared to death as she had never seen the Mistress so angry, but there
was one bright spot.  She had committed herself.  She had opened the drapes
deliberately to see what Lady Miranda would do, and now she knew that what she
and Helga had suspected was true.  I seemed obvious since they had never seen
the Mistress in daylight and there were no mirrors in the castle, but they
needed proof.
     Niko sucked involuntarily on the huge ball in her mouth and tried to
recall the scene.  Had she been able to make her action look like a mistake?
Did the Mistress really believe that she had been forgetful, or had Niko shown
her hand?  There would be some difficulty soon, but how bad could it be?
Punishment for carelessness was one thing; punishment for treachery would be
quite another.
     An honest terror gripped the unfortunate oriental woman in the belly.
Lady Miranda must NOT realize she had been deceived.  There would be certainly
no living through her wrath.  In her agitated state, Niko could not help but
imagine the worst.  Lady Miranda would take her into the lowest, most grim
hole in the dungeons and bind her up in a cruel, tortuous position.  She
imagined herself naked, gagged and completely vulnerable.  Then the evil woman
would unleash all the foulest, most hideous creatures of hell on her body to
torture it and torment her soul.  And then, in the middle of oblivion, she
would expire and never be heard from again.  Niko closed her eyes and broke
into tears just as Lady Miranda returned.
     "I'll teach you to be clumsy," she said.  "In a few minutes, you won't
know anything but the pain the that big bum of yours."  A wave of blessed
relief washed over Niko as she was led down to the dungeon.  She had done it!
She had played her part well enough so that Lady Miranda had bought her
stupidity.  She would be punished, but she would survive.
     Niko was almost happy to be chained by the ankles to a steel pole which
featured a crossbar on top.  The crossbar was cold and uncomfortable against
her pussy and it seemed to spread her large buttocks apart, offering the
jiggling globes as a sacrifice to Lady Miranda's whip.  The woman was still
livid and was about to vent her anger on Niko's bare skin, but the gardener
breathed a sigh of relief and a silent prayer of thanks.  The whip whistled
through the air and Niko tightened her muscles, clenched her fists and closed
her eyes.
      Terry had plenty to think about as she sucked on the ball gag strapped
in her mouth.  Helga had chained the horrible chastity belt back on her and
then chained her to a wooden chair.  The chair was at one end of a wooden
machine which could, with the gentlest touch, swing the occupant out over a
pool of water fed by an underground spring.  She was going mad with questions
about the preceding events.  What had happened to Lady Miranda?  What was
going on?  And where was Sue?  She knew that Sue was at the end of her rope,
both literally and figuratively.
      She was dashed from her thoughts as Lady Miranda came into the dunking
dungeon and laid her whip around Terry's neck.  There was a dull thud as the
catch fell away from the machine and Terry felt herself swinging out over the
pool.
      "You are to forget you saw any weakness in me, Theresa."  Terry looked
down at the water and closed her eyes.  It was just in time.....Lady Miranda
released the chair and the poor girl crashed violently into the cold water.
Some of the water got into her nose and she coughed instantly sending all the
air out of her lungs.  The prospect of drowning became all too real just
before the chair was raised out of the water and Terry's lungs instinctively
whooshed in the air.  Lady Miranda waited until she finished coughing and
sputtering through her nose and then spoke.
      "Take a deep breath, Theresa," she said.  "You'll be under for a full
two minutes this time, whether I see bubbles or not."  The dunking went on for
almost an hour until the poor schoolgirl was cold tired and desperate.  But
more than anything else, she was angry.  She was so full of hate that she knew
she could kill the bitch if she got the chance.  She looked like a drowned rat
when she was finally swung back on the stone floor.
      "I'm leaving you now, Theresa," the Mistress cooed, placing her face
right up beside Terry's.  "Try to remember while I'm gone that there's no
trace of weakness in me.  I hold your life in my hands."
      "Yeah, you pompous slut!" thought Terry, "and I'll hold your tits in
mine just before I twist them off!"  Soon there was silence in the dungeon
save for the dripping water, and Terry knew that she would have to escape
Castle Thorne or die.  There was no fantasy left here.  Lady Miranda held the
two young ladies in slavery from which death would be the only release.
      She looked up and shook the water from her face when she heard someone
coming down the corridor.  She was relieved to see that it was not the
Mistress, but that it was Helga carrying a robe, some towels and a steaming
mug.
      "Terry," said the stunning Scandinavian sincerely, " you poor dear.  You
look so pitiful."  Her gag was popped out of her mouth and she spoke
immediately.
      "Helga, if you tell me to be patient again, I'll bit your cunt off!"
      "Good girl!" Helga replied, trying to smile, "You're more angry than
afraid.  Actually, Terry dear, I'd adore letting you do that, but we have
things to do tonight."  Terry sensed that things had changed by the way Helga
was treating her.  Having released her from the chair and removed all of her
bonds, Helga helped her into the robe and was drying her hair as they spoke.
"Are you going to help us do what we came her to do if we help you and Sue to
escape?"
      "And that is?" Terry asked.
      "We have to destroy Lady Miranda," Helga said gravely after a short
pause.  She waited for Terry to blink her eyes and gape at her, but she did
not.  The teenager cupped her hands around the warm mug of chocolate and
turned her head to look at the pool.  A full minute passed before she spoke.
      "I noticed you said destroy, not kill."
      "You're very intelligent as well as brave, dear girl," Helga said.
"Good, it'll save time.  You've seen how the Mistress crumbled in the
sunlight.  There are no mirrors here and she comes and goes only at night.
The forest creatures avoid this place like the plague."  The buxom blonde
moved closer to Terry.  "And somebody seems to wander around here in a puff of
smoke."
      Now, Terry shuddered.  "Was he real, Helga?"
      "He's as real as the Mistress," Helga replied, "and he must also be
destroyed."
      "They're vampires."  The words dropped casually out of Terry's mouth
before she thought of them.
      "Yes, they are.  And tonight we're going to make them dead people so we
can properly pray for their souls."
      "But how did you and Niko and Yvette...?
      "Yvette is really the maid here.  Niko and I are the plants.  I met her
at a cocktail party a few years ago and was fascinated by her adventures.
She's a psychologist by degree and an investigator of psychic phenomena by
profession.  She writes books on the subject.  It was only natural that I ask
her for help when I decided to come here."
      "But why did you come here, Helga?" asked Terry.  "Aren't you
frightened?"
      "I'm scared stiff, Terry," she replied, "but I had to come," Helga had
lost her winning smile.  "My family owns and runs a newspaper in Oslo and we
all have our hands in the business.  But after my mother died, my father lost
interest in it and just quit coming to work.  He spent all his time drinking
too much and carousing all over Europe with his money."
      Helga's voice broke here and there but she continued on.  "Last year,
his travels took him here on one of Lady Miranda's `special tours' and he
hasn't been heard from since.  I traced him here and discovered several
similar disappearances.  Then I called Niko, who jumped at the prospect of
uncovering a real vampire, and, well here we are.  Terry, we could have put
that bitch away months ago; we discovered that she sleeps in a coffin in the
tower during the day.  But we need Sir Jeffrey too."
      "Is he really that Sir Jeffrey guy?" asked Terry.
      "Well, he was," Helga replied.  "Lady Slut didn't finish the fairy tale
for you Friday night.  Our noble knight did some high-class raping and
pillaging after he sent his two princesses back to Britain on the boat.  His
travels ended in the Carpathian mountains in central Europe where he spent the
night wenching at the castle of a local notable.  His host happened to be one
of the undead, and before dawn, Sir Jeffrey joined him in his misery."
      "When he returned to Castle Thorne, he learned that his wife had let the
Arabian princesses die and he flew into a rage.  Lady Miranda didn't tell you
that he actually killed his wife, the Lady Anne.  Nor did she tell you that
his anger was spent in time to save his daughter from death."
      "His daughter?"
      "Lady Miranda.  He didn't kill her, but he did put the mark of the
vampire on her and they have lived here for centuries terrorizing the
surrounding countryside.  She keeps things going here on a day-to-day basis,
but he rarely shows up.  That was our big problem until you and Sue arrived.
He thinks you two are his dead princesses.  If you can bring him around again
tonight, maybe we can keep him here until the sun comes up."
      All different kinds of fear and horror and hatred coursed through
Terry's heart.  Then she remembered something.
      "Where's Sue?" she asked.
      "I took her to Niko's room.  Niko took quite a beating from the Mistress
and Sue is tending her wounds.  Sue is terribly frightened, Terry."
      "So am I," replied the spunky teenager, "but Sue and I have a lot of
heart.  You can count on us."



                                     <NEXT>
                              <THE FINAL CHAPTER>