A MOTHER"S LOVE
By Ed Dippus

      It was an early summer evening. I had been out with some friends for a 
late dinner when suddenly one of them became ill. So our plans fell through 
and I returned home earlier than expected.
      As I entered the front door, I noticed that the TV in the den was on. 
The den is accessible from the hall via an open door and from the kitchen 
via a swinging door. A shuttered "window" also looked in on it from the 
kitchen. It was originally supposed to be a dining room, but with kids 
formal dining rooms are laughable.
      Anyway, I heard a low murmur of voices from the den, and figured that 
Jeff, my 17-year-old son, had a friend over to watch TV. Not wanting to 
bother them, I entered the kitchen to fix myself a sandwich. But halfway to 
the 'fridge, I was stopped in my tracks by a moan emanating from the den. I 
crept up to the shutters, quietly moved some of the louvers, and peered in.
      There, by the flickering light of the TV, I saw Jeff on his knees in 
front of the couch. Seated on the couch was a young blonde girl, whom I 
recognized as Barbara Carson, one of the more popular cheerleaders from 
Jeff's school. I had often heard Jeff mooning about after her, despairing 
that she was out of his reach. I would really be cheering for my shy son 
over this conquest, were it not for the fact that the girl was naked!
      Jeff, too, had most of his clothes off. Clad only in his skivvies, he 
was busily eating the teenage bombshell's pussy! She moaned encouragment to 
him "Oh, yes, Jeffy. That's good. Eat my pussy." And he eagerly complied. I 
should have marched right in there to stop it, but the poor boy would have 
been mortified. In an odd way, I was pleased for him. I had been so worried 
since his father died that he would be backward where it came to women. I 
decided to let the episode run its course, then speak to him afterward. In 
the meantime, I had an opportunity to observe some real hot cunt-lapping!
      The girl was getting closer and closer to orgasm. She kept encouraging 
him saying such things as "LICK my clit. Oh, yes, Jeff. Are you sure you've 
never done this before?" Eventually, however, she stopped talking and just 
moaned as her orgasm approached. Finally she uttered a short scream, ground 
her crotch in my son's face, and flooded his tongue with her juices. He kept 
licking and sucking, until finally, with a shudder she pushed him away.
      Jeff stood up and shucked his shorts. I gasped inwardly when his sweet 
young cock sprang into view. Like the rest of him, it was man-high but 
boy-wide. In fact, its lack of girth made it look even longer than it was. I 
don't know where he got such an endowment, but it wasn't from his father. 
Anyway, he sat down next to the girl and said "What about me, Barb? How 
about my turn?"
      Barbara got up and turned to face him. "Very nice," she said "but I'm 
done here. You can go back to jacking off."
      Poor Jeff's face fell. "But... I thought you liked me," he said.
      "I like you fine..." the teasing bitch said cruelly as she dressed, 
"as a cuntlapper. But there's no way I'm returning that favor. If it got out 
that I fucked or sucked a dweeb like you, I would be the laughingstock of 
the school, not to mention getting bothered by all the other geeks. Thanks 
for the cum, baby, but I'm gone." and she flounced out of the house.
      Jeff just sat there stunned on the couch, his hard-on in no way 
diminished by the shredding he had just received. If he hadn't been my son, 
I would have found it almost comical the way his prick quivered all alone 
without hope for relief. With a half-sob, Jeff grabbed it and began jacking 
off furiously.
      My heart went out to him and, without thinking, I entered the den and 
approached him.
      "MOM!" he yelped, grabbing a throw pillow and trying to cover up. Then 
he just gave up and burst into tears.
      "It's okay, baby," I soothed him, wrapping my arms around him in a 
protective embrace. "It's okay. I heard the whole thing. I'm not mad at you. 
But that teasing bitch has really pissed me off."
      As I soothed him, he sobbed out the story of how she had come on to 
him. He had been thrilled to receive the attention of the object of his 
daydreams, and when it got sexual, he could barely restrain himself. But she 
had called all the shots, with the result I had witnessed. It was painful to 
me to see such a good- looking young guy at the mercy of any woman because 
of his lack of confidence. I decided to help him the only way I knew.
      I slipped my hand down his torso and under the pillow. His head shot 
up in alarm as I grasped his still stiff cock.
      "It's okay, honey," I whispered, stroking him gently. "You're a 
handsome young stud who shouldn't have to put up with that from any woman. 
Most women would be proud to go to bed with you. I would be."
      "You would, Mom?" he husked.
      "Of course I would. You have a fine body and I could see you really 
know how to please a woman. Now let me show you how a woman can please you."
      I pushed away the pillow and dropped my head to his lap. His 
involuntary gasp was immediately replaced by a moan as I vacuumed his prick 
into my mouth. Its lack of girth was marvelous, as I could slide it deep in 
without straining my jaw. In fact, I deep- throated him on the first stroke, 
something I could never do with any other man. As my nose bottomed out in 
his pubes, I inhaled the sweet musky smell of youth, and was immediately 
intoxicated. I knew that I was going to do everything for this young stud, 
and I wanted to because I loved him.
      Less than ten quick sucking strokes later, Jeff was spewing his young 
seed into my mouth. His orgasm came without warning, and actually hit as 
only the tip of his cock was in my mouth. My cheeks bulged out with his 
load, and I swallowed quickly. Between spurts, I slammed my head back down 
his shaft, and milked him dry with the muscles of my throat. When his orgasm 
subsided, I lifted my head and gazed at him. His eyes shone with love and 
gratitude. Wordlessly I pulled his head to mine and kissed him deeply.
      The funny thing was, I never fully realized the "impropriety" of what 
we were doing until that kiss. Sucking off my son did not seem out of place, 
but french kissing him did. Well, I was never one to deal with paradoxes 
like that, so I mentally shrugged it off and stuck my tongue nearly down his 
throat.
      We broke the kiss and Jeff whispered, "Oh, Mom, thank you. I love you 
so much."
      "I love you, son." I looked down and, as expected, he was only 
slightly less hard after his come than before. "I can see you're still 
turned on. That's good, because I want to show you so much more."
      "Anything you want, Mom," he grinned.
      "No, dear," I corrected him gently "anything you want."
      I stood up then, and began to strip. Within seconds, my skirt was in a 
heap on the floor, my blouse was next to it and I had kicked off my shoes 
and my panty hose. I paused in only my bra and panties, knowing that if I 
took them off that it would be the point of no return. I looked at my loving 
son, avidly drinking in my firm, mature body. His eyes lifted to meet mine 
in a loving, imploring look. "What the hell," I thought, and undid the clasp 
to my bra.
      The change in his face was electrifying. His eyes lit up and a hungry 
smile came to his face. His tongue slipped out, moistening his lips, and he 
began to look less like a timid youth and more like a hungry wolf. I loved 
it.
      Jeff was mesmerized by my tits, which are a nice 38D size. I had 
always been proud of them, though I usually dressed to downplay them (not 
out of shame, but to avoid being hassled by ogling leches). But I didn't 
mind this ogler in the least. Under his gaze, my nipples hardened out. Even 
taking my panties off was anticlimactic, as my son barely noticed, so taken 
was he with my tits.
      I moved to the sofa, planting my knees outside of his thighs and 
settling my ass down on his lap, his rock hard prick between us.
      "Oh, Mom," he breathed, "I want you!"
      "Take me, Jeff, I'm yours."
      With that, he buried his head between my breasts and we were off. He 
voraciously licked and sucked the nipples, biting gently. Like that teasing 
bitch Barbara, I could not believe he had no prior experience. Unlike her, 
however, I planned to put his expertise to full use. I dropped my hand 
between us, and began rubbing his cock against my very moist pussy lips. He 
responded by bringing a hand up between my thighs and cupping my pussy with 
thumb and forefinger. Like a magnet, his thumb beelined for my clit, and 
soon I was bouncing up and down on his hand like I was riding a horse. He 
began a steady pressure upward with his hand. Simultaneously, he began 
trailing his tongue down my torso. Soon I was fully raised up on my knees, 
my back arched, pushing my cunt into his face. He chewed my muff vigorously, 
and I came like gangbusters.
      I was in awe of my son's technique. And I had to have that beautiful 
cock inside me. I stood up, and pulled him up after me. We embraced and 
kissed deeply. I could taste my juices on his lips, and it drove me even 
wilder. Together we sank down to the carpet. I laid back before him, 
spreading my legs wide in invitation. "Come on, Jeff, come fuck your 
mother."
      "Oh yeah,' he groaned as he leaned forward on his knees.
      I felt his hips between my knees, between my thighs. I reached forward 
for his silky-smooth young cock. As he sank forward, I guided it towards my 
pussy. As it slipped through my hand, it left a cool slimy trail of pre-cum 
across my palm. He paused as the head hit me square between my pussy lips. 
He looked inquiringly at me. In answer, I raised my palm to my mouth, 
deliberately licked off his spunk while staring into his eyes, and said 
"Fuck Mommy."
      He did.
      I felt every inch of his young meat slide into me, and I knew I would 
do anything for his pleasure. As his long strokes brought us each closer to 
orgasm, I envisioned all the ways I would please him. I also knew that I 
would make that bitch Barbara pay for the way she used Jeff. Shaking my head 
slightly to clear it of her unpleasant presence, I clamped my pussy muscles 
tighter on my son's prick. The increased friction brought us both to the 
edge. Jeff groaned through clenched teeth "Oh, Mom, I'm gonna cum." "Do it," 
I hissed, "cum in Mommy's pussy. Shoot your hot jizz all in my pussy. Cum!" 
Immediately I felt the first splash of his jizz hit the depths of my pussy. 
It triggered my orgasm, and each spasm of my cunt brought forth another jet 
of his cum. Each jerk of his prick increased my orgasm and so on, back and 
forth, our orgasms building, extending, crescendoing, then subsiding.
      Jeff sank into my arms and kissed me as his hard-on subsided within 
me. Exhausted, he rolled off me onto his back. I gently bent down and licked 
our mingled spendings from his cock. We fell asleep together on the floor. 
My last waking though was how I would fuck my son in the morning. Did I 
dream that night? Who needs dreams!
