***************************************************
*                                                 *
*        The MIGHTY MORPHIN POWER RANGERS!        *
*                        in                       *
*         "Pink Ranger vs. The Dominator"         *
*                                                 *
***************************************************


Part One:

    It was a normal day in Angel Grove and Kimberly, 
the Pink Power Ranger, was enjoying a peaceful 
afternoon alone in her back yard.  The afternoon sun 
reflected off the clean, cool, aqua waters of the 
nearby swimming pool and the cool breeze wafted over 
her like a soft breath.  Her tawny body glistened 
with perspiration.   Soon she would have to take 
another plunge to cool off, but for now she was just 
enjoying the sun.
    The only thing that kept it from being a totally 
excellent day was the road work being done out in 
front of her house.  Even in back of her house the 
noise from the machinery and the acrid smell of tar 
was getting on her nerves.
    Sitting by the pool, she carefully brushed the 
bright pink nail polish on each of her perfect toes.  
She had a date tonight with Tommy, the White Ranger, 
and wanted everything to be perfect.  She had been 
dating him for a couple of months and although they 
really seemed to hit it off, she could never get him 
hot enough to jump her.  
    Her mind drifted back to the battle last 
week when they had beaten Zed's Giant Pansy monster.  
Tommy had fought bravely and well, as usual, and this 
always made her want him even more.  Afterwards, when 
the two of them were alone, they were joking about the 
it.
    "...Yea," Tommy laughed, "that 'pansy' was no match 
for a big, strong, macho guy like me!"
    "I dunno," Kimberly said quietly, "...I have a few 
moves that would have distracted him and beaten him 
pretty well..."
    "What were you going to," Tommy laughed in return, 
"show him you're titties?!"
    Kimberly had blushed when, indeed, that was one of 
the moves she had fantasized about.  A closet 
exhibitionist and Dominatrix, she turned a deep shade 
of red as she feared he might guess her secret.  Tommy 
picked up on her embarrassment and prodded some more.
    "You were!  You wanted to show him your 
titties?!?!  Oh, man!"
    She had wanted to show Tommy a few other moves 
right then and there, but out of sheer embarassment she
held back.  Finally she blurted out: 
    "I *hate* it when you call them titties!"
    After a short pause, as they both stared into each 
others eyes, each wanting to say something, they broke 
into nervous laughter and in returned to their usual 
pal-like hugging.
    Snapping back to reality, she found that she had 
inadvertently painted her whole toe pink.  
    "Like, I'm so horny... I could just... like... 
explode!" she said out loud, hurling the bottle of 
Passion Pink across the pool.  


***************************************************

    Meanwhile, in Lord Zed's Dimension of Despair:

    "IDIOTS!  Why can't any of our plans ever separate 
and defeat the Power Rangers?!" he screamed.  He let 
the question hang out there like bait, waiting for 
some fool to answer.
    "WELL?!" he bellowed again.  "ANYONE?!"  
    "I have an idea." came a quiet voice from the 
crowd.
    The crowd erupted in a quiet murmur.  No one dared 
answer Lord Zed when he was in one of these moods.
    "Who DARES to speak?!" cried Zed, as the crowd 
parted to reveal a gorgeous, leather-clad female, who 
slowly and confidently made her way through the horde 
of dumbfounded putties.
    She was tall and muscular, yet exquisitely 
feminine.   Her black stocking-clad legs were strong, 
yet incredibly long and shapely.  She wore a black 
leather teddy that was cut very low, just barely 
containing her ample breasts.  Around her neck was a 
large spiked collar.  Her dark hair was pulled back 
behind her ears then fell free around her shoulders, 
framing her strikingly, beautiful face.  But it was 
not the face of an angel.  Her makeup was severe, yet 
incredibly sexy.  Her full lips glistened in the soft 
light almost as much as her long fingernails or the 
many chains that adorned her outrageous outfit.
    An unfortunate putty who was slow getting out of 
her way, shrieked in agony as one of her five-inch 
stiletto heels impaled his hand.  She paused, smiled, 
dug it in a bit, then continued on her way.
    Zed watched spellbound as this woman approached 
and stood before him, putting her hands on her hips 
confidently.
    "Speak!  What is this new idea?"  Lord Zed asked.
    "Over the course of the past 10,000 years, Rita 
and I came up with many clever and rather... 
unorthodox... methods of capture and restraint.  
Methods she never wished to share with anyone but 
herself. But now that she's out of the picture..." she 
said as she kicked the groin of another poor putty who 
had been caught drooling a little too close to her 
curvaceous rear, "...there are a few things I'd like 
to show our pretty little pink friend!"
    Lord Zed roared with delight! "If you can separate 
the Pink Ranger from the others, they can't morph into 
the Megazoid (tm) and victory will be mine!  But what 
of the powerful White Ranger?" he asked skeptically.
    "Leave that to me..." purred the visitor.
    "What is your name, my new friend?" asked the Dark 
Lord.
    "I am Mistress D, one of Rita's ... shall we say, 
lesser seen friends."
    Lord Zed knew that Rita had a side that the Power 
Rangers had never seen... one so dark and kinky that 
she had wanted to keep it all to herself and even 
Lord Zed was appalled at some of the acts that were 
rumored to have taken place eons ago.  So this was the 
famous Mistress D.
    "...but you can call me 'The Dominator'!" 

***************************************************

    Kimberly checked her nails: they were finally dry 
and she'd had enough sun for one day.  Wearing that 
stupid helmet not only matted her hair like crazy, but 
it also shielded her from radiation... including the 
sun, so her bitchin' tan had started to fade.
    She re-tied the strings of her pink string bikini 
top over her tan, lineless skin.  It fit so well over  
her 19 year old body and she couldn't resist giving it 
a little wiggle, shaking the breasts that her uniform 
hid so well.  
    "Like, I bet I could really distract Zed with 
these!"  she thought with a smile.  She had always had 
this little fantasy of bareing her naked breasts 
during battle.  The thought of Zed or one of his 
henchmen dropping their swords and jaws really turned 
her on!  Now if Tommy would just do the same!  She 
began to imagine fighting topless, just her spandex 
pink tights ...  and no helmet!  She felt herself 
getting wet at the thought.
    Suddenly five Putties materialized around her!  
Shocked but not surprised, she reached for the Power 
Ranger Signal Watch, which she had taken off to avoid 
a tan line around her dainty wrist.  As her fingers 
were about to grab it, it was snapped away by a black 
leather whip.
   "No, I think I would prefer we were left alone for 
now...  And I like this new outfit of yours, MUCH 
better, Pink Ranger!" purred Mistress D.  Kimberly 
stared in disbelief at the 6' 2" muscular woman in 
front of her.  
    "Who or *what* are you?" she asked, with a bit of 
awe in her voice.
     "I am The Dominator, and I'd like to take you 
back to my place for a little fun!  Get her, Putties!"
    The Putties attacked and Kimberly assumed her 
usual defense position.  Being a gymnast, her agile 
body easily kicked and gyrated, sending the Putties 
flying in all directions.  Mistress D. was not pleased.
    "Your luscious little body is very quick, little 
pink one.  But we'll soon slow it down..." she said as 
she took out a strange and colorful device.  
    "Throw her into the pool!" she shouted to the 
Putties, who had resumed their attack.
    They coordinated their second attack, and in the 
melee, one was able to grab her from behind as she 
kicked another in the chest, sending him flying into 
the pool.  She pushed the clenched Putty's hands down, 
sliding free of his grasp, but in the process loosing 
her bikini top.  A wave of adrenaline washed through 
her as she felt her breasts swing freely.  She looked 
at Mistress D. and saw her smile.  Kimberly decided 
that this time, she would go for it!  In one wide kick 
she sent the astounded putties flying!
    Kimberly stopped and put her hands on her hips.  
Defiantly pushing out her breasts in victory.
    "A little dip in the pool would have suited me 
just fine!  I like getting all... wet...but maybe it's 
*you* who needs to cool down." she said, licking her 
lips tauntingly.
    Now it was Mistress D's turn to get a rush.
    "Well, my little pink vixen.  You are certainly 
more than I expected.   And cute too.  I was so 
looking forward to introducing your lovely body to new 
heights agony.... and ecstasy.... the like of 
which...."  Mistress D. said, distracting Kimberly, 
while a recovering putty crept up behind her.  "...But 
now all is lost.  My poor feeble plans are certainly 
no match for you."  She said, mockingly.  Seeing that 
everyone was in position, she then shouted "NOW!" 
    A Putty who was behind Kimberly and in no position 
to be mesmerized by her incredible morphin-boobs 
attacked, and with one kick sent her reeling toward 
the pool.  
    As she staggered backwards, off balance from the 
blow, Mistress D. pointed one end of the strange 
device at the pool and the other end at the large 
tanker truck in the street.  In a flash the puzzled 
road crew found the truck spraying sparkling, 
chlorinated water onto the street.  At the same 
instant, Kimberly fell into her pool.  Expecting to 
plunge beneath the cool water's surface, she was 
planning her next move, only to have her gorgeous rear 
end land with a thick splat into a thick, sticky, 
black pool of tar.  The force of her fall buried most 
of her rear end and half of her back into the tar.  
She immediately tried to right herself by kicking her 
legs skyward,  trying to lift her back out of the 
warm, sticky black syrup.  But her struggles to get 
free only caused her rear to slide deeper into the 
slime, the backs of her thighs slowly oozing into the 
shiny black surface.  She saw the helpless Putty who 
was also in the pool, trapped up to his neck in tar.  
   "Gee, it looks like you need to call the pool man!"  
Mistress D. chided as Kimberly's nearly naked body 
slowly sunk into the tar.  
    "nh!... you...nnh!... just wait..."  Kimberly 
grunted.  She suddenly realizing that her struggles 
were only causing her to sink deeper.  She stopped 
struggling and  looked down frightfully at the tar 
around her, then pushed down on the placid surface of 
the tar with her hands, trying to force herself up.  
Unfortunately, instead of supporting her hands, the 
surface of the tar yielded willingly, and her hands 
disappeared beneath the surface. She immediately tried 
to pull them free, but it was too late;  The tar had 
them in it warm, sticky embrace, and as she tried to 
pull them out she only succeeded in pulling herself 
in deeper.   Tar oozed over her flat stomach and up 
to her breasts.   
    "Eeeewwww! Like, you totally ruined my nails!  And 
after I just did them!!!" she whined, as her toes 
submerged.  She struggled and strained again, 
but found that even with her exceptionally strong, fit 
body, the glue-like tar held her fast.  
    "Oh, this is delicious!" Mistress D. cooed.  "My 
precious, pink, princess, stuck in a pool of sticky 
goo....Does it get any better than this?" she laughed.
    Kimberly's knees disappeared under the ripple-free 
surface as she struggled to free herself.  It was a 
losing battle.  The tar allowed her in, but wouldn't 
let her out.  And it was getting harder and harder to 
move. She felt that the tar was cooling off and in 
doing so, was thickening.  She could barely move her 
legs now; those same lean, toned legs that had sent 
the putties skyward, now moved as if in slow motion.  
She tried to wiggle her toes and found that she could 
hardly even do that.  
    "Help!" she cried, panicking as she sank to her 
shoulders, "I'll drown in this goo!"
    "Now where would be the fun in that?" Mistress D. 
purred, as she walked up to the edge of the pool.  
Kimberly had sunk so that only her head and neck 
remained above the surface.  "I wouldn't worry to 
much.  The tar's probably getting cool by now."
    Mistress D. was right.  The tar had cooled to the 
point that she no longer sank... unless she tired to 
pull free her mired hands.  An idea she briefly tried, 
but quickly abandoned, as she sank to her chin.
    "Aggk.... help..." she cried, struggling to keep 
her chin above the surface by pushing her hands back 
down but to no avail.  Now the relentless tar had her 
even more in it's clutches, and she was tiring.
    "Aw... can't get those pretty little hands free to 
strike, can you?"  taunted Mistress D, moving within 
inches of Kimberly's lips.  Kimberly gulped as she 
realized that she was completely helpless before this 
towering woman, able to move ever so slightly, but 
nevertheless, completely trapped.  She trembled  partly 
in fear, partly in... 
    ...a rush darted from her chest to her crotch...  
    Exhausted from the fight and struggling in the 
tar, she relaxed as much as the tar would allow.  
    Pulling out a large, strange cloth from her bag, 
Mistress D. commanded the Putties to extract the limp, 
helpless fly from it's sticky trap.  Kimberly feebly 
tried to fight back, but the combination of exhaustion 
and the thick, heavy tar's resistance made it useless.  
After tearing off the tiny bikini bottom, they threw 
her onto the spread out special tear-resistant cloth.  
    "Wrap her Up!" commanded the victorious Madame.
    Wrapping her in tightly, the tar glued her solidly 
in place.  There was no way she could move or ever 
hope to free herself, even if she was fully rested.  
Mistress D. looked down at her for a moment almost 
with pity.  Then she smiled and said "Get some rest, 
deary, you'll need it!" And with one swift kick of her 
foot knocked Kimberly unconscious.
    "Back to the Playroom!"  Mistress D. shouted in 
triumph, placing one shiny, black stiletto booted foot 
on the helpless bundle before her and dropping her 
"calling card" for the White Ranger, as the teleporter 
zapped them away.


Part Two: 
Back at Morphin Headquarters...

    "Ey-yi-yi-yi-yi!"  babbled Alpha as Zordon looked 
sternly down at the frantic robot.  "Two hours after
the surge in the time-space shift and still no answer 
from Kimberly!"
    "This is a grave and serious situation, Power 
Rangers," said the giant shifting face of Zordon.  
    "This isn't like her." shouted Jason, alias the 
Red Ranger in his usual strong but dumb manner.  Let's 
go check it out!"
    "....like I suggested an hour ago... but, noooo... 
geeez!" muttered Billy under his breath  Being the 
brainy but dorky Blue Ranger, he was often ignored.
    "IT'S MORPHIN TIME!" they shouted and began the 
same transitional sequence into the Power Rangers that 
they did every time... "...almost like the same 
footage was playing over and over and over again..." 
thought Billy.

    As they materialized in Kimberly's back yard, they 
began to look around.  Seeing the black tar pool with 
a discarded and still solidly trapped Putty, they 
began searching for clues.  Although Zed was cruel, he 
never left a Putty behind.  From this they assumed 
that the Pink Ranger must have won and left.  They 
quickly found Kimberly's clean pink bikini top, it's 
color positively identifying its owner, and the 
sticky, black bikini bottom.  The White Ranger felt a 
wave of panic as her feared his date was not going to 
go as planned. Then he noticed a black scrap on the 
ground at his feet.  He felt a surge in his Power 
Sword as he picked up the black leather panties and 
with a quick sniff, his Power Sword sprung to full 
power.
    "Good thing this uniform has a reinforced crotch" 
he thought, glancing about to see if the other Rangers 
noticed his sudden bulge.  Turning and performing a 
quick equipment adjustment, he was about to show the 
panties to the others when he saw the tiny note...
    "Meet me at 9:00 tonight at the monkey bars at 
Angel Grove Park Playground, my great White Ranger."  
It was signed with a red, wet lipstick-kiss.  
    "I gotta let out the crotch of this suit..." he 
painfully thought as he quietly slipped the items into 
his pocket.  
    "It looks like she kicked some Putty-butt" he 
said.  "Maybe we should go back to Headquarters and 
try a computer search.  She's probably just shopping."
    "Here's her watch!"  shouted the Yellow Ranger.  
"She can be such an air-head at times!"  
    Tommy took the watch.  "I'll give it to her 
tonight.  We..." remembering the panties and the note, 
" ...have a date."

    Later that night, Tommy wandered through the Park.  
It was well lit as he walked down the sidewalk, and as 
was most of Angel Grove, spotless.  As he approached 
the playground, he noticed that the lights were out.  
There was a half moon and in the dimly lit, cool 
night-air he stopped and listened.  Silence.
    "Kim!" he called.  Nothing.  As he walked up to 
the money bars, he couldn't resist jumping up in a 
Ranger leap and swinging around the bars.  He had 
played here as a child, and perhaps it was here that 
he first developed his Morphin Power Ranger fighting 
skills.  Kimberly knew he loved this place, and he 
assumed that was why she told him to meet her here.  
As he landed solidly on the ground in the center, he 
noticed a shapely female figure approaching.  
    "Kim?" he called, but as she came within sight in 
the dim light he saw that she was too tall to be Kim.
    "Who are you?" he asked.
    The woman purred.  "Now what would a big fellow 
like you want with a tiny little girl like her?"
    Tommy shouted, "Listen, if she's hurt in any way, 
I'll..."
    "You'll what?" the woman asked, leaning into the 
monkey bars and placing the working end of a riding 
crop under his chin.  Tommy flushed for a second, his 
most secret fantasy in danger of being revealed.
    "Look, I don't want to hurt you, but..." he began.
    "Oh, you won't..." she interrupted confidently, 
"but as for me..." she turned and started to walk away 
with an evil grin, "...I'll make no such promise!"
    "All right, you asked for it!" Tommy said as he 
stepped to follow her out of the monkey bars.  She 
quietly pressed a button on a strange and colorful 
device on her hip.  Suddenly what looked like 
streamers flew out of each joint of the money bars.  
    "What the...?"!" Tommy shouted as almost instantly 
he was engulfed in a flurry of bands that wrapped 
tightly around his entire body.  Within seconds he was 
trussed like a thanksgiving turkey.
    "Mmph, mmhhph!" he shouted through the bands that 
mummified his head.  He could breath, but the bands 
were made of some kind of cloth that, although it 
allowed air to pass through, wouldn't tear despite his 
formidable strength.  He tried to move again, and 
found that now the bands were solidly bonded together.  
He faintly smelled acetate...
    "It's amazing how combining my special super cloth 
with your Earth's "super glue" can make an instant 
bondage device!"  she gloated.  "Back in Rita's cave, 
it would have taken me hours to wrap her this 
solidly!"  She pulled out another strange and colorful 
device.  Tommy thought he had seen something like it 
at a Toy Store, or else it looked like something that 
might soon be on the shelves...
    "It took me 500 years to develop a device that 
could actually cut this fabric." she said as she cut 
her way through to Tommy's suspended body.  "Rita 
tried to buy it many times, but I decided it would be 
wise to keep the only one!"
    Tommy struggled with all of his might, but 
couldn't budge a muscle.  The super glue had bonded 
the cloth to his skin, and his fingers together so 
tightly that he couldn't reach his Mighty Morphin 
Power Watch or Kimberly's watch in his pocket.  
Despite his minds better judgment, he looked up into 
the gleaming eyes of his captress, and she responded 
by giving him a long, wet kiss.  His ultimate fantasy 
was almost coming true, and he wished the bands hadn't 
wrapped his ample portions so tightly, and he tried in 
vain not to succumb to his urges.
    She smiled.  "Good... you'll do very nicely." she 
said as she ran her fingers over his swelling groin.  
Taking a black, form-fitting blindfold from one of her 
many but tiny zippered pockets, she placed it on the 
helpless man in front of her.  With a final swipe, she 
cut the last supporting bands with the special device 
and Tommy's helplessly wrapped body fell with a thud.  
    "This was too easy... I'll have to punish you for 
this..." were the last words he heard before he felt 
the swirl of the teleporter taking him to someplace he 
both feared and longed for.

***************************************************
At Mistress D.'s "Playroom"

    Back at the "Playroom" as Mistress D. called it, 
Kimberly awoke and opened her eyes.   Slowly, she was 
able to regain feeling in her arms, which she 
discovered were tied firmly behind her back.  She 
could feel an elaborate system of ropes winding from 
arm to arm, across her naked body, criss-crossing 
between her breasts... she struggled a bit and quickly 
found that she had been securely and professionally 
tied.  Her legs were slightly separated and were tied 
securely to a metal framework that followed the backs 
of her legs from heel to mid back, where her wrists 
were fastened.  She looked down and saw a series of 
wires attached to her now clean toes, and also to 
other parts of her body.  She noticed that the tar had 
been completely cleaned away, and her body felt 
lotioned, smooth and actually, quite wonderful, 
considering the situation she was in.
    "Kim!" 
    She looked across the room to where she heard the 
weak, muffled voice and saw Tommy, still mummified but 
now only to his neck with wires running from 
underneath to a nearby strange and colorful machine.  
His head was free, but he was gagged with a small 
cloth.  Then she noticed that one other part of his 
body had been cut free... and it was as large and 
impressive as she'd always imagined!
    "Tommy!" she shouted, then looking down at her 
naked body stretched out for all to see, blushed.  
"How long have you been here?"
    "ahbaht hoo hourth" he tried to say.
    "About two hours?" she answered, and she realized 
that by the swelling of his second head, he had a 
clear view of her for quite a while.  She got a small 
rush seeing him trussed like this... if only it was in 
private at home...
    "Well, we're all awake!" came Mistress D.'s silky 
voice as she entered the room.  She was wearing a 
black leather bra held on with delicate but strong 
chains, Black leather panties with silver snaps that 
Tommy instantly recognized, garters and fishnet 
stockings, and her trademark 5" black stilettos.  
Beside her on each side walked two women with skimpy 
spandex unitards, and dog-collars.  They had a 
fearful, obedient look in their eyes.
    Kimberly flushed with anger as Mistress D. walked 
up to Tommy and gave him a long, lingering kiss, full 
of tongue.
    "Oh, don't be jealous, deary, You'll get your fill 
of him later!" she said to Kimberly.  "But only after *I'm* 
thoroughly satisfied...   and it will take both of you 
working very hard to do that!"
    She walked up to Kimberly's helpless body.
    Pressing a button on the control pad on her hip, 
she commanded: "Kneel."  The metal supports tied to 
Kimberly's legs sprang to life and she felt her body 
forced into a kneeling position directly in front of 
the towering figure.  No amount of resistance would 
even slow the powerful mechanical system.
    "Kiss my hand." she coolly ordered.  Kimberly 
responded by spitting on her extended hand.
    "Well, I can see you need a little training." 
Mistress D. said as she pressed a second button on her 
pad.  Waves of painfully searing electricity passed 
through Kimberly's body for a second.  
    "That was setting number one." she said calmly, 
adding, "It goes up to fifteen..."
    "Let's try again." She extended her hand again to 
Kimberly, but the courageous young woman again 
refused.
    "I see.  Maybe the treatment is misdirected."  she 
pushed a third button and Tommy's bound body jerked in 
agony.
    "Stop!" screamed Kimberly.  "O.K., O.K.!  I'll be 
good."  she said quietly.  Mistress D. smiled.
    "Better.  Now let's have some fun..."

***************************************************

     "Ey-yi-yi-yi-yi!"  babbled Alpha as Zordon looked 
sternly down at the frantic robot.  "Neither Kimberly 
nor Tommy answers now!"
    "This is a grave and serious situation, Power 
Rangers," said the giant shifting face of Zordon.  
"Sensors indicate that Lord Zed is preparing for an 
attack, and without the Pink and White Ranger, Earth 
will be powerless to stop him."
    Zak, the Black Ranger, muttered under his breath, 
"...fine time for them to get busy!  while we're goin' 
down, so will she!"  Jason heard this and cuffed him 
solidly on the back of his head.  
    "Shut up!" 
    Billy just shook his head.  He never got any... 
it's always "White Ranger" this and "White Ranger" 
that... the girls go for "White Ranger" ... Billy 
cursed quietly.
***************************************************

    Back at Mistress D.'s Playroom, Kimberly had been 
introduced to all kinds of strange and colorful 
devices she had never imagined, nor ever expected to 
see at Toys 'R' Us.  She discovered that her robot 
rack moved through the air via a long mechanical arm, 
so that she could be placed anywhere in the room, in 
any position... many of which she had never even 
thought possible as a gymnast.  The first toy she was 
introduced to was a long, strange and colorful device 
that was inserted into her vagina and strapped on like 
a belt.  Wires ran from it to a very large, very 
strange and very colorful device in the center of the 
room, as did all of the wires attached to both herself 
and Tommy.  
    "This device," Mistress D. explained, "is a 
vibrator of a very special sort... It takes feedback 
from the sensors attached to your toes (did you know 
that's where sexual arousal is most easily sensed?) 
and adjusts itself automatically so that you will be 
forced to the brink of orgasm... but not beyond!  It's 
so much more effective than simple timing devices!"
    The instant it was turned on, Kimberly fought to 
resist its changing vibrations.  However, the instant 
it hit a frequency and pattern that caused her to 
respond, it locked on to that and amplified the 
pattern, sending her involuntarily up a rapid and 
incredible climax.  It slowed as she approached 
orgasm, fading back down.  Mistress D. frowned.
    "You have a much higher peak to your climax-
curve..." she said adjusting some of the knobs.  "but 
we'll take care of that!"
    The next wave brought Kimberly even higher, but 
still not to her peak.
    "Hmmm... Deary, you are incredible!  I'll need to 
set it on the highest setting!" she said turning the 
knob completely to the right.
    This time the climax was relentless and pushed 
Kimberly beyond anything she'd ever dreamed of... she 
found herself unable to focus and every muscle in her 
body strained and pulled for release... "Tommy... 
Tommy..." was all she was able to say, although she 
wouldn't remember it later... just as she was 
peaking... it was oh so close... just a second lo-
    Mistress D. inched the knob back ever so slightly, 
and the climax subsided.
    "NOOOOOOOOOO!" moaned Kimberly, her body aching 
and longing for the stolen release.  Mistress D.'s 
full red lips widened to a broad, evil smile.
    "Perfect!  This is the ideal setting!  You will be 
allowed back down to a moderate level of 
stimulation... but never completely!  Then it's back 
up again... until *I* press this button," she said 
pointing to the large red button at the top of the 
device.  "Which I'll do... when you are in a 
sufficiently ... desperate... state!"
    Kimberly watched in horror as Mistress D. smiled 
and walked over to Tommy.  Kimberly was able to see 
her begin to lick his erect cock when the irresistible 
device started her back up the mountain again... 
unable to focus, the intensity was overwhelming, but 
ever so precisely controlled.  Kimberly tried holding 
back then gyrating her hips in vain attempts to push 
herself over to full release, but the machine was too 
precise and thwarted her every effort.  Images of her 
and Tommy in many kinky situations floated through her 
head... if only he would be there for real...
    Meanwhile, Mistress D. had Tommy's full attention.  
Electro shocks were administered for "bad behavior," 
which Tommy soon discovered had a very broad 
definition.  She extended a long, stocking-clad foot 
to his lips.
    "Kiss it." she commanded.
    Tommy shook his head and a jolt of current zapped 
through the electrodes.  Mistress D. watched as his 
body jerked violently, and then in amazement as his 
cock stiffened even more!
    "So!  You enjoy this!" she purred, his secret 
exposed.  "Wonderful!  This is better than I could 
have ever hoped for!" she said licking his face.  He 
squirmed and struggled.  "Yes!  Struggle!  You *might* 
get free!  Go ahead!, try!" she encouraged mockingly 
as he struggled.  She knew for certain that if it 
could hold Rita, who with all of her magical powers 
once couldn't get free for 11 years, it would hold 
*anyone*.  Watching Tommy's muscles strain under the 
cloths and seeing him grow harder and longer, she 
found herself growing wetter and wetter... 
    "You're making a *big* mistake getting me this 
horny!  Over the past few thousand years I've 
developed a lot of stamina..."  she warned.  
    She walked over to the large, central machine and 
picked up what looked like a strange and colorful condom 
with wires attached between it and the large machine 
Kimberly was connected to.  
    "Since dear little Kimberly got a nice toy, I 
think you need to get one too!"
    Slipping the pre-lubricated sheath onto him, he 
felt that, as with Kimberly, it changed until it found 
the perfect sensation... 
    Mistress D.'s striking but evil face disappeared 
and he smelled the familiar scent of her "calling 
card" found by the pool.
    "My last slave took 3 hours to bring me to a full 
climax this way," she said moving her dripping wet 
lower lips closer.  "*When* I cum, I'll let you cum as 
well... but not a moment before!  Understand?"
    Tommy felt the agony of a second unreleased climax 
and knew that if it was this bad after only five 
minutes, he had no hope of disobeying Mistress D. for 
3 hours.  Obediently, his tongue and lips went to 
work...
    For the next while, neither Kimberly nor 
Tommy could keep track of time... Mistress D.'s 
fiendish machines kept them in a dizzying state of 
near-bliss: the greatest state of agony they had ever 
known.
    Kimberly was able to catch jealous glimpses of the 
writhing figure astride Tommy but after a while she 
desperately hoped Tommy would satisfy his captress so 
that *she* could get to satisfy her... and just 
possibly be allowed to finally cum!  Her muscles ached 
from the relentless roller coaster ride she was on, 
and despite her Mighty Morphin will power, she found 
that she would be willing to do *anything* to gain sexual 
release!
    Finally, through the waves of hyper-arousal, she 
heard Mistress D.'s loud moan begin, signaling her 
possible upcoming release.  After what seemed like an 
eternity, the moan subsided and within minutes, the 
device within her stilled.
    Her eyes somewhat glazed, she looked over at 
Tommy's twitching body... his face and head was 
completely covered in a shiny, wet, slippery coating, 
and Kimberly could see by the tortured expression on 
his face that she hadn't allowed him to cum, but that 
she had mercifully turned down the machine.
    A hand turned her dangling head sharply around.
    "Two hours and thirteen minutes... a new record!" 
said the face in front of her.  As she felt the robot 
arm move her twitching body into position she heard 
the voice say: "Too bad for you, it always takes 
longer for me the second time!"

***************************************************
Back at Morphin Headquarters...

    "Ey-yi-yi-yi-yi!"  babbled Alpha as Zordon looked 
sternly down at the frantic robot.  "Lord Zed's troops 
are on their way and still no answer from Tommy or 
Kimberly!"
    "This is a grave and serious situation, Power 
Rangers," said the giant shifting face of Zordon.  
"Without the Pink and White Ranger, Earth will be 
powerless to stop Lord Zed's Troops."
    "We gotta do something!"  shouted the Black 
Ranger.  
    "I still say we should check Tommy's room for any 
clues."  repeated the Blue Ranger.
    "Let's check Tommy's room for clues." said the Red 
Ranger.
    "Good idea, Red Ranger!"  complimented Zordon, as 
the Blue Ranger spat angrily inside his helmet, splattering 
his glasses and blurring his vision.
    "Damn!" he said as the teleporter beamed them to 
Tommy's Apartment.


Part 3:

    Kimberly awoke and shook her head.  Unknown hours 
had passed and she tried to remember what had 
happened... was it a bad or a good dream?!  She found 
herself untied but lying on her back on a cold, 
leather covered table.  She tried to move but discovered 
that her wrists and ankles were firmly shackled.  
Across from her Tommy looked at her from his similar 
predicament.
    "Hey, baby.  You o.k.?" he asked quietly.  The 
gentle, loving sound of his voice gave her renewed 
strength.
    "Yea, but this has turned out to be a really 
freaky battle!" she confided.  "I mean, like, it's 
like getting to go to the mall, and like everything is 
on, like a really huge sale, but, like you can't 
actually BUY anything!"  she babbled.
    Tommy smiled.  Yep.  Kimberly was o.k.  Although 
he loved her sweet, innocent mannerisms, he secretly 
wished he could merge a little of Mistress D. into 
her... just like he had fantasized about in his diary.
    The door unlocked and swung open.  Mistress D. and 
her two slaves entered the room.  
    "Awake?  Very good.  Lord Zed has informed me that 
soon his troops will land and take over the Earth."  
With a look of anger, she added, "He has ordered me to 
eliminate the two of you.  Pity.  You are two of the 
best slaves I've ever owned..."
    "Then why just leave us strapped here?  Why not 
get on with it?"  Kimberly shouted defiantly.
    "Because I wanted a little souvenir of our time 
together.  You see, I get into all kinds of sexual 
experiences, and since humans don't live forever," she 
said pressing another button on her hip pad, 
"voyeurism is about the only way to keep enjoying 
you!"
    At this, four huge robot arms with video cameras 
moved overhead and into position.
    "You're still connected to my sexual arousal 
monitor, and after our little sessions, it is 
perfectly calibrated to your individual responses.  
Once the machine detects sexual arousal, it will 
activate this new toy," she said pointing to the 
absolutely strangest, but not very colorful, device 
outside the room.
    "Once activated, any decrease in arousal will 
result in a lethal electrical charge to the other 
person!  Also, removing any wire or sensor also will 
do the same, so don't even try."  Kimberly and Tommy 
gulped and looked at each other.
    "The power of the charge is directly related to 
the intensity of your sexual responses.  You see, it 
amplifies your sexual energy and stores it in a cell, 
then after climax, when you can't sustain orgasm any 
longer, it takes the stored up power and feeds it back 
into your bodies at a hundred times the strength!  If 
you foolishly try to stop early, ...say before you 
climax... the resulting death will be slow and most 
painful.  But if you enjoy yourselves fully, the 
increased power levels will provide a quick and 
instant death.  Besides, I am being merciful in 
granting you both your final gift of a sexual 
experience together, and will enjoy the tape for 
thousands of years to come!"
    Kimberly whimpered softly as she faced her 
impending death.  Tommy's eyes grew thoughtful.
    "Since we're going to die either way, can I make a 
request?" he asked.
    Mistress D.'s eyes widened with joy.
    "Certainly!  As long as it turns me on as well..."
    Kimberly stared with horror at Tommy, who subtly 
smiled and winked.  What was he up to?"

***************************************************

    Back in Tommy's apartment the Power Rangers were 
shocked to find hundreds of Bondage and S & M catalogs 
and magazines strewn throughout his bedroom.
    "Who would have ever thought.." mussed the Yellow 
Ranger, as she picked up a small black notebook.
    As she opened it, she called "Hey!  Here's his diary!" 
    As the other Power Rangers gathered around, the 
Red Ranger whistled with awe as they read the vivid 
description of Tommy, Kimberly, her wild outfit and 
the various apprentice and positions employed.  Below 
this was written: "The Ultimate Fantasy." 

***************************************************

    As Mistress D. enthusiastically left to get the 
items Tommy had whispered in her ear, Kimberly 
frantically whispered to Tommy.
    "What are you doing?!  She's trying to kill us!"
    "Listen," Tommy explained, "judging from the size 
of that new device, it must have a limited power 
storage cell.  Our only hope is to try to overload it, 
so it will blow up and allow us to break free!"
    Kimberly thought for a moment.  "How can we 
overload it?"
    "I've been thinking.  So far she's calibrated our 
settings based on our responses to her under her own 
fantasies... With her ego, she probably assumes that 
that would be *our* greatest experience too.  So, I 
figure, if we can somehow combine our fantasies, this 
along with the penned up energy from the past 
whatever-hours she's put us through might be enough to 
overload the storage cell..."
    "...and cause it to self-destruct!" Kimberly 
finished, somewhat proud that she figured it out all 
on her own.  "But how do you know what my fantasy is?" 
she asked.
    "After that Pansy Monster incident, I *think* I 
have a pretty good idea!"  he said as Kimberly 
blushed.
    "But are you sure you can do it?... you know what 
I mean?  If I hold back it won't be as erotic.." he 
asked doubtfully.
    She smiled.  She had fought along side him and 
trained with him.  She knew his strengths and 
weaknesses.  "Oh, yes!" she said confidently, "I can 
handle it!"
    "O.K." he said.  "Let's do it!"
***************************************************

    Soon,  Mistress D.'s voice boomed from the loud-
speakers as she peered through the glass window at 
the two Power Rangers.  
    "Remember, any attempt at escape will result in my 
triggering the electroshocks... so don't even think 
about it!  You should have other things on your 
minds!"  she cackled.
    Tommy, in a White Ranger-like suit without the 
helmet, looked at Kimberly, bottom to top.  She was 
wearing a Pink Leather outfit even more outrageous 
than Mistress D. had worn when they first met.  She 
was wearing a pair of pink, patent leather shoes, with 
5 1/2" heels and little locking mechanisms, so they 
wouldn't fly off no matter what.  This also kept the 
electrode wire firmly in place so she knew she 
wouldn't accidentally pull one loose.  Above this she 
wore a pair of silky, pink stockings with seams that 
ended in little bows behind her ankles.  These went up 
to the solid chains and garters which tightly clung to 
her muscular thighs.  Continuing upward, he licked his 
lips in anticipation as he gazed at her incredibly 
tight, shiny leather panties and pink boustier with 
shiny sliver snaps and matching, patent gloves.  And 
to finish it all off she wore a collar with a series 
of tiny straps that held the top in place. He whistled 
in appreciation.
    Kimberly smiled.  This might just work after 
all... and if not, what a way to go!
    "Just to get things started, I've placed a little 
something in your suits to trigger the device." she 
said.  Then pushing a green button on her hip pad, she 
announced "Let the games begin!"
    Tommy and Kimberly felt a familiar vibrating 
sensation in each of their private parts followed by 
an involuntary rush of excitement.  This continued to 
build for a few seconds until through the window, they 
saw a bright red light turn on.  They felt the devices 
stop vibrating.
    "O.K. The machine has detected sufficient sexual 
energy in each of you to kill the other... you're on 
your own now and there's no turning back!"  boomed 
Mistress D.'s voice.  Tommy and Kimberly looked at 
each other... 
    Hunger in his eyes, Tommy lurched for the Pink 
Mistress, who being the more agile, easily escaped his 
grasp.  
    "It's no use, Kim!  I'm bigger and stronger than 
you are!  You're mine!"  he cried.
    The Pink Mistress only laughed.  "Oh, poor little 
me!  It's too bad I'm just a helpless little female!"  
she said, her words dripping with sarcasm.
    "Then here I come!" he shouted and attacked again.  
Anticipating his standard and normally effective 
moves, she leapt skyward swinging one leg over his 
shoulders.  Her momentum carried her around him like a 
snake, wrapping her left leg under his left arm and 
around his back.  Her right leg flew around and he 
found himself suddenly flipping backwards from her 
unexpected maneuver.  He felt a rush of excitement as 
he felt Kimberly taking control.
    As he hit the floor, she easily spun around so 
that she had him pinned under her knees.  Pausing 
briefly, he looked up in surprise at the speed at 
which she could move, at her short but in this 
situation, towering figure, her heaving breasts, her 
wet, pussy... he smelled her scent and moaned.  But, 
not yet... not yet...
    Pushing up with his hands on her incredible rear, 
he sent her flying up and slid out from underneath.  
She landed easily on her feet a few yards in front of 
him.
    "Yes!" shouted Mistress D. from in the control 
room absolutely ecstatic over the action in the room 
in front of her.  
    "You'll have to do better than that!" challenged 
the White Ranger as The Pink Mistress circled him 
slowly.  Flipping backwards, she was able to land a 
glancing blow with her left heel directly on his chin.  
As she landed on her feet, she hesitated a moment.
    "Are you all right?" she asked somewhat timidly.
    "Yes... I *like* it!" he answered in a gravelly 
voice.  "Don't stop or we're dead!"
    Kimberly had forgotten that they were still hooked 
up to the dreadful machine.  The additional fear 
caused her adrenaline to flow and she attacked without 
holding back.
    The White Ranger sidestepped her attack and was 
able to catch the side of her red boustier.  It 
snapped open and hung uselessly around her neck, her 
breasts flying free.
    She looked at his with shock and excitement.
    "I can see your *TITTIES*!" he chided.
    Fire in her eyes, she came at him at a speed he 
didn't think possible.  He prepared himself 
instinctively for a high assault as before.  Instead, 
diving between his legs and holding on to his hips, 
she slung herself upside-down behind him, shoving her 
tiny, spike-heeled feet under his arms.  He jerked his 
arms up in pain, and her legs easily slipped through 
and locked into place.  A total reversal of last time, 
she pulled her legs down, flipping him backwards onto 
the leather table behind him, his shoulders pinned 
down beneath her creamy thighs.  She caught his legs 
quickly under her arms and sat up, trapping him in an 
awkward and helpless position.  As he squirmed and 
wiggled, he actually found himself unable to escape!  
She had actually caught him!
    One of Mistress D.'s slaves noticed the meter on 
the device reach its peak, and the red light briefly 
flash.  "Mistress," she began, "the battery is fully..."
    "Shut up, fool!" she commanded, enraptured in the 
scene before her.  Her slaves obediently kept their 
silence.
    Her crotch pressed against his chin,  the Pink 
Mistress smiled wickedly down at her prey.  
    "I'm *not* the whimpy little prissy you all think 
I am!  In fact, in all honesty, I have probably seen 
more bondage flicks than you'll ever hope to!" she 
announced as she rocked backwards, forcing his legs to 
the table.  With the skill of a pro she snapped his 
legs in the shackels, lying open exactly as she had 
placed them beforehand, unseen by Tommy.
    The weight temporarily off his chest, he started 
to sit up, but by this time she had already locked his 
feet down.  She threw her weight, little that it was, 
back on his chest with sufficient leverage to slam him 
back down flat on his back.  As she continued rolling 
forward, she grabbed his wrists and locked the second 
hidden set of shackles on, trapping his hands over his 
head.  She continued her graceful somersault off the 
table and walked up to her trapped prey as her fingers 
slowly outlined her hard, pointy nipples.
    "Yep.  Innocent little Pink Ranger..." she purred.  
"No match for a 'big, strong, macho guy' like you!"  She 
grabbed the top of his uniform and with one pull tore 
it from his helpless, struggling body. 
    The red light on the machine began to blink 
much faster.
    Now," she said as she leapt onto the table, 
standing full height over him, "I get *my* reward!"  
As he gulped, his ultimate fantasy being fulfilled as 
well as hers, she unsnapped her panties and let them 
drop over his face.
    As she descended on him, he felt a drop of her 
'excitement' on his nose and cried out "Oh... man!" as 
she covered his mouth and wiggled.  Eager to serve, 
and helpless to do otherwise, he licked and sucked 
with enthusiasm Mistress D. had not received.  
Kimberly rolled her eyes as the unresolved feelings 
and urges that had build up inside sprang to life.  
Her hands reached back, and finding his fully erect 
Power Sword, she gasped and stroked it in admiration.  
    "It wasn't that large for me..." grumbled Mistress 
D., as she caught herself actually drooling over the 
sight before her.  But she was oblivious to those 
around her... and the rapidly blinking red light on 
the machine behind her.
    Unable to resist any longer, The Pink Mistress 
shouted: "You've put me off long enough!  Now I'm 
going to screw you 'til your eyes bubble!"
    Pushing herself up in a handstand, just as Tommy 
had described in his diary, she towered upside-down in 
the air, hanging for a moment as only an exceptional 
gymnast as herself could, then flipping backwards, 
precisely sheathed the White Ranger's "sword' in her 
wet, pink scabbard.  Pumping in rapture, they began to 
complete the climb each had been denied for so long.
    The machine behind Mistress D. began to smoke.  
The red light exploded and a warning buzzer sounded.
    "Nooo!" shouted Mistress D.  "Turn it off!"  But 
sparks were flying from it so furiously that no one 
could get near it.
    "Kimmy!"  gasped The White Ranger.
    "Tommy!" gasped The Pink Mistress, as they heard 
the familiar theme song swell in their ears:
    "Go, Go, Power Rangers!!!!"
    At the moment they crossed over the peak, the 
machine exploded in a brilliant fireball, destroying 
everything outside of their Playroom, which had been 
fortified against escape, but which also resisted 
penetration from without.  Gasping in joy, their eyes 
locked they both came in unison with a passion that 
surprised each one.  
    In the afterglow of both their lovemaking and the 
explosion, Kimberly released Tommy from his 
restraints.  Curled up against his chest, she 
confided, "I always thought that you didn't find me 
attractive, and that it would be even worse if you 
knew how kinky I really was..." 
    "No!" Tommy responded sitting up on his elbows, "I 
was worried that you'd find *me* so weird that you'd 
never have anything to do with me!"
    They laughed.  In the silence that followed they 
stared across the room at their strange and colorful, 
blinking Power Ranger Signal Watches.  
    Without a word they looked at each other and 
smiling confidently, nodded, and after morphing 
into their real Power Ranger Uniforms, beamed off to
once again save the Earth.
