
                                   MOTEL3.TXT

         ษออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
         บ                                                              บ
         บ     W A R N I N G !!!  A D U L T  M A T E R I A L !!!        บ
         บ                                                              บ
         บ  The Following Text file is almost certainly a work of       บ
         บ  fiction, and the authors are expressing their first         บ
         บ  amendment rights.  The material is distributed as "For      บ
         บ  Adults Only" and possession by a minor is strictly          บ
         บ  forbidden.  If you are not legally empowered to be in       บ
         บ  possession of this material, do not read it and delete it   บ
         บ  immediately. All efforts have been made to keep this file   บ
         บ  from falling into the hands of those that are not supposed  บ
         บ  to be able to access it. However, once it leaves the hands  บ
         บ  of the distributing party (CD-ROM Sales, Bulletin Board,    บ
         บ  Etc.) there is no way to control it.                        บ
         บ                                                              บ
         บ  The author takes no responsiblity for this adult material,  บ
         บ  the legality of it, or the distribution of it.  If this is  บ
         บ  being offered for download on a BBS, the System Operator of บ
         บ  that board takes no responsibility in this regard.  These   บ
         บ  files are offered for adult amusement only.                 บ
         บ                                                              บ
         ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

First of all, thank you for all your encouragement for part 1 of this story.
Several people have asked if the story is true or fiction. The answer is, the
basis is true. My family did move, did run the motel and I did share a room
with my parents. A major part of each intimate moments my parents shared was
telling each other fantasy stories. Years later those stories are still vivid
in my mind and have provided fodder for these chapters. I have simply placed
myself in the middle of their fantasies. Did I ever have "real personal" fun at
the motel that summer? The answer is a resounding YES. When I write those
chapters, I will be sure to tell you. did my parents ever "really" live out
those fantasies? Again the answer is YES. I will point those points out as
well.

I hope you enjoy the story and the followup parts will be available soon.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Motel Slut
Part 3

While mom was cleaning the kitchen after dinner, dad and I went into the motel
office to watch television. He asked me if enjoyed myself at the pool today. I
told him yes and then confessed to about watching mom and him for the past few
weeks fucking in our shared room.

"Well I guess we need to move you to one of the motel rooms," dad said.

"God please don't dad. I love watching you two play around."

"Well maybe I don't like an audience son. Did you ever think of that."

Mom stuck her head through the kitchen door. She was still topless. "Fuck that
Joe. You love an audience. You always have. That's why you like fucking in
parks and drive-ins all the time. You love to be watched. Now, Joey isn't
moving out and we aren't going to stop fucking. Got that?"

Dad just looked up at mom and smiled, "Sounds good to me -- motel slut."

Mom smirked back, "Good, and don't you ever forget. I'm the BEST motel slut
you'll ever fuck." Then she ran back into the bedroom.

A few minutes later, mom came into the office. She had on a very short terry
cloth robe that buttoned up the front. She also had on the highest heeled shoes
I've ever seen. But, she didn't have on any thing else. Dad looked at her and
said, "Covers everything up dear, no sexy slutty outfit tonight?"

Mom just smiled and stood in front of him with her legs parted. Then she slowly
lifted the hem of the robe exposing her shaved pussy to dad -- inch by fucking
inch. Dad whistled and complimented her on such a smooth delicious looking
pussy. Mom reached down and ran her fingers into her wet cunt and then put the
slick coated digits in dad's sucking mouth. Dad licked all around her fingers.
"Nice desert," was all he said.

Mom sat down next to dad and he began making out with her like a teenage boy.
He stuck his hand in between the buttons of her robe and began to fondle mom's
big tits and continued to kiss her hard with his mouth and tongue.  Mom looked
up at the business man who was coming through the door. Dad was embarrassed and
quickly removed his hand from mom's tits and ran to the desk to register our
new guest.

During the week, we usually have to turn away traveling salesman like this. You
could tell he was tired. His white dress shirt was rolled up at the sleeves and
the top button was undone while his loose tie seemed to droop as much as he
did.  However, this week was the week before memorial day and many of the
construction workers took time off to be home. We had some spare rooms.

"Sorry about that," dad apologized to his new customer as he handed him a
registration card.

"No problem. I would be doing that too if I was home tonight. I'm glad you have
a room available."

"Yeah slow week," dad said still looking away from the guest out of
embarrassment.

"Do you have phones in the rooms?" the salesman asked. "I have to call my wife
and tell her I'm staying on the road tonight. Just too tired to go home."

"No we don't sorry. You can use this one on the desk, or we have several pay
phones on the wall outside this office for your use."

The guest looked over at mom who turned to face him. She put a knee up on the
couch and one foot on the floor causing the robe to crawl up her waist and
expose her pussy. She then reached down and unbuttoned two of the robes top
buttons and pulled it apart so he could get a glimpse of her tits. "The view
will be much better in here if you call her now from the desk phone," mom cooed
at our new customer.

"OK, let me have the phone, " he asked dad. Dad handed him the phone and he
dialed his number.

"Hi honey. I just needed to call you and tell you I'm too far away and too
tired to make it in tonight."

"I know, and I'm sorry. You're in bed already? --  yes --  and? --  uh uh  --
made you hot eh? --  how young is this new yard boy? 20!?! How do you know it
was that long? Through his shorts -- I see."

The guest was staring at mom. She was fingering her pussy. Two long fingers
sliding in and out while rubbing her clit. Every now and then she would play
with her tits. Teasing the new guest.

"So are you playing with yourself sweetheart?" the guest asked his wife. "Good,
is your pussy wet? Real wet? --  wonderful. Think about fucking the new yard
boy.  Feel his hard cock in your pussy. Wrapping your pussy around that big fat
cock. Feel him baby? --  Getting wetter?"

The guest was rubbing his dick through his pants and I noticed dad wasn't
around. Then I saw him come in from the back with mom's big dildo. He handed it
to her and smiled. Then he walked over to the guest and told him to take a seat
in the chair next to the desk. Then dad unzipped the man's pants and pulled his
hard cock out. He put the man's hand around his cock and told him to enjoy
himself. Then man immediately began jerking off in front of a family of total
strangers. But I guess if you were watching my mom play with herself, you would
too.  Dad closed the office blinds and flipped the "no vacancy" sign on.

"Honey, have you got your toy next to the bed?" our guest asked his wife. As he
watched mom slowly sink the dildo in her pussy, he told his wife to do the
same. "You're pinching your tits too? Pulling on em? Yes baby I know how much
you like your tits sucked. Just imagine me there sucking them while you're
fucking that yard boy." The guest kept staring at mom's smooth shaven snatch
and that long dildo fucking her. "Oh by the way honey," he started with his
wife, "I'm gonna shave your pussy when I get home tomorrow night?  Oh I don't
know, just `came' to me I guess. I want to see your pussy all shaven and
smooth." Mom just smiled her wicked smile and threw back her head putting on a
hell of a show.

"You're cumming baby? Oh me too honey." With those words, mom sprang from the
couch and crossed the room shedding her robe. She put her heeled foot on the
arm of the guest's chair and bent her pussy to just inched from his face. She
fucked herself so hard with the dildo, I could her the squashing of her juices
from where I was sitting. Mom was being the biggest slut I'd ever heard about.
Then she saw in his eyes he was cumming. Mom quickly dove into his crotch. I
knew why too. To catch his fuck juice in her face and mouth as he came. The
first one hit where she likes it to --  her eyelid, then she spread it around
her face as he kept shooting hot creamy cum. Finally, she stuffed his cock into
her mouth and sucked him dry as his dick began to go soft. She then proceeded
to lick him clean and stuff the spent cock into his pants. Mom zipped up his
trousers, smile up at him and said, "Thanks for the desert Mister. Cum back any
time."

Mom and dad watched the tired salesmen go to his car and drive around to his
much needed accommodations.  Mom went up to dad and hugged him. She opened her
mouth so he could see all the man's cum she hadn't swallowed, then she kissed
him. He swallowed the man's cum into his mouth and then licked mom's face
clean. "See honey, you need to get an appreciation for other men's cum." Dad
just moaned with delight. I got up and headed toward the back saying I had to
go to the bathroom. Mom told me to stop and turned her head around. I stared at
mom's bare ass in those wonderful high heel shoes as she was still hugging dad.
"Are you going to jerk off Joey?"

"Yeah mom, got to."

"Want mommy's help son?" she asked.

"Sure. That would be great."

Mom grabbed dad's hand and led him to the back apartment. "It's bedtime boys,
and mommy needs some sizzling fucking tonight."

Dad just kept smiling as we turned out the lights and headed for the bedroom.
Dad and I staring at the most lovely ass in the world -- mom's.

