     * * *  MY FIRST CIRCLE JERK  * * *

     When I was a kid, we lived in a tiny town out in the country.  There were
a lot of young families there and they all had kids around the same age,
ranging from twelve on up to sixteen or seventeen.  Of course, there were
yonger and older kids, too; b ut the

     I was on the younger end of this pecking order, and so I was usually more
of a tag-along than a participant.  There were about six or seven of us.  We
played together, went swimming in farm ponds together.  The normal stuff boys
do.  We also had circ le jer

     I remember the first time I ever was included in one of these.

     One of the guys; Bobby, who was on the older end, had just entered puberty
and and was bragging to us that he was old enough to cum now.

     I don't think any of the rest of us had actually started cumming yet, but
some were getting about "ripe"; so we all hooted that he was just bragging.
"Nah!  No way! Put up or shut up!"

     Well, Bobby wasn't about to let us call his bluff.  He said, "OK!  If you
guys don't believe me, I'll prove it."

     He told us all to come on out to the henhouse where we wouldn't be seen.
When we got out there, all the older guys pulled out their joints and started
stroking off.  The couple of us who were only 12 or so, hadn't even grown any
pubic hair yet, let along

     They all stood around pullingtheir meat for all they were worth, but no
one touched anyone else.  After all, they were tough guys, and tough guys don't
play with other guys' dicks!  In just a very few minutes the other guys had all
reached their clim axes,

     He labored arduously on his prong.  Beeds of sweat popped out on his
forehead as he beat his meat for all he was worth!  But no results.  The guys
watched and waited, but still nothing.  I think this would be called
performance anxiety today, but bac k then

     They were beginning to get bored, and a little nervous.  "What is old lady
Barnes was to come out to gather eggs, and caught us all watching Bobby jack
off?!  So we told him, we knew he was just bragging and we began to leave.
     
     Looking back, there were a lot of things that could be said about Bobby,
but "quitter" wasn't among them.  He came right along with the bunch as we
walked back toward the house, flogging his whang all the way.

     Just as we were rounding the corner of the shed, past the water pump and
almost to the corner of the house Bobby gasped in a loud whisper, "I'M CUMMIN'"

     We all grouped around him in  a tight circle and watched in open-mouthed
amazement as Bobby demonstrated one of the wonders of nature that to this day
still holds me in utter fascination.  Cum began to shoot out of the end of his
very ample sized dic k in l

     The show was over and Bobby slung the last drops of that lovely load off
his hand where they joined their brothers on the ground in mute witness that
Bobby was a man of his word.  He shook his still stiff rod and put it back in
his overalls with an e xagger

     Each of us had our own thought, too shy or embarassed to voice them.  But
I know mine were, "Gee!  Bobby has a big old peter!  I sure would like to play
with it till it shots out that funny white stuff again!"

     I nearly got the chance, too; once: but that's another story.
