			MY CHOICE: A STORY

 She met me at the door when I came home from the University, as usual,
but this was definitely not a usual day in my life.

 "Hello, love." I hoped the calmness I had forced into my voice covered
the heaviness of my heart, but I should have known better.  She probably
knew from my scent and posture, even before I had open my mouth, that all
was not right with me.  She sat down in front of me and looked up at me
quizzically, her usually smiling mouth and shining orange eyes showing her
confusion.  When I did not respond, she stod up, rubbed her silky-smooth body
against my legs, and then kissed my hand.

 Her love always managed to quell my fears and doubts, and this time was
no exception.  I fell to my knees, wrapping my arms around her and buring
my face in her warm, thick fur.  As I embraced her, she cuddled closer to
me and began kissing whatever parts of my face and neck came within reach
of her warm pink tongue.  As I held her, I began to rock, slowly and
gently, back and forth.

 "Oh, Shiloh, I love you... Oh, God, how I love you!  Please just let me
hold you and love you, and love me back.  Ineed you, love..."  It was like
a prayer, chanted over and over again.  How long we sat there, my furry
lover and I, just holding and reassuring one another, I don't know.  Maybe
20 minutes, maybe half an hour.  All I know for sure is that when I opened
my eyes and got up off the floor, I felt one Hell of a lot better about
life in general, and about what was comming that night in paticular. 
Shiloh, my furry lover, has always had that... nurturing, motherly aspect
about her.  Enen when I had first got her, as a six month old puppy from a
friend of mine, she always seemed to know when I needed a mother --
someone to hold me and cuddle me, and tell me that everything would be ok.
I don't know how I ever managed to make it through the days before she
came into my life.

 Seeing her mate back to more or less his usual self made her feel a lot
better, too.  As I walked into the living room, she followed me with her 
usual effortless grace.  I swear, when Shiloh is in high spirits, she
doesn't walk, she floats from place to place!  She certainly had the build
to do so: A creamy-white German Shepherd/Akita cross, she had the
appearance of a slightly-built bleach-blonde German Shepherd.  And she
certainly was in high spirits now, because she knew what happened when I
got home.  I made it a point when raising her of setting aside a time to
be used solely for our mutal pleasure, and I think that sometimes she
looks forward to these times more than I do!
 
 I walked across the room to the large black Italian-leather sofa, with my
love directly behind me.  This was our special time, and she intended to
make the most of it.  As I sank it to the yielding softness of the couch,
however, I again became lost in though, reviewing my action of that
afternoon -- and my thoughts were very quickly interrupted by a loud,
indignant bark!  I laid down on the couch, apologized to my love for my
lack of attentiveness, and we got down to the business of pleasure.

 My furry lady knows just how to turn me on, and delights fully in doing
so.  (I like to let her call the shots sexually between us;  I love being
"dominated" by her.) By first sniffing at, and then forcing her muzzle
into my crotch, she made it plain she wished access to my now-throbbing
member, access which I gladly provided.  As soon as I had undone my fly,
she began to lick my thobbing cock, starting at the base and right to the
head, in long, even strokes, which she continued until she felt my tension
rise almost to the breaking point.  She then moved to my testicles, taking
each one into her mouth in turn, and gently sucking on it.  Before moving
back to my cock, she jumped up on the couch and positioned herself so that
her forelegs were on either side of my hips while her hind legs were on
either of my chest and her tail was raised sky-high, giving me excellent
access to her hot canine cunt while she finished the job she had started. 
>From the way her pussy glistened in the light, I could see that she was
already very hot and very horny; she was practically dripping with her
honey-sweet nectar.  Saying a short word of grace for what i was about to
recieve, I raised my head and ran my tongue along the length of her
opening, forcing her vaginal lips open, and then thrust my tongue deep
within her.  I must have been hitting all the right spots, because within
a minute or so of my continued tongue-fucking, her muscles began
contracting around my tongue as her orgasm began.  To highten her
sensation, I took her whole cunt in my mouth and began to suck and gently
bite it.  She responded by hunching her back and forcing herself even
further into my hungry mouth.  I increased my sucking action, and was
rewarded with a flood of her nectar, the taste of which nothing on earth
can compare with.

 While I was tending to her sweet pussy, she was giving me the most
wonderful head any man on earth has ever recieved.  She took the loose
flap of skin just below the head of my penis (the remnant of a bad
circumcision, and incidentally the most sensitive part of my entire cock)
and began to lick and bite it until my cock was so hard that it hurt. 
Satisfied with her "errection" work, she proceeded to the demolition
phase, taking the entire length of my cock into her waiting mouth.  I
almost came then and there from the combination of the heat of her mouth
and the gentle suction she was applying.  She then crouched down (keeping
her ass-end high, while I continued my loving ministrations), placed her
paws on my legs on either side of my cock, and began to knead then as she
continued to suck me, as though she was a puppy, and my cock was a nipple
which she intended to milk for all it was worth.  She wasn't disappointed.
Within minutes I was pumping stream after stream of my hot salty "milk" down
her hungry throat.

 When I had finished ejaculating, and she had finished her orgasm, she
lay down on top of me, carefully placing her pussy back in my mouth while
doing so, and while she cleaned the remaining semen and saliva off my cock
and balls, I continued to savour the cuntal juices that continued to run
from her excited pussy.  That finished, she got up, turned around, and lay
down beside me, proceeding to clean any remaining nectar off my face. 
While she was doing so, I opened my mouth and let her drink the small
amount that I had saved there for her while I thrust my tongue into hers,
loving the salty taste of her saliva mingled with the slightly bitter
taste of my semen.  French kissing between up, tasting each other's
orgasmic fluids (or even when we haven't had sex), feeling the roughness
of our tongues as they rubbed together...  It's always such a wonderful
experience.

 Exhausted after our love-making, we just lay there quietly together, her
head resting on my chest and a forepaw draped casually over my stomach.
She looked at me with eyes full of love; I wrapped my arms around her and
hugged her tightly.  "I love you, too.  I want to be with you forever. 
You are the most precious one in the world to me, and I would be lost
without you."  And while holding each other close and looking deeply into
each others eyes, we drifted off to sleep.

		*               *               *

 When I woke up, it had passed seven o'clock.  I kissed Shiloh on the
muzzle and hugger her tightly one more time before getting up off the
couch and walking into the kitchen.  I had to get dinner ready.  Shiloh
followed after a few minutes; she always was a slow riser.  She layed down
on the floor and watched me.  "We are going to have a guest to dinner
tonight, love," I announced, and while she may not have fully understood
the meaning of the words, she could tell from the tone that something was
up.  She looked up at me curiously, and I knelt down and gave her a
scratch behind the ears.  "Relax.  You'll see."

 I was just putting the finishing touches on a lovely dinner of beef
Stroganoff and was putting on the coffee when the doorbell rang.

 "Jessica, hi!  Come on in.  Dinner is almost ready, and I'm just putting
the coffee on.  I hope that you like beef Stroganoff and Swiss chocolate
almond coffee!  Why don't you take a seat in the living room, and I'll be
in in a minute.  Why don't you use the time to get aquainted with Shiloh?"

 "Shiloh?  Oh, you mean the DOG!  Sure, no problem.  Come on... boy? girl?"

"Girl."

"Come on, then, girl.  Let's get to know one another."

 I could hardly stand to hear someone use that sort of patronizing tone
with my love, and I couls see it was getting on Shiloh's nerves, too.  Not
to mention the fact that having another female in the house made her more
than a little jealous.  I followed them into the living room while they
got seated, to ensure that nothing went wrong -- and a good thing, too! 
Jessica had decided she would like to sit on the black leather sofa --
"our" sofa, the one on which we always made love -- but Shiloh was having
none of that!  She ran past Jessica, jumped onto the couch, and turned to
face her, growling.

 "Is she allowed on the furniture?  And I wish she wouldn't growl at me
like that!"

 "Yes, she is allowed on the couch.  Asfor the growling, she's just not
used to having stangers in the house.  She'll chill out once you two get
to know each other."  I lied.  If I know my girl at all, she would become
more and more upset as the evening progressed unless I began somehow
allaying her jealous fears -- something which I fully intended to do,
starting with dinner.  "For now, might I suggest you sit on the white
leather love seat?"
 
 Dinner was ready in another 10 minutes, and we ate in the living room,
Shiloh and myself on "our" sofa, and Jessica on the white love seat.  I
could see that the sight of my lover eating the same food as we were, off
the same plates and at the same time as we ate had spoiled our guest's
apatite, for she barely finished the meager helping of Stroganoff I had
served her.  When we had all finished, I took the plates to the kitchen
and returned with the coffee tray and a bowl of water for Shiloh.

 "Now," said Jessica, after we had poured our coffees, "I have asked you
several times to go out with me, and each time you have refused, without
ever telling me wahy.  This time, you have invited me to your house for
dinner, and promised to explain the grounds of your past refusal.  Well,
I'm listening.  Explain yourself!"

 "Haven't you seen enough in the hour that you've been here?  I am already
attached to a significant other.  She had been jelously watching your
every move since you arrived, and won't be happy until you leave."  I
patted my leg, and Shiloh, who had been lying at the other end of the
couch throwing daggers from her eyes at Jess, got up, walked over to me,
and curled up against my side.  I wrapped my arms around her and gave her
a quick hug, then released my qrip on her, draped my left arm around her,
and turned back to Jessica.  "She is the most important person in the
entire world to me, and she loves me more than life itself.  To lose my
loving would kill her, because she would not WANT to continue living."

 "You're kidding, right?  I mean, you can't possibly be serious in saying
that you would be willing to turn me down for a DOG!"

 I was speechless for some time, able to do nothing more than look at her
and shake my head.  When I finally regained my voice, some ten minutes had
passed.  Trying to remain calm, my voice contained the hard edge of steel
in it.  "She is NOT just 'a dog', and I would thank you very much to stop
refering to her in such a derogatory manner!  She is the love of my life. 
You have no doubt noticed, to your obvious distaste, that I insist on
treating her as an equal, rather than as a 'pet'.  I truly love her more
than I have ever loved anyone else. Ever."

 "You're serious, aren't you?  Oh, my God, Brian, you are something else! 
On the way over here, I listed what I though were possible reasons for
your refusals, and I thought that maybe you were gay, or impotent, or
perhaps just not interested in a serious relationship right now, but I
NEVER imagined that you would be involved in bestiality!  But does that
mean that you can ONLY love Shiloh?  I've heard of som other people into
the same sort of thing, but they still end up getting married and whatnot!"

 "You saw how she reacted when I let in the house, Jess.  She's
incedibly jealous -- to her, every female, human or canine, is possible
competition.  I was lost before she came to me, and without her, I would
be lost again.  The last thing I would ever want to do is hurt her. Her
love is the only thing in this whole bloody world that keeps me sane.  Now
do you understand why?"

 "Yes, and you seem pretty determined to keep things the way they are, so
I won't even TRY to change your mind.  But we can still be friends, I hope?"

 "Of course we can!  I still value your friendship; I just won't allow it
to interfere with the love between Shiloh and myself."

 And that was that.  We talked about other things -- school, recent and
future happens on campus, etc. -- for some time before Shiloh's patience
finally ran out.  As far as my lover was concerned, I was still acting far
to friendly towards this new bitch, and didn't like it one bit.  She got
up from the couch, and before I could stop her she ran, growling
menacingly, over to where Jessica was sitting and began barking shrilly at
her, ordering her out of the house!  We said our good-byes, and she left
in very short order.

 Once she had gone, I walked back into the living room and laid down on
the black leather couch.  Shiloh returned in a few minutes, after she was
sure that Jessica had gone, and wasn't going to come back.

 "Come here, you silly mutt," called I, in a tired tone of voice.  She
walked over and began nosing at my crotch again, but I was not in the mood
for sex.  "Do you realize that, out of my love for you, I refused not
once, but SEVERAL TIMES, to go out with the human woiman of my dreams? 
The sacrafices that I make for you, girl!"  She jumped up on the couch and
positioned herself to have me eat her out, but I told her no, and asked
her to lie down beside me, which she did, resting her head on my chest, as
before.  I embraced her warm furry body, holding her close to me.  "What
am I ever going to do with you, my jealous little lover?  You don't have
to worry about losing me, and you KNOW that!  You aren't my alpha-female,
you are my ONLY female!  And thank God for that, because you are one very
bitchy bitch at times, and I doubt I could handle more than one of you at
a time!"

 She squirmed out of my embrace, got of the couch, and began rubbing her
silky-smooth white fur against me again.  I reached over and scratched her
behind the ears.  "What is it, love?  What do you want?"  She seized my
shirt sleeve and tried to drag me from the couch.  To keep her from
ripping the shirt, I slowly got up off the sofa and let her lead me
towards the bedroom.  "You're right.  Let's go to bed, Shiloh.  It's been
a very long day."

 I walked over to the bed and pulled back to covers, and Shiloh jumped in
and streched out.  I undressed as slowly as I could, performing a
"strip-show" for my beloved, then got into bed beside her.  She cuddled as
close to me as she could, rubbing her soft warm fur all over my naked
body.  I wrapped my arms and legs around her in a whole-body hug, then
proceeded to slowly cover her face and muzzle with little licks and kisses
(my "goodnight kisses").  She then reciprocated, giving me a gentle and
loving face wash.  And, after that, our bodies still intertwined and still
holding each other close, we drifted off into a deep and relaxing sleep.

			

			    - THE END -


