PALM SPRINGS WEEKEND		18650 Words, 59 Pages, 132K

BY:  Frank Albright

copyrite 1989



JUNE 1988

	It had been a long, tough month at work; but the deal was
finally closed and the contract signed.  I needed some R&R, so
to celebrate my success, I'd gotten away on an early Friday
flight for a long weekend in Palm Springs.   It was in the low
90's when I arrived.   Just what I needed.  I picked up the
Lincoln I'd reserved and  drove to the Motel.  I registered and
dumped my bags in the suite I'd booked and then headed for
Indian Wells.  There was plenty of time to get in 9 holes of
golf  after which I could just lounge, bareass, by the Motel's
pool and work on a tan.

	I had an early dinner at my favorite Mexican restaurant & then
dropped by my favorite "ole time" Cathedral City bar on Hwy 111
for a few beers.  I  hung around till 10 PM & then drifted
around the corner to another of the Springs "all male hot
spots".   I'd been there for about an hour when a tough looking,
young hunk came up and introduced himself.  He was a Marine in
town from 29 Palms looking for some action.  I outlined my
interests and he said that he'd like to join me for as long as I
wanted him.   He had to be back at the base by 7 AM Monday;  but
until then he was all mine.  We left after finishing our beers
and headed back to the Motel.

	His name was Paul -- a 4 stripper USMC Gunny.  My weekend slave
was 26,  6', 195#,  sandy brown hair cut in a Marine high &
tight, blue eyes, moderate chest hair (just enough to highlight
his physique - not cover it),  very defined biceps,  pecs, abs,
thighs and great calves.  When we got back to the Motel,  I had
him strip buck naked in the parking lot.  When he was totally
naked, I had him fold his clothes,  which I took and  locked  in
the trunk of my car.  He didn't object to the public stripping
(actually at that hour there was no one around to see him).  In
fact, Paul didn't object to any of the abuse I subjected him to
during the remainder of weekend.  He was as eager a slave
wannabe as I'd ever encountered.

		I led him into the locked Motel compound  and sat down on one
of the lounge chairs which circled the pool.  Paul stood in
front of me at Parade Rest - displaying his muscular, naked body
for me.  I took advantage of Paul's stance to run my hands up
and down his inner thighs.  His thick, uncut 7' cock responded
immediately by tracing an arc into full erection.  I took hold
of Paul's hardon and pulled the solid shaft straight down until
it was parallel with his massive legs, pointing straight down to
the ground. The Marine never changed his stance or gave the
slightest expression of discomfort.  I was impressed.  This
slave was going to be fun to work.

	I told him that, with the exception of a leather cock ring or
leather & steel cock cage (which I would alternate throughout
the weekend);  he would stay naked whenever we were at the
Motel.  The Motel is very private and has a bareass policy so it
wouldn't be any "big deal".  I was aware of the stringent
restrictions placed on an active duty serviceman where social
interaction is concerned and had no intentions of compromising
his vulnerability.  The impression I wanted Paul to understand
was that his body was to be completly open to me at all times
when we were at the Motel.  Regardless of what other men might
see him, the important point was that he was exposed and
exhibited for me.  Paul understood and said  that he was turned
on by the prospect of being kept stark naked with his clothes
locked in my trunk.  The no exit situation stimulated his
libido.  It was very evident by his rock hard, vein bulging
cock.  I released my grip on the Marine's boner and let his fat,
hard cock slap up against his belly.  It bounced up and down for
a few seconds comming to rest at a perfect 45 degree angle from
his body.  This kid was built and obviously sexually in full rut.

	  I leaned back into the lounge chair and told Paul to flex
out.  He responded immediately by flexing every muscle in his
well proportioned physique to maximum extension.  He posed for
about 20 minuites - not  leaving a single muscle undisplayed
including his sphincter and penis.  When he finished, his body
was reflecting the pool lights from the sweat he'd worked up.
It was an incredible sight.  I told him to dive into the pool
and cool off.  Paul was in the water immediately swimming around
like a dolphin.  I went into my suite, stripped and retrieved
two towels.  When I returned to the pool Paul was floating on
his back with his erection pointing straight up like a submarine
periscope.  I dove in and joined him.

	We fucked around in the pool for about an hour and then headed
for my suite.  Paul dried himself off with one of the towels I'd
brought out; but he took my towel and threw it into the corner
of the bedroom..  He dried me off with his mouth, sucking every
drop of pool water off my body and licking me clean with his
tongue.  He sucked, licked and nibbeled at my cock until it
hardened to its full 8 inches of uncut Master meat.  When he had
me stimulated to the erupting point, I had Paul use his mouth to
slip a rubber over my throbbing erection.  He had me sheathed in
no time flat.  I took him in my arms and hugged and deep
throated him while carrying him over to the bed.  I fucked
Marine ass  until we both fell alseep in each other's arms.

	I got up at 4:30 AM and laid out a steel cock ring and leopard
spotted thong bikini for Paul.  After slipping on a pair of
UDT's, I nudged Paul awake and told him to dress in what I'd
laid out and then meet me out front in 5 minuites.  My military
slave was waiting for me in the thong bikini when I rode up on
one of the Motel's bicycles.  I pulled the front of the bikini
down to inspect the cock ring.  It was in place and was puching
the Marine's cock and balls out front.  I told Paul that we were
going for a 3 mile run to start the day.  I rode the bike beside
him setting the pace -- which was fast.  He kept up the tempo
with his bare feet slapping out an even cadence on the pavement.
 His cock and balls were jumping up and down too.  The thong
bikini was made of nylon and didn't provide much support for the
Marine's hefty basket now exaggerated by the weighted cock
ring..  His pecs were bouncing too with each tit on full high
beam..  As each foot hit the road, sweat was splashing off his
body.   

	By the time we'd finished 2 miles, Paul was getting winded.  I
slowed the pace down to a crawl and let him recoup.  He needed a
little extra encouragement so I stopped and took a 6 foot
leather thong out of my pocket.  I attached one end  to Paul's
cock ring and the other to the seat of my bike.  The tension on
the leather thong pulled Paul's cock and balls so that they
almost came out of the top of his bikini.  With the addition of
this impromptu leash, he renewed his effort.  Paul's dick also
responded to the encouragement by growing into a fine early
morning hard-on.  It didn't take long for his rod to poke its
way out the top of the bikini.  He was such a virile sight
bouncing along behind my bicycle that I added an extra mile for
emphasis.  

	When we arrived back at the Inn,  it was almost 6 AM.  No one
else was up so Paul and I took a long leisurely dip in the hot
tub to relax.  Interrupted once by Paul getting breakfast in the
form of my hard cock rammed down his throat.  Before long, the
sun was up and warmed the pool area sufficiently to invite some
bareassed sunbathing.  Stretching out leisurely on a chaise just
didn't seem appropriate for Paul.   So while he was doing some
morning PT exercises, I went to the room and retrieved some
leather straps.  When Paul saw what I had in my  hand, his cock
flexed.  Actually I'm not sure whether the arousal was due to
the sight of the leather straps or the jumping jacks that he was
doing which were slamming his hard cock up and down against his
belly.  Regardless of the cause, by the time I told him to get
his ass over to a chaise which I had placed in the hottest area
and lay down on his back; Paul's 7 inches was at full, vein
bulging attention.  

	I had him extent his arms over his head, first securing his
upper arms between his biceps and pits to the top of the chaise.
 Next I tied off each wrist pulling his arms across each other
and behind the chaise (like a figure X) tying the ends of each
leather strap to the back legs of the chaise. With just his arms
tied in this manner, Paul found it very difficult to move the
rest of his body.  I didn't think that was enough of a challenge
for such a strapping Marine so I completed his bondage by tying
off both of his legs at the ankles to each of the front legs of
the chaise.  

	One of  the biggest turn-ons  either for myself or another man
are TITS.  Paul had a great set.  They were partially covered
with his chest hair so I got a straight edge razor and
dry-shaved a small circle around each nipple. I shaved off just
enough hair to fully expose his two nips.  From a distance the
visual effect of the shaving didn't alter the total impression
of Paul's hairy chest.  In fact it gave it a highlight which was
very sexy and attractive.  The strapped down Marine's tits were
already hard but not hard enough for me.  

	One of the greatest auto-stimulation products I've discovered
in the last 15 years is the standard Cutter's Snake Bite Kit. 
The two green suction cups that make up the outside of the Kit
are great for coaxing blood into a man's tits and getting them
really big, not to mention extremely sensitive.  After putting
some alcohol on Paul's dry-shaved pecs, I wet the two suction
cups and squeezed them firmly to attach them to his pecs
-covering the targeted tits.  This got a groan of contentment
and apprehension from Paul.  Throughout all of this his raging
hardon remained rigid and throbbing. While I was shaving his
tits, each time I squeezed or massaged a nipple, Paul's cock
would jump in response.  This man was HOT.   While Paul's tits
were being sucked out, I turned my attention to his rigid
pulsating penis.  It seemed to be reveling in its freedom -- the
only muscle on the Marine's body that was still free to stir at
will.

	One thing that years of experience has taught me is that when
strong men get turned on, their libidos usually take over from
their common sense.  The reason I inject this hear is that a
large number of men dominating a scene like this would just do
whatever they thought was a good idea.  After all they had some
sweating, writhing hunk secured in a vulnerable situation; why
not exploit the situation?  It's best to remember that there are
2 men participating in the scene - not just one.  If you expect
any honest feed back, let alone satisfaction - don't let
yourself slip into a singularity of purpose!  Bring him along
too.  You'll find it's a more complete turn on.  Especially if
you ever want to see him again.

	I rarely ask questions during a session; but one thing I've
learned over time is that hairy men are VERY attached to their
hair and I don't mean just physically.  Removing a man's hair is
an extreme psychological as well as physical act. It ranks right
up there with branding.  In fact, in a temporary way, a total
body shave for a man is a form of submissive branding.  It
exhibits his submission to all those who see his shaved body --
particularly if they knew him prior to the shaving.   In a full
time relationship -- as a matter of commitment -- a full body
shave is a great gesture.  A bonding.  In a transient affair;
however, where there is no full time commitment, stripping a man
of his hair without consent can lead to a really traumatic
experience (as well as a bloody nose or worse for the shaver
once the shavee is on the loose!)  So when I'm presented with a
very vulnerable, hot-to-trot, hairy body; before I start swiping
off hair with my straight razor; I ask what embarrassment or
difficulty it would cause the man if - for the sake of
increasing the sensitivity of the session- he would agree to
have some portion or all of his body hair shaved off.  In this
particular touching and sensitive moment, I put the question to
Paul.   He assured me that he could deal with any embarrassment
that a shaving would cause and that I should proceed as I saw
fit.  He left it to my discretion.  What a VERY HOT man this
Marine was!  That was all of the assurance I needed.  I had no
intention of stripping off all of Paul's hairy coat -- it was
too impressive.  I did need some unobstructed access to his
crotch though; so Paul was about to lose his pubic hair.

	The sight of my straight razor in one hand and his cock tightly
clinched in my other hand was tormenting Paul almost to the
breaking point (or more accurately "climax" point). This time I
put some oil in my palm and gently started milking the stretched
out Marine.  It was getting hotter, both from the sun and from
the sexual fire between Paul and me.  Paul's taut, naked,
strapped down body was wet with sweat again.  He was twisting
and turning in his bondage as best he could to offset the
incredible stimulation I knew he was experiencing by having his
erection played with.  

	Paul was on the edge in no time.  I had ordered him not to come
without my explicit permission.  His groans and deep breaths
were now audible moans as he tried to keep himself in check.  He
was squirming in the best tradition of the Corps.  I was about
to climax myself when the straight razor in my other hand
reminded me that there was some crotch shaving to do.  I wiped
the mixture of oil and precum up and down Paul's shaft.  I dried
my hand on a towel and firmly took hold of the head of Paul's
cock and began to shave the shaft with the other. I got two
strokes on his cock shaft when Paul cried out: "Oh please, Sir! 
I can't control it any more.  Please let me shoot, Sir."  I put
down the razor and squeezed his cock head as tight as I could
with one hand while pulling down hard on his ballsac with the
other.  I kept the pressure on for a minute or two and the
combination of pain from his balls coupled with the restriction
of his urethra did the trick.  Paul relaxed.  I told him that
I'd be getting him off very soon; but for now he should take
this sexual torment like a Marine.  He laughed and excused
himself for stopping me from the shaving.  

	I told him that he'd pay for it later and picked up my razor
and returned to shaving the still engorged cock shaft.  In no
time Paul's cock was shaved and even more sensitive to the
touch.  I used this to my advantage because his scrotum hung
very low and shaving it would be easier if I could coax his nuts
into a pre-orgasm position.  I started slowly milking him again.
  It didn't take long until Paul's nut sac started contracting.
As it contracted, I'd pull his nuts to the bottom of the sac and
shave.  This had the dual effect of prolonging Paul's orgasm
while helping me to get a very clean shave.  The shaving didn't
take very long and in no time I was dousing Paul's crotch with
alcohol.  I enjoyed his wincing against the liquid's sting
followed immediately by his reaction to feeling a breeze where
he had never felt one before. 

	It was time to turn our mutual attention from stimulating one
area of this muscular body to working on another. Throughout all
of the cock-centered ordeal, Paul's tits were being sucked up
into the suction cups I'd attached to his pecs.  By now they
were sure to be huge, swollen, sensitive terminals ripe for my
purposes.  In order to get Paul's attention from his burning,
throbbing still fully erect cock back to his tits; I gave both
cups a very light squeeze. Paul's mouth dropped, his eyes closed
and he gave out a long, deep, tormented moan.  He realized at
that moment that it was all just beginning; not about to end. 
When he opened his eyes, I was smiling down at this handsome
Marine and said:  "Ready or not -- here come your tits, Marine."

 "Ready, Sir" came the reply.

  I pulled on the suction cups, pulling them straight out from
his chest.  Paul's pecs rose

in response to the pulling; but the suction cups held their
grip.  I continued with a firm pulling motion away from his
chest until in quick succession both cups popped off almost
simultaneously.  Paul gave out a short shriek -- not so much
from any pain; but from the relief.  His tits were incredibly
pumped up.  They stood out at least an inch (maybe a little
more) from his pecs and the shaved area around each one set them
off perfectly.  I had to step back for a moment to admire it
all.  He was quite a sight.  Paul was looking in amazement at
this new area of stimulation. Were they really his tits?  His
dick gave an involuntary spasm -no doubt in delightful
anticipation of what these two new sexual knobs were capable of 
-  in the hands of a man who knew how to use them.   I did!  

	I wasted no time in demonstrating the potential of these two
sex knobs by gently rolled them between the thumb and forefinger
of both hands. Paul put his head back and groaned approval.  I
increased the pressure on the two highly sensitive and
vulnerable nipples until Paul was writhing in agony- not
ecstasy.  His cock was dripping precum and jumping wildly in
response to the stimulus now being applied to tits.  I dug my
thumb nails into the nipple's pumped-up shafts.  Paul cried out
finally -- "Please, Sir...Please!"  I gradually let up on the
pressure.  

	Both nipples, still very swollen, were bright red and
super-sensitive. I bent over him and started licking at the
tortured nips.  Then I satarted sucking each one in turn. 
Finally I nibbeled and chewed on them.  Paul's cries were
getting louder and his breathing was a series of gasps between
the bites.  I stopped the torture.  I reached for the suction
cups and put them back in place with a strong suction.  What
this did was to pump blood back into deflated cells that had
just been tortured for 15 minutes.  All the pain receptors that
had gone numb were now instantaneously reactivated.  

	The effect this had on Paul was immediate. His cock shot
straight out from his belly in spasm after spasm.  The trussed
up Marine shot a steady stream of pure white hot slave cum over
his chest and onto his face.  His throbbing erection even
propelled two volleys  right over his head.  This boy was
drained - or so he thought.  I massaged his cock, coaxing the
last drips of cum from deep within.  After his penis began to
relax, I rubbed the cum he'd exploded into his chest hairs and
then wiped it off his face and had him lick my hands clean. 
This restrained leatherneck was in seventh heaven.   I reminded
him that he had not had my permission to ejaculate. He looked up
at me with a soft expression of mixed guilt and ecstasy.  I
didn't forgive him.

"That was your climax, boy; not mine," I told him. "Now lets see
what you can do for me." 

I pulled the tit cups off roughly this time.  They had done in
less than 5 minutes what it took almost a half hour to
accomplish before.  Paul's tits were enormous again.  Without
any words I started kneading them, pinching them & pulling at
them. My Marine slave didn't have time to adjust to this new
session.  Surprises are a great stimulator.  I took a leather
thong that I hadn't used and tied it tightly around Paul's nuts,
then made two slip knots in each end.  Leaving Paul to
contemplate what was about to happen, I went into the room and
retrieved a few extra pieces of equipment that the moment
dictated.  When I returned, I showed Paul a pair of Japanese tit
clamps -- the type that squeeze harder the more you pull down on
them.  I put them both onto Paul's tits, positioning them at the
very end of the nipple heads and then attached the ends of the
leather thong tied around his nuts to the bottom of the tit
clamps.  I adjusted the slip knots so that there was no slack
and Paul's nipples were pulled down in the direction of his
belly.  Any pressure on the thong and the clamps would pull down
and squeeze tighter.  Paul was sweating heavily now and moaning.
 He tried moving just once which caused his nuts to reposition
with the consequent tug on the thong stretching his huge, sore
nipples.  A whole chain reaction of pain ensued.  This Marine
was helpless.  He had no way to move without causing himself
agony.  

	His cock was responding to this new bondage situation as I had
hoped.  In a very few moments, Paul was rock hard again. I got
some oil (this time oil of wintergreen), put it in my palm and
started to jack him off; very slowly at first.  In that way he
could adapt to the motion of his cock being pulled up and down
with the consequence that his nuts were being pulled also.  As I
masturbated the moaning Marine, his tits were being squeezed
harder and yanked down on the upstroke and relaxed on the down
stroke.  I told him not to utter a sound.  As I picked up the
stroking pace the additional benefit of friction and oil of
wintergreen on the mucous membranes of his cockhead started to
take effect.  I knew that by now, Paul's erect penis was
virtually on fire.  His nuts were being used like a punching bag
and his tits were now in indescribable agony. Here was one of
America's finest fighting men, stripped naked, bound-up tight,
exposed and being sexually manipulated all for the amusement of
another man.  It was now very evident -- this warrior was
getting off on the whole scene.  

	Deep throated grunts and moans were all that punctuated the now
hot desert air around the pool.  Faster and faster I stroked,
bringing him right to the very brink of what would have been an
incredible climax for both of us; but I wasn't ready yet to let
him have his second release.  I stopped the jerk off, untied the
thong and gently took off the tit clamps.  The blood rushed back
into those parts of his nipples that had been squeezed by the
clamps.  Since I didn't want a similar explosion from Paul's
cock as we had experienced earlier, I gently message his tits
until they were decompressed.  

	I washed off my hands in the pool and dried them with a towel
in order to get rid of the oil of  Wintergreen.  I then started
kneading Paul's very sore and tender nipples.  When they were
both firm again, I reached over for the last tool I had
retrieved from the room.  Two hand brushes- the kind you use to
clean your fingernails.  

	I started to slowly run them over each side of his hairless
ballsac.  His cock was jumping at each touch.  That reaction
told me I was definitely on the right track. Next I moved them
over each side of his rigid cock up to but not touching the
head.  I kept this up till I saw his ballsac start to contract. 
Then I dragged both brushes over his cock head, around the rim,
over the piss slit and finally up and down the tender helmet. 
Paul was biting his lip in order not to cry out; but his cock
was doing a dance of ecstasy.  I took the brushes off his cock
and started to work my way up his torso.  

	I dragged the brushes across his belly, over his ribs, in and
around both of his sweat drenched arm pits and then around the
outline of his pecs stopping just below his tormented tits. 
Paul knew what was coming.  

Very quietly he said:  "Sir, I don't think I can hold it back if
you use those brushes to work over my tits.  I'll try, Sir...I'm
sorry, Sir..I've just never been worked like this before".

 I looked down at this handsome young Marine, being consumed by
sex drives that he never knew he had and said:

"When the time comes, Paul; and you feel that you can't hold it
back another second, I want you to yell HOORAH five times and
then you have my permission to let nature take its course."

"Yes, Sir!", was Paul's response spoken in clipped, military
correct Marine lingo.  Without any further words, I slowly moved
the brushes around the outside of his tits, just brushing the
sides of his nipples.  At each contact with the side of a
nipple, Paul jerked and twisted. This wasn't pain -- this was a
working definition of MALE SEXUAL HEAVEN. After playing around
the outside, I took the brushes home; dragging then at first
lightly and then with ever increasing roughness over the tips of
his nipples.  Alternately fast and slow, soft and rough -- I was
jerking this Marine off by his tits.  I kept it going until the
first HOORAH came catapulting out of Paul's mouth.  

	Every muscle in his body was straining, flexing, contracting in
anticipation of the explosive release that was just seconds
away.  With the second and third HOORAH, I pinched both nipples
as hard as I could and then took both brushes directly to Paul's
wet, throbbing cockhead.  As the fourth HOORAH came out I worked
both brushes over the tender cockhead; ending in unison with
both brushes dragging across his piss slit as he screamed the
fifth HOORAH and exploded with even more force than his first
orgasm.  The ejaculation must have lasted a minuite or two
because I had just enough time to work my uncut, fully erect and
ready cock that had been keeping up with the action.  It took
only four or five strokes and I exploded too, mixing my vintage
cum with the virility of this great young man.  It was draining
for both of us.  I untied Paul and we both fell into the cool,
sparkling water of the pool to clean off.   He held onto me
tightly as I guided our entwined forms around the pool.  We
kissed and fondled, felt and finally fucked

*****

	The HOORAHs had also gotten action from the other guests. Two
guys came up to the pool and wanted to know just what was
happening.  I introduced Paul and myself and then said that Paul
had just saved us all from an invasion from the Religious Right.
 I also expressed the hope that we weren't the cause for anyone
rising before they wanted to. At that moment my cock was rising
up Paul's ass hole and his dick was responding with it's own
fully flexed erection.  [You see two men who believe in each
other, who can have confidence with each other and who hardly
know each other can achieve great mutual fulfillment.  The
clinical terms and discussions of submission / male to male
interaction / homosexuality / male sex.....all miss the actual
point. Doing it!  The way to answer the personal questions that
you have is to actually participate. Don't get hung up in the
fringe.] Sorry for the impromptu editorial again - back to our
story.  Anyway the two guys smiled at our obvious watery
intwinment and said not to worry.  	

	After I fucked him in the pool, Paul and I just relaxed for an
hour or two.  When the time came to eat, I laid out a pair of 
light blue mid-thigh, Lycra/Spandex shorts and shower thongs as
Paul's "uniform of the day".   With the cock ring on,  the Lycra
outlined his cock and balls in a very revealing manner.  We were
going to turn some heads.  When Paul was ready, we went out for
a late breakfast.  At the local Denny's no less.  They demanded
a shirt so I gave Paul a muscle athletic shirt -- the type with
the string shoulders that exposes almost all of your chest.  His
nipples were still larger than normal and the shirt in
conjunction with the shaved area around his tits really set his
chest off.  There were lots of turned heads and a comment or
two; but we got our brunch.  Paul was turned on by having me
define what he wore (having the basic right to dress yourself
taken away is a subtle but very strong statement of domination
and Paul submitted eagerly).    

	When we got back to the Motel it was a well past noon.  I
wanted to get some sun and enjoy the pool; but I also wanted to
enjoy Paul.  I asked him if he had any fantasy that he wanted to
fulfill and he responded that he had always had a fantasy about
being sexually fondled and masturbated by strangers while being
restrained in a vulnerable position.  That was all I needed to
hear.

	There were five other men staying at the Inn and I'd met all
but two on Friday night.  Two of them had also met Paul this
morning and had apparently liked what they saw.  This hot, good
looking couple from LA. was very interested in the recap of the
activities which Paul and I had shared earlier that morning. One
of the men was 5-8 or 5-9, weighing around 170, very firm and
trim with a lot of dense black body hair, short black hair on
his head and a trimmed black mustache. He was a good looking man
with a nice fat cock.  His partner was a blond, blue eyed,
Germanic hunk - 6-3, about 220.  Very cut and muscular, no body
hair at all with the exception  of a very small and well-trimmed
patch of golden pubic hair just above his cock.  He sported a
very sexy crew cut.  The dark haired one had gone out to do some
errands leaving the blond muscleman to enjoy the pool alone. The
only disappointment came when he stripped off his towel to go
into the pool.  His nakedness revealed a very short and stubby
dick. It looked like a "steroid-baby" to me; which was probably
the case because he had told us that he had just been in a big
physique contest in Las Vegas.  His lover had brought him here
to relax.   The dark one's name was Leo (the first "gay" Leo I'd
ever met).  His Hun-god's name was Terry.  They were both easy
going and didn't seem to mind that Paul and I had played out a
very hot sex session earlier that morning where they were now
swimming and sunning.  Actually, they seemed ready to get down
and play dirty themselves.  

	The other gentleman I had met the night before was in his 50's
and was in good shape as far as I could tell from that brief
encounter.  His name was Harry and he was in from Boston for a
weeks' vacation.  I hadn't seen him this morning.  As for the
other two men, all I knew was that they were from the Bay area
and staying in the same room.

	My suite was off to the side in the back of the complex with
its own private patio.  I told Paul to move one of the chaises
into our patio and that I'd set him up in there (so as not to
impose his trip on the other guests).  I retrieved the leather
straps that I had used earlier and retied Paul to the chaise in
the same way.  I left his feet untied so that he (or another
participants in this fantasy) could move his legs where ever was
most convenient.  I left the other two straps on the patio
table. I then retrieved a number of sex toys from our suite and
arranged them on a clean, white towel on the patio table: 
Dildos (including two vibrating ones and one that was inflatable
and also vibrated), tit clamps, suction cups, oil, latex gloves,
K-Y, leather thongs, cock ring / harness, those fantastic
brushes that had earlier masturbated this fiery Marine, rubbers
and a small leather strap whip.  

	Paul was watching carefully as I arranged the implements of his
impending sexual harassment.  I asked him if he objected to
anything he saw.  Paul smiled and answered: "No, Sir!  But will
you be nearby in case something gets too crazy?"  I assured him
that I wasn't going to hang him out to dry and that if something
too strange should happen; he was to yell out his USMC "HOORAH"
and I'd step right in.  With these assurances and instructions,
I messaged some suntan oil on Paul's exposed physique and left
Paul to realize his fantasy.

	I went back to the pool -- oiled myself up and stretched out in
a good spot to catch some rays.  I was also ready to direct the
"anonymous players" to Paul.  Terry was floating around in the
pool on a raft.  He paddeled himself over to the pool edge in
front of my chaise and asked where my  "friend" was.  I told him
what we were up to and asked if he would care to participate. 
He smiled, said that it sounded real hot and asked if there were
any "rules-of-engagement" or restrictions.  I told him that it
was an "anything goes" session and to go enjoy himself.   Terry
pulled himself out of the pool and still dripping wet, walked
over to our patio, opened the door and walked in.  

	The sun was nice and hot by now and I was very relaxed soaking
it all up.  After about 20 minutes or so, some distinct groans
started coming from my patio and my imagination started painting
a picture of Terry working Paul into a frenzy.  I got a hard-on.
 As I was enjoying this sexual daydream, Leo came back into the
complex with a big pizza and case of cold beer.  He asked if I
wanted some of the pizza and a beer.  I said that I could  use
something cold just then.  Leo glanced at my rock hard cock and
said that maybe I needed something hot instead.  I told him that
something hot was going on at that very moment on my patio and
that his lover was directing the show. 

"Should I interrupt him?", Leo asked.

"That's up to you" I replied; "it's open season on Paul this
afternoon and I think you and your lover could make good use of
him - Terry's been in there for about 20 minutes and I just
heard some pretty serious groaning - better get in there - you
can put the pizza in our oven and the beer in the ice cooler
over there at the edge of the pool". 

Leo didn't need any further prodding.  He threw me a beer, slid
the rest into the pool's cooler and headed for the patio door. 
I laid back again and enjoyed the cool beer.  The afternoon slid
by in easy fashion.  Harry, the guy from Boston, came in about a
half  hour after Leo.  I explained what was going on over on my
patio and invited Harry to go take a look and join in if he felt
like it.  He excused himself and said that he'd take a rain
check on the invitation.

	My curiosity finally reached a fever pitch (not to mention my
dick that was maintained in its swollen state by the continuous
guttural sounds of carnal heat seething from my patio).  I dove
into the pool to cool off a bit, then swam to the far side near
my patio and pulled myself out.  I took the few steps to my
patio gate.  When I pulled the gate open, it was difficult to
tell where the body of one sweating hulk left off and another
one began. Paul had his two legs tied onto the top of the back
of the chaise so that he was bent in the middle and his asshole
fully exposed.  Terry was bent over Paul's ass with a black 9"
dildo in his hand working it in and out of the Marine's hole.
Leo was behind Terry holding onto his thighs and ramming his
fat, hard dick in between the flexed muscular cheeks of his
lover's tight ass. What a sight!  Terry was dildo fucking Paul
while getting fucked by his lover.

Leo looked over at me, smiled and said:  "I believe you'll find
an open asshole somewhere around here...why not join us." 

I picked up the inflatable/vibrating dildo, coated it with K-Y
and brought it behind Leo's back.  I started playing with his
cheeks, slapping and kneading them.  He spread his legs as wide
apart as he could while still ramming his lover - inviting me to
explore his puckered hole further.  I fingered his anus, running
my fingers in and out as well as around his rosebud.  Leo was
keeping time with my exploration by puckering it open and
closed.  I knew he was beyond ready.  The head of the inflatable
dildo was big and I took my time teasing his asshole with it.  I
told him to point his toes and "make an O".  He chuckled and
complied.  Leo bent forward a bit.  His hard cock slipped out of
his lover's bubble butt just as the steady pressure I was
placing on the dildo kissing his anus finally convinced his
sphincter to admit the intrusion.  The big black dildo slid in
and Leo arched his back, plunging his tool roughly into his
lover's ass hole.  I fucked Leo for a few minutes, getting him
used to the size and texture of the rubber rod.  As I started to
slowely inflate the dildo reaming his ass; Leo finally pulled
free of his lover's ass and started a synchrons swaying in time
with my thrusts.  		

	Terry left the dildo he was using on Paul sticking out of the
Marine's ass while he turned around and started deep French
kissing his partner and working on his hard tits.  I began to
vibrate the inflating dildo that was now fucking Leo's tight
ass.  He straightened up and pulled forward reacting to the
dildo's squirming fullness in his gut.  Leo couldn't say
anything because Terry had his tongue deep inside his lover's
mouth. When the dildo was inflated as far as I thought
necessary, I handed it to Terry.  The blond muscleman worked the
vibrator controls until both it and Leo were purring.  Terry
then pulled his mouth from Leo's lips and knelt before his
lover's crotch and started licking his balls.  Whatever he had
in mind for his lover was better than any idea of mine.

	I untied Paul's legs and took the dildo out of his ass
replacing it with a fat butt plug that would keep both his
interest and cock up.  I went into the room and took out a thong
of untanned rawhide that I had left soaking in our bathroom
sink. It was pliable and semi-elastic.  I wrapped it around
Paul's nutsac, squeezing his nuts to the very bottom until it
looked like they would burst out if I squeezed any further.  I
then stretched the remainder of the thong to the bottom of the
chaise and tied it off, stretching Paul's nuts to the limit. 
The hot afternoon sun was directly over Paul now and it wouldn't
take too long for the drying rawhide thong to have the desired
effect.  Paul was laying flat on the chaise, legs free and due
to the stretching of his ballsac, his cock was pointing straight
up in the air. 

	Leo liked what he saw and bent over Paul and started sucking
him off.  I moved Leo to the side so that he wouldn't shadow the
rawhide and Terry positioned himself between Leo's legs still
sucking and vibra-fucking his lover.  The vibrator was humming
now on the medium setting and it was starting to drive Leo a
little nuts.  Leo was playing Paul's cock slowly; taking it all
the way down his throat on each stroke.  Meanwhile the sun was
slowly shrinking the rawhide thong stretching ever tighter
between Paul's legs and now pulling relentlessly on his
hairless, exposed testicles.  To complete this four-way
connection, I put one of Leo's free hands on one of the bound
Marine's nipples and the other hand on my erect cock.  Leo
smiled and started pinching and stroking simultaneously.  I was
in position to grab hold of Terry's not too impressive tool
which was very hard even if it wasn't very long (about 5").  We
must have been a sight to see.  Pinching, sucking, stroking,
stretching, writhing, and sweating while we were all getting
closer and closer. It was getting more and more difficult for me
to keep a watchful eye on the rawhide thong, now shrinking
faster as the sun dried it out; which was testing Paul's
	stamina and offering a very intense counterpoint to Leo's
impressive cock sucking.  			Leo suddenly locked up on my cock,
gripping it very hard, arching his back and gave a cry of
release as he blasted his load down Terry's throat.  Leo and
Terry were in sync, which often is the case between men who know
each other's deepest drives.  No sooner had Leo arched his back
than I felt Terry's dick spasm in my hand and erupt.  The two
lover's couldn't have been more than a few seconds off from
spontaneous orgasms (all the more impressive because they
weren't exclusively stimulating one another; but were in the
middle of a four man daisy chain).   The two LA lovers
ejaculated their cum in unison until they were both spent.  

	While Terry deflated the vibrating dildo and was slipping it
out of Leo's ass; I turned all my attention to Paul and the
shrinking rawhide thong which had now shrunk enough to pull the
Marine's erection from perpendicular to off-center and pointing
now more towards his feet.  He was close to being gelded.  There
were tears at the sides of his eyes; but the men of the USMC do
not cry "Uncle"....just HOORAH.  I cut the thong with a knife
and slowly unwrapped it from around Paul's ballsac.  While I was
in the process of freeing this rawhide POW, Leo had his mouth
back on Paul's throbbing shaft and Terry was sucking one of the
Marine's nipples while gently kneading the other.  Leo had also
returned his firm grasp to my solid penis and was milking me
with great expertise.  

	As I loosened the final rings of the rawhide encasing Paul's
nut sac; a very energetic HOORAH came screaming from his mouth. 
As the hot blood rushed back into his scrotum and bathed his
testicles, Paul shot a great load of "Marine milk" into Leo's
mouth, accompanied by a string of HOORAHs that must have been
heard over in 29 Palms.  To my surprise, all of this sexual
stimulation took its course with me also; as Leo stroked me
faster and faster while trying to catch all of Paul's cum; I
blew my load all over Leo's back.  When Terry saw this geyser
splattering onto his lover's back, he was right there to lick it
clean.  All four of us were now spent and sweaty; but smiling.  

	Leo and Terry helped me untie Paul and then we all headed to
the hot tub to enjoy something hot embracing the outside of our
bodies. Terry retrieved the pizza and we almost finished off the
case of beer washing it down.  I haven't had a better "late
lunch"! We finished off the afternoon just lying around and in
the pool getting better acquainted (socially that is).

	The four of us agreed to dinner that night at the bar on Hwy
111 in Cathedral City at 8 PM.   Paul & I stayed by the pool
while Terry & Leo went to their room (which was just off the
pool).  From the slapping and moaning that came from their open
window; it was apparent that some very intense action was taking
place off stage.  I asked Paul if everything had gone all right
during his afternoon fantasy period.   

He just smiled and said:  "What do you think, Sir? - Thank you,
very much for all of this".  I told him that it wasn't over just
yet. When I mentioned that he hadn't paid off for his "shooting
spree" earlier that morning (when he had come without my
permission) - his eyes showed some renewed interest.   I told
him that I wasn't just fooling around when I told him that his
ejaculations were permitted only on cue.  I explained that it
was a part of the structure which we were operating under during
this weekend & that any infraction was a serious one.

"What  should we do about it, Paul?", I asked the naked, pumped
up Marine.  

"I understand, Sir. No excuse, Sir." 

"My discipline is in your hands, Sir."  

I  told him that I wanted to show him off that evening when we
went out & asked if he had any problem with such exhibitionism. 
I explained that he would be going out in a "uniform" of my
choice & that he could expect to lose most of that "uniform"
later in the evening.  There was the possibility that other
Marines from 29 Palms would be at the bars we would visit.  

Paul looked me square in the eyes and said:    "My discipline
and use are completely in your hands, Sir."

	It was now well past 6 PM.  I told the Gunney to go into the
room and shower and to also clean himself out with the portable
shower-shot I had brought along.  After which he was to grease
up his cleaned out asshole and oil down his body with some Kerry
lotion. I stayed out by the pool and lounged for another half
hour.  When I entered our room, Paul was standing in the center
of the living room displaying himself, spread-eagled with his
arms clasped behind his neck, flexing every muscle he had to
flex.  He was rock hard from the tip of his head to the head of
his cock. 

"Ready for inspection, Sir!", was how he greeted me.

He looked like one of those models for the all-male calendars. 

"Bend over from the waist so that you're chest is parallel to
the floor, boy!"  

Paul responded immediately. I ran my hands over his back, down
the crack of his ass, probing his hole (it was well greased and
clean).  I told him to "Recover" and told him that he had
apparently done a good job getting his body ready.  I would make
a few adjustments to the presentation.  I got my straight razor
and in 6 swipes, Paul's armpits were clean shaven.  

"Bend over again, Sgt.," I said and Paul responded immediately.

I took my time shaving his ass and ass crack clear of hair.  His
ass hole stood out now -- loud and clear.  Now it was time for
him to get his head ready.  I told him that on his regular USMC
uniform he wore 4 stripes on his arms to indicate his status.  3
up and 1 rocker.  His status tonight would be indicated by the 6
stripes he'd be displaying on his naked flesh.  A physical
reminder that he had broken the "structure" we had agreed upon
earlier that day by shooting without permission. Paul didn't bat
an eye.  

All he said was: "Reporting for punishment, Sir." 

	He was still standing spread-eageled in the center of the room
with his hands still clasped behind his neck.  I took a wide
leather belt from  my levis & let him look it over.  I pulled it
over his chest, down his back and between his legs.  I told him
not to move and to count out the stripes as they were given to
him to wear.  I laid the first one square across his hairless
butt with gusto.  The crack of the wide black leather belt
against Paul's flesh made a beautiful sound.  It was well laid
on and Paul was equally surprised by the sound as well as the
pain it brought.  

"One Sir!," he grunted. 

I walked to his left side and placed the second stripe just
below pec level across his chest.  Although Paul's chest hairs
blunted the sound and intensity somewhat; it didn't take long
before a very nice wide red stripe could be clearly seen beneath
his pec hairs, running across his chest.

"Two Sir!"

Stripes 3 and 4 were laid criss-cross across Paul's back from
his shoulders down to the kidneys.  It made a very nice red "X"
across his back.

"Three Sir!"  

"Four Sir!"  With an added "Thank you Sir!" that surprised; but
pleased me. 

"You're welcome Gunney.  I hope the last two meet with your
approval." 

Number 5 went across the small of his back and was the best
"crack" yet.

"FIVE Sir!"  Paul exhaled with added emphasis.

That one got his attention. The sixth one would be a moment to
remember.  I stepped back and aimed squarely between Paul's
spread-eageled legs and let fly.  This was the "Unkindest" crack
of all.  It landed just where I had aimed.  The belt caught his
ass crack then his nuts and finally Paul's rock hard cock.  The
tip of the belt just missed the tip of his cockhead; but it left
its calling card almost up to his belly button. 

"Six Sir, Jesus..Thank you SIR!"  Paul yelled.

I had to laugh at that one.

"You're very welcome Gunney."  I told him to take a look at
himself in the mirrors that almost surrounded the room.

The stripes were almost like tattoos.  Two parallels across his
lower back topped off with an "X" well defined across his upper
back. One easily seen across his chest just underlining his
pecs.  The final one was more difficult to see by very well
represented once you caught a glimpse of it coming up from
Paul's crotch to just below his belly.   "That should give you
some status tonight!"

"Yes SIR.  They look great and I'll know they're there
throughout the night.  Thanks Sir!"

		It was time for me to get ready for our evening out.  I took
my shower and had Paul tongue me off afterwards which burnt up
the better part of 40 minutes.  I didn't want him to come so we
stopped short of climax -- just barely.  I put on my leather
pants a white tee shirt with a Yuvari print on it and my black
leather knee boots.  Paul was still naked and I hadn't put
anything out for him. 

"Are you ready to go, Marine?" 

"AHHHH, yes Sir if you say so"

That's what I wanted to hear. CONFIDENCE!, in himself and in me.
 

"Well we'd better cover you up a little bit," I told him. 

I gave him a tight cock ring to put on.  While Paul was fumbling
with getting his camel through the eye of a needle, I laid out a
pair of very soft black leather shorts, white wool socks, his
combat boots and a brief leather vest that matched the shorts.
Paul looked hot.  The shorts were SHORT, meaning that they just
covered him.  When he sat down his nuts were clearly visible and
the tight cock ring pushed his cock almost straight out making
for a very nice genital basket.  The vest didn't cover much
coming down just outside of his nips so that his entire chest
was visible.  

"Ready now slave?" 

"You bet Sir."

	We met Terry and Leo at their room.  Leo had a pair of
well-worn Levis on, complimented by a very hot tank top and
finished off with a pair of construction boots (also well-worn).
 Terry was a sight in a very tight black Lycra wrestling
singlet.  He pulled on a pair of Levis over the singlet and put
on a pair of black Wellingtons..  Terry noticed Paul's "chest
stripe" and asked if  he should ask "why."  I said that it was
OK and told Paul to strip so that our two new friends could see
the full set and to tell Leo and Terry what they signified. 
Paul immediately stripped of his leather shorts and vest and
displayed himself for their benefit.  "Whew, nice work -- how
does it feel Paul?"  Terry asked.

"I'm very proud, Sir"  Paul responded. 

"Nice cock-ring.  Can you breath?"  Leo chuckled.

"Yes Sir, very well, Sir." Paul responded. 

Leo motioned Terry to the side of the room and whispered
something to him.  

"Great idea," Terry responded.

 Leo came up to me and said:  "Frank, Terry and I picked up
something in Las Vegas that we'd like to give to you and Paul --
we can't think of any pair who would put it to better use." 

Terry opened one of their suitcases, retrieved a long slender
box  and handed it to me.  "With our regards, gents!", Terry
said.

When I saw what it was, I smiled and said:  "Thank you both,
that's very thoughtful and I'm sure that Paul will be especially
pleased." 

Paul was still in his display position so I walked over to him,
took the contents of the box out and handed it to him. 

"What do you think, slave?  Shall we honor our new friends' gift
by having you carry it in you tonight?"

The box contained a moderately long; but very thick black butt
plug.

"I'd be honored, Sir!  Thank you, Gentlemen!"  was Paul's
genuine reply.

He instinctively bent over at the waist, spread his legs as wide
as he could, pointed his toes inward and waited for the
insertion.  Since Terry and Leo had been thoughtful enough to
complete Paul's evening attire, I thought it entirely
appropriate for them to plug him. 

"Which of you would like to do the honors?", I asked. 

"It was Leo's idea," Terry said.  "Besides, I want to watch this
Marine hunk's face as he takes it ." 

I gave the plug to Leo.

"He's already well greased-up, Leo so feel free to ram away.", I
said.

Leo took the plug from me and walked around to Paul's front. 

"Suck it, Marine!", he ordered. 

Paul had some trouble getting the plug's girth into his mouth;
but he sucked on it until he got it all in.  Leo worked it
around in his mouth.  When it was good and slippery from Paul's
spit, Leo popped it out of his mouth and walked around to his
exposed and vulnerable butt hole.  Leo wasted no time.  He
stroked Paul's crack with the plug twice, stopping at his anus. 
Terry put his hands on Paul's naked shoulders for balance and
bent down to look into Paul's face.  Leo seized that moment to
ram the plug up Paul's butt hole in one assertive motion. 

"Ahhhhhhhh", Paul screamed out as the plug expanded his
sphincter to its maximum stretch.  

"Thank you, Sir" , he added when he caught his breath. 

"Nice work," I said.

"How does it feel, Gunney"

"Full, Sir, very full!"

	We all laughed at Paul's good nature and complimented him on
his taking it like a man.  I told Paul to recover and put his
shorts and vest on.  When he stood up straight all dressed (and
plugged), there was a very definite bulge in his crotch.  The
plug was having an effect.  Good!  I thought,  very good!!   We
all left the Motel, piled into the rented Lincoln and drove to
our first stop.  Dinner! Paul was the Chauffeur.

*****

	When we arrived the small dinning room was full so we opted to
go out onto the patio for dinner.  Both Terry and Paul were
getting a lot of looks from the patrons as well as the staff.  
This bar was the original all male bar in Palm Springs.  Over
the many years of its existence, it had seen just about every
display of masculine pulcritude possible.  It always gave off an
aura of appreciation and respect for those men who chose to
display themselves, stripped to their barest libidos.   Paul and
Terry's display gained no less recognition.  After a very fine
dinner, complimented by good company and a free bottle of wine
from the staff; the four of us adjourned to the front bar.  

	Paul asked if he could put his name on the Chalk Board for a
game of  pool.  I said that if he understood that he would be
playing to uphold the honor and pride of the USMC as well as to
honor the bond we had established this weekend; that it would be
OK.  He said that he understood and that he would play the best 
game of pool he had ever played.  I gave him a warning of dire
consequences should he fail.  We were enjoying a round of after
dinner brandy when Paul's name came up.  He deposited his
quarters to retrieve the balls, racked them up and walked over
to pick out a good cue.  Needless to say a lot of male eyes (as
well as imaginations) were turned in his direction.  His
opponent was apparently a regular of the bar and came over to
Paul to shake hands.  They exchanged a few words and the other
guy broke the rack.  

	Paul played very well; but so did his opponent.  Midway through
the match, Paul asked if he could remove his vest so that it
wouldn't be in his way for a long shot.  I said OK.  When he
stripped off the vest and handed it to me there was an audible
"OOOOOhhhhhhh" throughout the now large crowd that had gathered
around the table.  Paul's discipline stripes had taken on a
bright, deep red hue and stood out very well.  He leaned across
the table for the shot and picked up his left leg for better
balance.  The leather shorts didn't offer much cover and both of
his nuts slipped out into plain view.  The ogling didn't bother
Paul.  He sank a difficult shot.   They were down to two balls
each.  Paul was shooting and sunk the first one, then the second
one.  All that remained was for him to sink the eight ball with
a relatively easy side pocket shot.  He missed!  Paul looked
squarely over to me and with a smile on his face, winked!  His
opponent cleared the board and won the match. 

"Nice going, slave"  I said. 

"I could have won it, Sir."   Paul responded as he returned to
my side.

"I lost on purpose!  I'll have to earn the Corp's and your honor
and pride back - won't I Sir!" 

This wasn't a challenge; but a direct request to be punished for
a willful act of disrespect.   "That you will, shithead -- That
you will!"  I responded to him.

This muscular, nearly naked Marine was telling me that so far
the weekend had all come too easy and that he wanted a chance to
prove his worth as a man through willfully assaulting honor and
pride.   That's why he had smiled and winked at me just before
deliberately missing his winning shot.  He knew that the penance
and retribution that I would meet out would fit the
circumstances.  Paul also knew that if he was able to win back 
pride and honor through submitting as a man's man would submit -
to whatever punishment I dealt out -  he would then form a
stronger bond with me than we had at this moment. 

"You can start earning it right now, shithead -- get on your
knees and clean my boots with your tongue -- right here and now
if front of all these gentlemen so that they can participate in
the beginning of your ordeal to regain the honor and pride you
so casually through away on that pool table!" 

Paul dropped immediately and began licking his tongue around the
souls of my knee-highs.  The Marine slave kept it up with
enthusiasm until both boots were done. It took him almost 30
minutes. As many in the bar watched my slave's debasement, I
dribbled some brandy on each boot whenever he seemed to be going
dry in the mouth.  My boots never had a better spit shine.  When
he had finished, I bent down and took hold of both tits and
pulled him to his feet.  I worked his nipples hard, twisting,
pinching and pulling.  I knew it hurt; but he didn't utter a
sound throughout the 10 min. nipple workout.  I pulled him close
to me still holding on tightly to his now very sore and tender
tits.

"You've just started, shithead.  That will be your name  -
shithead until you prove to me that you're worthy of regaining a
slave name.  You're going to do everything I tell you to do
without a moment's hesitation.  I'm not going to play any games
with you, shithead.  This is serious.  We're trying to repair
and rebuild here.  That's going to take work, sweat, pain and
focus.  I won't make it easy for you.  Do you understand me,
shithead?"  

Paul got the message.  "Yes, Sir!", he said and swallowed hard. 

"You're not alone in this, shithead!", I said. 

To make sure that he understood, I covered his mouth with mine
and kissed him hard and deep for a couple of minutes - all the
time working his tits very hard.  When I had finished, Paul
looked at me with moist, clear eyes and whispered:

"Yes Sir, Thank you Sir for the opportunity!"

With that, our party of four left and headed for a bar just
around the corner.

	This popular Hot Spot was getting crowded when we arrived
around 11 PM. After parking the car, Paul opened the doors for
us and stood by my side with head bowed.  I told him to open the
trunk; that there was something in there that I wanted to
retrieve.  Paul's eyes went wide for a second because he knew
that his clothes were still locked up there.  Was I going to
tell him to get dressed and get lost?  He didn't hesitate but
went to the trunk, unlocked it and stood back waiting for me to
come up beside him.  I told Terry and Leo that we would join
them inside.  They said OK; but Terry wanted to strip off his
Levis and just wear his singlet and boots into the bar.  He left
his Levis with us.  They would be safe in the trunk.     Terry
looked very hot in this tight, revealing and scanty costume.  It
highlighted everything that should have been highlighted on his
body and exposed all the rest.   

	When they had departed, I turned to Paul.  "Strip!"  was all I
said and Paul was almost instantaneously butt-ass naked.  He
only had to strip off the leather shorts; but the speed with
which he shucked off his combat boots and socks was really
impressive. 

"Retrieve it all and put it into the trunk," I ordered.

Paul complied and then stood there in the parking lot behind the
Lincoln completely naked except for the cock right and butt
plug. 

"Open that leather travel bag over there next to your things," I
said.

In the bag was an assortment of  leather / S&M oriented objects. 

"Take that studded collar and put it around your neck,
shithead."  

"Yes, Sir!" Paul responded and retrieved the collar putting it
around his neck. 

I took out a lock and locked it in place.  It fit perfectly. 

"Now give me one of those leather thongs."  I took the 2 foot
thong from Paul.

"Spread your legs, shithead."  Paul complied.  

I squatted down in front of him and began to fashion a ball
separator and nut stretcher out of the thong.  The cock ring
that Paul had on pushed his genitals out so that adding the
thong harness really restricted his organs to a max-stretched
out and separated state.  As I was tying the thong into place
another car drove into the parking lot.  The two guys parked the
car, got out and came over to see what was going on. Paul didn't
flinch or pull back one bit from this obviously embarrassing
exhibition.

"Nice evening, Huh?" One of them said.

I replied:  "Very nice, indeed.  I'm just squaring this shithead
slave away before we go in - hope it doesn't offend ya."  

"Not at all, man.  Looks good from here -- lucky slave to have
someone care that much about him.  See ya inside. My name's Tony
and my lover's name is Chris." 

I shook their hands and introduced Paul who shook hands too with
no embarrassment whatsoever at his nakedness or vulnerability. 
I finished up the thong harness and squeezed his nuts a few
times to make sure that everything was stretched out good and
tight.

"Now, in that zippered case you'll find a studded black leather
posing strap.  Get it and hand it to me."

Paul unzipped the case and found the object I wanted.  He handed
it to me.  It was a very soft black leather posing strap with an
adjustable leather thong to secure it.  The pouch was covered in
star shaped steel studs.

"You're going to be a star tonight, shithead. Put this on!"

As soon as Paul had the strap in place, I tightened up the thong
holding it in place so as to make sure that the butt plug was
held firmly in place.  I wanted the whole get-up to provide a
tight fit in order to set off Paul's bound genitals.  There was
also an added torture waiting for Paul in the pouch's lining. 
He had quite a surprise when I tightened up the thong.  I hadn't
told him that three prongs on each of the star studs had been
left open and were waiting to stab into whatever was placed
inside the strap. There were about 50 or so sharp prongs inside
that handsome leather strap just waiting to caress Paul's tender
and tightly stretched balls and cock.  He gasped in a chestfull
of air when I tightened it up.  

"You'll find that as you move around tonight, this little black
strap will be constantly torturing your worthless cock and
balls, shithead!" 

"Thank you Sir, for the challenge!" was Paul's acceptance.

"They won't cut into you - just prick you constantly - they only
cut if someone should try to feel you up - like this!"  I
grasped Paul's pouch and gently squeezed.  "AAAAHHHHHH, Sir, Yes
Sir, Thank you Sir."  was all Paul could gasp out in response.

I told Paul to do five deep knee bends so that I could make sure
that the dildo rammed up his butt would be held in place by the
thong.  It was well anchored and the exercises moved Paul's cock
and balls around inside of his "pouch from hell" so that he
gritted his teeth and moaned.

"Good, everything is in place", I said.  "Whenever you want to
wimp-out on me, shithead, just tell me and I'll replace that
little pouch.  The trick is that you won't know what I'll
replace it with.  Maybe something worse, maybe with your own
clothes.  Do you understand my meaning, shithead?"

Paul looked me squarely in the eye and with a very sincere as
well as a very strong resolve said:  

"Yes Sir, it's on till you take it off or replace it with
whatever you think best SIR!" 

Since California has this strange law about prohibiting bare
feet in bars, I gave Paul a pair of black leather Indian
moccasins to put on his feet.  I slipped a black leather hood
over his head with eye, nose and mouth openings only.  I
finished off Paul's costume by hooking up a black leather leash
to his collar and leading him into the bar.  We made an entrance!

	Throughout the evening, Paul stood straight, shoulders squared
and walked with the authority of a Marine (enduring the gnawing
and pricking of his cock and balls by the prongs).  No one would
have known the very real pain and discomfort he was in.  I
unhooked his leash when we got to the back bar and fastened it
on my left side, through a belt loop.  We found Terry and Leo on
the back patio.  They had run into some friends from LA and
introduced us around. Tony and Chris (from the parking lot
encounter) came up too and joined what was now a substantial
mass of men in Leather, Levis and skin.  Terry and Paul were
attracting a lot of attention.  Terry was more muscular and
defined than Paul; but Paul was a sight to behold.  His butt
plug was visible to the knowledgeable and his near nakedness was
well appreciated by everyone who took in his action.  His full
head leather hood also heightened the air of mystery about him. 
There were a few gropes (as I had hoped there would be) which
got the proper response of tightened muscles and a faint groan;
but that was all Paul would admit to.  He held up very well.
That is until Terry suggested that we get into the music and
dance.  

	I thought that was an excellent idea and motioned Paul to come
out onto the floor with me.  He walked straight out to meet me. 
We gyrated and jiggled, thrust and bumped for about an hour. 
Paul's hide was covered in a very healthy sweat.  I knew his
crotch was drenched in sweat too and that the abrasions were
getting a little extra bight from the salt in that sweat.  There
was no audible indication throughout the dancing that with every
jiggle or thrust he was rasping his nuts and cock across a score
of steel teeth.  He gave it his all.  I had to admit, Paul was
earning my respect and establishing a tight bond.  Finally, I
needed the coolness of the back patio.  We left the dance floor.
I took Paul into my arms and pressed my body tightly next to his
turning him around from front to back to front again.  I was
absorbing his sweat and letting him know that I appreciated what
he was doing.  I poked my tongue through the hood's mouth slit
and gave him another deep kiss while holding his crotch sack.  I
squeezed just hard enough to let him know that I was there.  

"You're doing just fine, boy!  You're not -shithead- anymore,
boy.  Keep it up and we'll be tight in no time."  

Paul's eyes glistened through the black leather hood's eye
slits.  He  looked genuinely moved and showed the rebirth of the
pride and honor that we were attempting to reconstruct through
his ordeal.  He laid his head on my chest and said:  "You don't
know what this means to me, Sir.  I'm in your debt.  Thank you,
Sir"  					I gave him the keys to the car and told him to go out
and open up the trunk.	He'd find a towel to dry himself off
with.  He was also to strip off his hood and spiked crotch
prison and pick out whatever he felt appropriate to wear.  He
acknowledged and asked I wanted anything from the bar before I
left.  I ordered two beers.  Paul retrieved the beers and left
for the parking lot.  Terry came over and asked if there was
anything wrong.  I said no, and then Terry wondered if Paul
should go to the parking lot alone looking like a sweaty
gladiator just out of the Arena.  There were a lot of wolves out
on the prowl.  Good point.  I asked if Terry would mind keeping
an eye on him and he said that he'd like to and followed Paul
out into the parking lot.

     Fifteen minutes later, Paul and Terry returned to the back
patio.  Paul had replace his hood and prickly posing pouch with
a plain white jock.  He was carrying a towel and something else
that I couldn't make out.  The surprise was Terry.  He had taken
off his singlet and was now wearing the posing pouch which Paul
had just vacated.  He was getting the full effect on his balls
and cock.  I laughed when they got to us on the patio.  

"Great idea -- who suggested it Paul or you, Terry?"  

"I did," Leo said.  

"Something about that pouch that's a real turn on.  You look
great, baby." Leo said to his lover.   

"How does it fit, Terry, see any stars yet?"  I inquired with a
slap to his crotch.  "AAAAAAHHHHHH - real sharp, thank you.  Yes
I see those stars now!"  Terry responded backing up.  

He looked over at Paul and said:  "I can't believe you wore this
little nightmare all night and danced in it too.  Jesus!"  

Leo looked puzzled and asked "What's going on - I don't get it!"
 

I suggested that Leo grope his lover and it would become clear. 
Leo started towards Terry and Terry started backing up towards
the other end of the patio and said:  

"No, baby - no groping - Just come over here and I'll show you
the secret charm of this little number which our friend Paul
over there wore all night.  You won't believe it!"   

"I love it" was Leo's response when Terry pulled the front of
the pouch out so that his mate had a good look inside.  When Leo
had fingered some of the sharp prongs, he looked at Terry and
suggested:

"You ought to do one of your posing routines for us in that --
how about it Big Boy?"  "Yea, Yea -- show it off, Terry!"  was
Paul's contribution.

I just laughed.

"Well OK, USMC, if you can do it for a couple of hours, I can do
it for a posing routine."

Tony and Chris got some chairs together and put a flat board on
top for a stage.  While this was taking place I asked Paul if
there had been any cuts on his dick or nuts.  He pulled down the
jock he was wearing so that I could inspect his still tightly
bound genitals.  

"No Sir. Nothing serious.  A few pricks broke the surface; but
as you can see no serious  bleeding.  There was one little spot
on the inside of the pouch; but I think it was an old stain not
from me."  

I confirmed his supposition and told him to spread his legs so
that I could undo the thong I had tied around his cock and
balls.  He complied and in a minute or two he was free from the
thong.  The blood rushing back into his crotch produced a sharp
pain that elicited a gasp from Paul; but it also produced a
raging hard or that he couldn't hide very well with his jock. 
Terry was already up on the impromptu stage and posing. 
Accompanied with a few "Ouchs," "Ows" and "Ah fucks" he did a
good job of showing himself off (which was impressive) to the
crowd.  He finished the show by yelling:  

"This thing is too much, here Paul, take it back -- more power
to you!"  Terry said as he stripped the pouch off and tossed it
back to Paul.  Terry finished his posing demo in the raw, and a
very impressive show it was.  He had a very buffed out and
well-defined physique and the combination of this muscle man
displaying himself for everyone and doing it butt naked brought
the house down.  As Terry finished, Paul took the towel he had
brought in from the car and first wiped the sweat off of me from
the evenings' activities and then took the towel up to Terry so
that he could cover himself and save the bar's management from
any problems from the vice squad.    

	When Paul returned from the stage, he had in his hand what I
had been unable to see when he came back from the parking lot. 
It was a black leather full torso harness.  It had a crotch
attachment that included an attached dildo that was fatter and
longer than the considerable one Paul had been carrying all
night.  

"Sir, you asked me to bring back whatever I thought appropriate.
 Well this jock was just to get into the bar with.  This is
really what I'd feel most proud to wear for you"  Paul handed me
the harness.   

I called out to Terry to join us.  "Nice show, Terry.  Paul has
asked me to insert a more challenging plug into his ass and
since Leo put your gift into him, I thought it appropriate for
you to pull it out."  

"My pleasure" Terry said and turned to Paul.  "Care to join me
in the men's room, little man?"  

"After you, Muscleman!" was Paul's reply as they both headed for
the men's room.

Once in the tiny men's room, Terry commanded Paul to:  "Bend
over, boy and spread 'em."  Paul complied and Terry took hold of
the butt plug and started playing it around inside of Paul's
ass.    He had Paul moaning heavily when he started to slowly
pull it out. He got it out to where the nub was about to pass
Paul's sphincter and then shoved it back in.  Terry really
enjoyed Paul's reaction of grunts, groans to this session of
impromptu ass hole calisthenics. He kept the almost out  -- 
rammed back in motion up for a few moments until Paul was nearly
crazed by this long dormant mass now fucking him.  Then at just
the right moment, Terry pulled the butt plug straight out
accompanied with a big, gulping suction sound.  Paul stayed bent
over until Terry told him to recover.  His jock was stretched
straight out from his crotch indicating a raging hard-on and was
also soaked with pre-cum.  They were back with us in the back
patio in just a few moments.  Terry waving the fat, black dildo
over his head like a trophy.  

"Did you shoot, boy?" I asked Paul. 

"God Sir, it was hard but I held it!"  

I could tell from the size of his jock stretch that he was still
just on the edge of a climax.  "Careful now, boy; you've done
just fine up to now.  Don't loose it.  Hold it till I tell you!"
 

"Yes Sir" Paul responded.  

Terry gave Paul a big kiss and handed him the butt plug that  up
until a few moments ago had been his asshole's constant
companion for the evening.  

"You've got a good man there, Frank." Terry said to me.  

I let Paul recover for a few moments.  

"How are feeling, boy?"  I asked.  

"However you want me to feel, Sir." was Paul's reply.  

"I want you to feel full, boy -- come over here." Paul came up
close to me.  

I started putting him into the harness.  It took only a few
moments until I was arranging the crotch piece and adjusting its
tightness.

Terry, Leo, Chris and Tony formed a circle aroun Paul and I so
that I could arrange his cock and balls with some privacy from
the crowd on the back patio.  

"Bend over, boy and spread em!"  

When Paul was bent and spread, I pulled the jock down around his
ankles and then examined his ass hole.  Still moist and well
greased -- that other plug must have worked him just right.  I
turned Paul around and stood him up so that I could fit his cock
and balls into the harness' cock ring and ball spreader.  It was
a simpler device than the leather thong which Paul had been
restricted in all night; but it was just as tight and severe.  I
turned him around and told him to bend over.    

	I had Paul suck on the new butt plug for a few moments and then
hand it to me through his spread-eagled legs.  I massaged his
hole with the new larger plug  and started a steady pressure on 
it to begin the process of ramming it home.  Paul groaned and
grunted till I told him to shut up -- then there was silence --
not a peep from the Marine.  It took a few moments of effort and
Paul was sweating heavily again; but the plug finally  began to
enter Paul's anus and with a few extra pushes, it slid in all
the way to the hilt.  Paul straightened out his back; but
remained bent at the waist. I locked his new ass hole tormentor
into place in the harness.   I told Paul to recover. 

	When he stood up Paul's cock was rock hard.  I told him  to
step out of the jock.  It would be useless to contain this huge
errection.   The combination of the tight cock ring & ball
separator  in conjunction with the wider, deeper seated butt
plug produced an enormous erection for Paul.  I knew that this
particular body harness would sustain his sexual peak for a
longer time than normal harnesses permitted.   Its tightness was
also designed to deny its wearer a climax.  I think Paul had an
inkling of that too.  He didn't know that there was an
attachment back in the trunk of the car that would send an
electrical stimulus to his prostate through the butt plug and
arouse him involuntarily whenever I wanted him sufficiently hot.
 It would drive him to a point where he would do anything for a
sexual climax.     

	The front of the harness had a small cod piece that attached to
the cockring so that the wearers cock and balls were covered --
just barely.  With some effort, I tugged at both the cod piece
and my slave's gigantic cock; but eventually was able to get the
cod piece into place and stood back to admire the man and the
harness.  The codpiece looked more like a condom stretched to
its' breaking point than a genital cup.

	I'd finished Paul's new costume just as the bartenders were
yelling out "last call". Paul and I  joined the mass exodus from
the patio.  When Paul and I reached the car, Terry and Leo were
waiting for us.   They told us that a few of the men we had met
in the bar would be joining us at the Motel for a little Hot
Tubing and "whatever".  Paul wasn't the least bit self-conscious
driving through Cathedral City and Palm Springs in his harness. 
He said that he liked the feel of the leather seats on his
plugged ass.  When we reached the Motel,  Paul opened the trunk
so that Terry could retrieve his singlet and Levis.  Tony and
Chris were waiting at the locked gate. We all went in and those
who were still clothed, stripped down and got into the Hot Tub
(which was big enough for about 10 men.)  

	It cools off dramatically in the desert at night, even in the
summer and the hot jets of water playing over my body would feel
great.  Terry slipped into a pair of shorts and went out to a
7/11 for some beer and munchies.  Paul was standing,  as a good
Marine should, at parade rest in front of the gate to our patio.
 

"Your night isn't over yet, boy!" I told him as I went into our
suite to retrieve a few pieces of equipment that would add some
zest to Paul's upcoming ordeal.  I stripped down in the bedroom,
retrieved a pool towel and the implements I wanted and returned
to the pool area.  The fence that surrounded the compound was of
solid red-wood up to a height of some 8 feet and then was topped
off with a 1 foot lattice.  It was well built.  I motioned Paul
to join me over at that portion of the fence behind the Hot Tub.
 I secured two fleece-lined,  leather restraint cuffs to his
wrists and two similar cuffs to his ankles.  There were two
solid support posts about six feet apart which were just perfect
for securing Paul spread-eagled against the fence. I stretched
and secured his arms and legs by tying leather straps to the
cuffs and then tying them off onto the posts. Paul was stretched
and secured and vulnerable.  

	I had also retrieved the electrical stimulator apparatus for
the butt plug.  It was a simple connection, attaching at the
base of the plug.   Ample power was supplied by two nine volt
batteries connected to a rheostat which allowed an infinite
selection of power surges to be generated through the plug and
into Paul's ass - most notably to his prostate.  It would prod
him into an erection whenever the operator wanted.  The compact
control box also had a vibrating function as well as a neat
little function that enlarged and shrunk the shaft and head of
the plug at varying rates of speed.  The whole setup had cost me
a substantial chunk of money when I had it constructed by an
electronic wizard (with a wry sense of humor) in New York City. 
It had only been utilized once before at a demonstration at the
Mineshaft so that I could get used to its' operation.   The
apparatus took all voluntary control of a man's sexual
stimulation  away from the individual and placed it in the hands
of whoever operated the controls.  It would stimulate, fuck,
arouse and punish whoever was attached to its' controls.  Paul
was attached and I was at the controls.

	I announced to the men present that Paul had willfully
transgressed against the bonds and environment that we had set
up and that he had been undergoing varying punishment ordeals
throughout the evening.  It was now time for him to show all
present what he was made of, how much he regretted his bad
behavior and how deeply he wanted to regain the honor and pride
he had disgraced.  I gave a brief description of how Paul was
restrained and attached to the device.  I gave them a brief
demonstration of the ample power of the stimulator stuck up his
ass by giving Paul a quick jolt.  He involuntarily jumped in his
bonds, tensing and flexing every muscle in his body.  What a
show! Everyone was impressed.    

I turned to Paul and said:  "Boy, earlier today, you shot-off
for yourself without my permission.  I told you then that you
would come for me later.  This is the time.  However, you won't
be able to control your stimulation, arousal or climax -- I
will! Whatever else occurs to you in the next few hours is an
opportunity for you to show me how much you want to regain you
honor and pride as a man, as a Marine and as my  man's man."   

I explained to the rest of the men that the object of this
ordeal would not be to subject Paul to any electrotorture; but
rather to continually and at random arouse him to the peak of
male sexual eroticism.  I wanted to make him climax as many
times as possible.  I wanted him involuntarily milked dry.  They
could stimulate him any way they wanted -- with or without this
machine intruding into his asshole.  Terry returned just as I
was about to begin the first demo of the machine's power, so we
all had cold beer, a hot tub and a hot man about to endure his
ordeal.

	All eyes were on Paul's stretched-out physique awaiting his
reactions as I began  to navigate the electrical stimuli inside
his butt.  Slowly and surely I increased the electrical
stimulation of his prostate until his dick was hard enough to
cut diamonds.  Paul was writhing in his bondage and working up a
sweat.  I kept the stimulation up while slowly engaging the
plugs vibrating and enlarging functions.  Paul was moaning and
groaning, squirming and thrusting.  He couldn't control himself
or his reactions to this foreign operator.  It was an incredibly
stimulating sight for all of us.  We were all rock hard watching
this Marine hunk being brought to an artificially induced
climax.   

Chris leaned over to me and asked:  "Can you hold him there for
a minute, I've got something that would be just right."  

"Certainly," I said -- "go for it." 

Chris hopped out of the Hot Tub and went out to his car
(sporting an very nice 9" erection).  He returned in just a
minute with two alligator tit clamps each with a half pound
weight attached.  He asked if it was OK to attach them to Paul's
tits.  I said definitely.  Paul hadn't noticed anyone for the
past five minutes.  His eyes were closed and he was deep inside
himself experiencing this new intense stimulation over which he
had no control.  When Chris started sucking on his nipples, Paul
opened his eyes and took in this crowd of men all getting off on
his ordeal.  He looked over at me and smiled.  

"How am I doing, Sir?"  

"Just fine, boy, just fine!"  

Chris had worked Paul's tits to full hardness and now laid his
mouth over Paul's and started deep kissing him.  As Chris had
Paul slobbering for more kissing, he slowly brought his hands
down to Paul's hairless left tit.  Chris worked it between his
fingers while still keeping Paul's mouth occupied and without
any warning clamped the alligator clamp onto the sensitive
nipple.  I could see Paul jump and hear a muffled moan; but
Chris kept his mouth over Paul's continuing to deep kiss him. 
To heighten the sensation, I gave Paul another quick jolt and
increased the vibrations on his prostate.  Paul was swinging his
head back and forth so Chris stopped the kissing and just paid
attention to preparing Paul's right tit to receive its nasty
tormentor.  Chris put the tit clamp right in front of Paul's
face so he could see what was about to bite into his right
nipple.  Chris opened and closed the clamp showing it's teeth in
a chomping motion.  He moved it down Paul's chest and toyed with
his right tit for a few seconds before placing the heavy duty
clamp squarely on Paul's right nipple.  

"AAAAAGGGGGGHHHHH!" was all Paul could scream out.  

	I increased the entire anal stimulation so that Paul was
swinging in his bonds.  Now every time Paul moved, the tit
clamps bit into his tender nipples so that he was torn between
the ecstasy in his ass and the torment on his chest.  I kept
this "Black Ballet" increasing in intensity until Paul's
physiology took over and he heaved in an involuntary climax.
Waves of milky white cum blasted out of his nuts and erupted
from his pulsating solid penis.  Paul was dripping wet with sex
sweat, his chest  pounding with sexual eroticism  and his empty
cock still contracting in the act of ejaculation. I turned the
controls down to a soft purr, put them on a table and walked up
to Paul.  

"That was mine, Gunney!  - you won't cum again without  my
permission will you?"  

When Paul heard the word "Gunney." he almost burst out of his
bondage,  

"Oh Man, Thank you, Sir.  No Sir, I won't cum again without your
permission.  I'm all yours, Sir!  Thank you Sir!"

I embraced his taut form and kissed him.

		"Your evening isn't over yet, Sgt.  I'm going to let any of
these men who want  do whatever he has a mind to with you -- and
YOU WILL PERFORM LIKE MY MAN AND A MARINE!  Understood?"    

"Understood, Sir.  Thank you Sir. I won't let US down"  Paul
responded accentuating the "US". 

"One more thing, Gunney -- I want these men to milk you dry so
feel free to blast your nuts off whenever you need to." 

"I appreciate that Sir, Thank you , Sir."

	I returned to the Hot  Tub.  Well, Gentlemen, he's all yours. 
Anything within reason -- just remember I want him milked dry! 
That was the only prodding that I needed to give.  Tony and
Chris were out of the Tub in no time flat and both licking
Paul's sweat and stroking his body.  Chris  removed the tit
clamps to an accompanying cry of relief from Paul.  Tony took
the left tit and Chris the right one -- both sucking, licking,
chewing and nipping at will.  Leo and Terry joined them,
choosing to stimulate the lower areas of Paul's body.  Leo took
Paul's flaccid cock into his mouth and started sucking while
Terry retrieved the control box and while manipulating the
controls got underneath Leo, between Paul's legs and started
licking and sucking on his nuts.  It didn't take very long
before Paul was up and running again.  The attention of these
four men and the machine couldn't be denied.  Paul gave out a
deep, throaty "HOORAH" and let go his second load in just under
15 minutes.  Leo caught the goodies and swallowed the cum. Terry
wasn't too pleased with that so he gave Paul a very sharp and
intense jolt of electricity up his ass which forced him to buck
forward and almost impale Leo on his throbbing cock.  We all
laughed.

	The control box got a good workout for the next hour and a
half.  The other guys brought Paul to climax  nine times.  By
the time Paul reached his seventh climax, he was begging us to
stop the agony.  Even the slightest touch to his nipples or,
worse yet, his cock and balls brought extreme discomfort to the
sweat drenched warrior.  The Marine was spent; but still his
body couldn't resist the arousing stimulation of the machine. 
His last two ejaculations were dry; but nonetheless full
powered. His cock and nuts were spasming and contracting; but
Paul's well was dry.  He was crying unashamedly now to be taken
down, so Terry and I released him from his bondage and brought
him to the hot tub in our arms.  

	I took off the harness and pulled the butt plug out of his ass.
 Paul was wobbly to be sure.  We helped him into the hot tub and
gave him a first class rubdown -- and three cold beers! 
"Welcome back, Gunney.!" I said.  

"What a trip, Sir!  Am I back in your good graces, Sir?" Paul
responded.  

"Relax, Paul, you're back!" It was now almost  5 AM and most of
the participants

had gone their separate ways.  Terry and Leo excused themselves
and after big juicy kisses and bear hugs all around they
stumbled off to their room.  Paul and I were alone.  "How are
you doing, Marine?"   

"Just fine, Sir -- a little bushed, but really more stoked than
anything.  Thank you, Sir for everything you did for me this
weekend."  

"My pleasure, Paul!"       

We floated around in the pool for about a half hour -- hugging,
kissing and holding each other close by.  

"How about one last bare-ass jog, Sgt.? There's just about
enough time to get a mile in.  Are you game?" 

"Lead the way, Sir." was all Paul replied. 	

 There would be one last exercise for this Marine.  I tied a
leather thong around his cock and balls, then criss-crossed it
around his nut-sac to separate his balls, wound it down his nut
sac to stretch his balls to the end and finally secured a 5#
weight at the end.  

"Let's go, Paul!"  

I slipped on a pair of  Speedos that someone had left by the
pool and as a final gesture, hooked the black leather leash to
the leather thong encircling Paul's genitals and we were out the
gate. I got on the bike and led him down the street at a trot,
the 5# weight swinging freely between his hefty thighs as he
jogged.  I had hoped that there would be at least one person out
and about to catch a glimpse of this sight; but no such luck. 
20 minutes later, we were back at the Motel.  

"Good boy," I said.  

"Thank you, Sir.  That was an experience, Sir.  Marine Corps PT
will never be the same."  I undid the leather thong and
releasing the 5# weight and Paul and I both dove into the pool
to cool off and relax.  We floated around till the dawn crept
over the fence.  

"I think we both could use a little shut-eye; lets hit the sack
for a few hours."  

"Sounds good to me, Sir."  

We both slipped out of the pool, toweled off and went into our
bedroom.  There were a few kisses and hugs before we both fell
asleep.  Our naked bodies entwined.

	Paul and I slept deeply until just after noon.   Paul stirred
first and gently got himself out of bed.  He went into the
bathroom and jumped into the shower.  He cleaned himself up --
inside and out.   He took special care to shave those parts of
his body that I had shaved during the weekend.  After passing
the water out of his bowels from his douching, he greased
himself up and quietly returned to our bed.  He put his arms
around me and gave me a big hug that woke me up. 

 "Good morning, Sir, how did you sleep," he said.

 All I did was to turn into him, moan and give him a deep kiss. 
I felt his still damp body and explored all the shaved areas
ending with my index finger up his ass.  

"Good boy, Gunney -- by the feel of things, you've been busy
getting yourself ready for a brand new day"

"I wanted to be ready for whatever you wanted, when you woke up,
Sir"

"I'll bet your ass feels empty without some big plug shoved up
there, doesn't it?"

"Yes, Sir, now that you mention it, I do have a feeling that
something big is missing."

"Well, let's not let all your preparations go to waste, Gunney;
get down there between my legs and see if you can arouse my dick
sufficiently to satisfy that vacant asshole of yours!"

Paul was between my legs in an instant; his wet, warm mouth
encasing my still limp dick.  He started inserting his tongue
between the head of my dick and the foreskin.  Paul then started
a slow rotating motion, drawing his tongue all the way around my
cockhead while keeping it between my foreskin and head.  It felt
great.  In no time, I was beginning to respond and Paul took his
tongue from administering to my cockhead to licking up and down
the shaft.  He alternated this shaft licking with nibbling on my
foreskin.  The combination was erotic as hell and soon had me
fully extended.  Paul finished off this foreplay with a few deep
throat swallows.  We were both ready.

"Go over to that black leather gym bag and retrieve four of the
1 inch wide soft black leather thongs."

Paul jumped off the bed and went to the bag where he found the
straps I wanted.  Stimulating my cock had produced a raging
erection on Paul too.

"Is this what you wanted, Sir," Paul asked while holding up the
four strips for me to see.

"They're the ones.  Bring them over to me Paul."

Paul handed them to me, then he went to the foot of the bed and
stood at Parade Rest.

"On your back, on the bed, boy."  I ordered.

Paul laid down belly and hard-on up.  I took the straps around
to the foot of the bed so that I was facing the prone, worked up
Marine.  

"Sit up, knees bent."

Paul sat up and bent his knees.  I took his left arm and tied it
to his left leg -- wrist to ankle and elbow to knee.  I repeated
the same scenario on his right arm & leg.  Paul was secured now.
 It was a rocking chair position.  If I wanted him on his back I
just pushed him backward and he would fall into a ready-to-fuck
position with his legs spread and up.  His asshole was wide
open.  If I wanted him to suck my cock, I used his tits to pull
him forward and he was right in position to take my now rock
hard dick into his mouth and down his throat.  Whatever I
wanted, Paul was hamstrung into position by these leather straps
securing his arms and legs.  

"Looking good, Marine."

"Thank you, Sir; I'm feeling good and hot."

"Let's test this little device out."  I said.  

I picked up a pair of the Jap tit clamps that had a chain
attached and fixed them onto Paul's hard nipples.  He was
groaning already.  This Gunny was ready!

I pushed him back and Paul fell into place.  Legs spread.  Arms
secured.  Butt hole exposed.  I pulled his legs forward in order
to position his butt on the end of the bed so that I'd have a
better avenue of thrust for my penis to ram its thick head and 8
inch shaft home.  I took hold of the tit clamp chain and started
a very slow but steady insertion.  I pulled on the tit clamp
chain like a rein.  Pulling out from Paul's chest as my cock was
slowly swallowed by his hot, greased man-hole.  Once in I
started a steady motion in and out motion; increasing in
intensity until Paul was groaning his "AAAAAGGGGHHHHH's" louder
and louder.  

"Oh!  Fuck me, Sir.  Fuck me hard, Sir.  Let me have it all,
Sir."  was Paul's comment on the whole scene.

I fucked my Marine, weekend slave boy hard and fast until I was
on the brink of exploding.  Paul was sex crazy by this point. 
His ass was grabbing my cock with every out stroke and sucking
with every in stroke.  He was milking me with his ass hole
muscles.  Good man!

I pulled completely out and then rammed my throbbing hard-on
back into Paul's gaping hole.  I did this five or six times and
then stayed out.  I pushed Paul back on the bed and then pulled
him up by his tits.  The clamps held and provided a very painful
and effective transition tool.  Paul was sitting up now, my
still throbbing cock right in his face.  

"You're going to take this load down your throat, boy, not up
your ass."  "Suck it," I ordered.

Paul was on my erect penis in an instant.  He was deep throating
it for all he was worth.  His asshole muscles were now replaced
with his throat muscles.  His throat did just as expert a job at
milking me as his asshole had done.  I was using the tit clamps
to encourage him.  Paul didn't need that much encouragement.  He
wanted my load.  I was on the verge of exploding in no time
flat.  I straightened up and rammed my dick into Paul's throat
and burst a load of hot cum from the base of my nuts up through
my shaft and out through my piss slit.  Paul swallowed in unison
to the spasms and consumed every bit of my climax.  We were both
heaving and sweating.  Paul kept my cock in his mouth and worked
every drop of my cum out.  It felt as if he were going to suck
my two nuts out through my cock.  It was an incredible way to
start this new day together.

 	We disengaged and I untied Paul.  We both collapsed onto the
bed and half wrestled, half embraced each other for the next few
minutes.  Both of us came down together.  

"I need a shower,Gunney; go in there and get it ready for me. 
You'll be joining me."

"Yes, Sir, thank you, Sir!"  Paul said as he got up from our bed
and went into the bathroom to get things ready.

I lay there on the bed for a few moments just relaxing and
feeling stoked.  

"Your shower and shower slave are ready for you, Sir"  came from
the bathroom.

I was out of the bed and into the steamy bathroom in an instant.

Paul had oiled himself up and was standing in the middle of a
large four man shower in his inspection position.  The hot
shower water was bouncing off his chest, abs and crotch.

"Ready for inspection, Sir."  was Paul's greeting.

"I've already inspected you Gunney and you passed.  What's all
this oil shit?"  I asked.

"Excuse me Sir, but this shower slave thought that you might
like a little posing routine to start off you bath."

"You're excused, boy, I like your initiative.  Execute!" I said
as I stepped in to join Paul in the steamy shower.  Paul took up
a position in the back corner of the shower stall (actually it
was almost another room in itself) and began his flexing
routine.  He showed off every muscle group he could think of. 
Flexing and bending his body to show off every inch of his
physique for me.  I was standing in the middle of the shower
taking all of this in while beginning to lather myself up.  The
shower was equipped with a hand held messager which jetted out
the water in different intensities and impulses.  I took it off
the wall and began to play different streams of water over
Paul's body as he posed.  I put the messager on pulse and turned
up the intensity and kept it aimed squarely on Paul's nuts and
very hard cock.  Playing the intense water pulses up and down
his cock shaft, around his cockhead, into his piss slit, and
finally bouncing off his nutsac.  Paul didn't miss a beat in his
posing; but the water J/O was having it's effect. 

"Secure from your routine, Gunney"  I ordered.  

Paul stopped and assumed a Parade Rest stance.  

"Turn around and bend over"  

Paul obeyed instantly.  I took a shower shot from off the wall
and inserted the bulb up Paul's ass.  

"You can start posing again, Gunney; but this time I want you to
retain that water douche bulb up your ass until I say it's OK to
take it out.  Understand!"  

"Yes, Sir."  was Paul's reply.  His dick started to deflate as I
began a very slow stream of hot water up his asshole.

I filled him to just short of capacity so that he would be able
to function for the rest of our shower.  

"You can secure from the posing boy and start with my shower. 
Just one thing, don't loose a drop of that ass water I put in
you"

"Yes Sir, Thank you, Sir."

Paul got the soap and started lathering me up.  He used his body
as the washcloth to rub the soap around.  He took his time and
did a fine job of not only getting me cleaned up but also
aroused to full erection.  Paul took special care with the
cleaning of my penis.  He put the shower massager on the same
pulsating motion I had used on him; but he started with the
lowest intensity and increased up from there.  He put the water
jet between my cock head and foreskin (which was already
stretched tight due to my hard-on) and worked the pulsating
water around and around my cock head.  He then directed the
water stream into my piss slit and then down my shaft and around
my balls.  He kept this action up at increasing water intensity
until he had me on the verge of shooting another load.  Paul
judged where his arousal had taken me and swallowed my cock in
one gulp.  He yanked once on my nutsac and I exploded a second
load of cum into his throat.

"Thank you, Sir,"  he said and winked at me.

I picked him up and we embraced and deep throated each other
while the hot water fell over our bodies.  After rinsing me off,
Paul started licking and sucking all the water from my skin.  He
lingered on my most erogenous places.  By the time he had
finished "drying" my nipples, I was hard again.  He finished
drying every inch of my body off by playing with my asshole.  He
really got me hot.  

"Does Sir want to get his asshole cleaned out too?"  Paul asked.

"You bet Paul.  Stick that shower shot up there and douche me
out!"  I commanded.

"With pleasure, Sir."  Paul said as he retrieved the shower shot
and after lubricating my hole with his tongue, pushed the bulb's
nozzle up my ass.  He started the stream of water into me and
got me full in no time.  We were both heavy with a gut full of
ass-water.  Our cocks were now both at full raging extension and
we were both in the clutches of a very high energy sex dynamo.  

"First one to lose his water gets his ass whipped"  I challenged
Paul.

"I'm cramping already, Sir; but whatever you say!"  Paul replied.

I tossed Paul a towel and he dried himself off.  

"Follow me, it's time for some morning PT."

"Yes, Sir, I'm right behind you, Sir."  Paul said as he followed
me out the door onto our small private patio.  

I started with a dozen push ups which Paul had no trouble in
following.  Then I started to do twenty jumping jacks.  This put
a lot of pressure on our guts whenever we spread our legs; but
we each held our water.  Now for the real test -- deep knee
bends.  I started with the knee bends and when we had reached
#6, I felt the telltale rivulet of liquid running down my inner
thigh.  Paul had two bigger ones running down each of his inner
thighs.  "Looks like one of us is about to lose, doesn't it
boy?"  I asked.

"Not this Marine!"  Paul challenged.

We finished off 20 of the deep knee bends and each lost a little
water; but we were pretty much holding our own.  

"OK run in place, Marine,"  I said as I picked up my legs to
start a run in place.

"Knees to your tits, Marine!"  I ordered.

We had both done about 2 or 3 minutes of this exercise when we
reached our limit of holding in our ass-water.  We both exploded
almost in unison, although Paul started loosing it just before I
joined in.  We aimed our asses at the flower garden and gave
them a watering and fertilizing all at once.  

"Looks like a tie to me Gunney"  I said.

"Whatever you say, Sir."  Paul responded.

"Lets go check out the pool,"  I said.

"Right behind you, Sir."

We opened our patio's gate to find Terry already floating around
the pool on one of the rafts.  There was no one else in sight. 
Terry was oiled up and stretched out catching the sun on as much
of his physique as possible.  He hadn't noticed Paul and me
entering the pool area.  I looked at Paul and nodded towards
Terry and winked.  He caught my meaning right away.  Without
further ado we both charged the pool in the finest USMC fashion
and did two cannonball dives aimed right at Terry.  He didn't
have a chance.  The waves from out two splashes upset his float
and he went into the pool.

"You sons-o-bitches, this water's like ice.  You wanna kill
somebody,"  Terry screamed at us after he surfaced.

"Good morning hunk," I said.

"You looked too peaceful, pussy,"  Paul said with a pinch on
Terry's ass.

"Ouch!  and just who are you calling pussy, butt boy?"  Terry
responded.

They lunged at each other and engaged in mock combat for a few
minutes.  Both were dunking each other and pinching tits and
asses.  

"How did you guys sleep -- or did you?"   asked Terry.

"Like bugs in a rug,"  Paul answered.

 "Who was the bug and who was the rug?"  Terry inquired.

"Now just what do you think, Muscle-ass!"  Paul responded.  

"I was the happiest bug in captivity last night,"  Paul
continued before Terry could say anything.

We all swam around for about an hour; talking over last night's
events and expanding on our new frinedships.  Leo had joined us
right after Terry's dousing and asked if we were hungry enough
to go out for a late lunch or early dinner.    Since I had
agreed to drive Paul back to the base by 10 PM. I thought an
early dinner would leave us enough time for some additional male
bonding before I had to give him back to the USMC.

	We enjoyed a great dinner together and then helped Leo and
Terry pack up for their ride back to LA.  After bidding our two
new friends farewell, Paul and I got in one more fantastic fuck
before it was time to hit the road to 29 Palms.  I dropped him
off  just a block from the Main Gate.  We made a date for the
following weekend.  This time at my place in San Deigo.  

	Paul and I got together frequently for the next few months to
continue the expansion of our budding relationship.  As it often
does, though, the Corps intervened with it's needs.  This time
it was Desert Storm.  Paul and I wrote to each other frequently;
but it just wasn't the same via mail.   After the first TV war
in history was in reruns, Paul stayed with me for 3 weeks prior
to his transfer to Embassy duty in Dublin.  From there, he was
posted to Quantico as an Instructor, then on to GitMo in Cuba
where I finally lost track of him.  

	I'll never forget that incredible weekend in Palm Springs or
the subsequent time Paul and I spent together.  Chance meetings
that produce real results do happen.  Even if they are
transitory.  By the way Paul, if you're out there reading this -
I've kept all of your "favorite"  instriments prepped and
primed.  So if you're ready to work up a sweat - GET IN TOUCH
NOW...boy!  

