Archive-name: Changes/pamela5.txt
Archive-author: Pamela (tv)
Archive-title: Pamela's Story - 5


                                 CHAPTER V

     Kay and Sabina left the "Toy Room" to go upstairs and do whatever it is
that Mistresses do when they're alone together.  I only hoped that they would
go straight to bed and not sit up all night inventing new ways to tie us up.
This last position was especially difficult not only because of my fear that
Susie would cause the dual nooses around my organ to tighten, but also
because all of my weight was resting on my tailbone.  Fortunately, the thick
carpeting provided some cushion and kept my rump from going numb.

     I could feel the tension build in Susie's body as she valiantly tried to
remain still.  Her arms would occasionally stiffen and her back would
straighten as the vibrators within her continued their magic.  I could feel
the wetness on her upper back knowing that her body was drenched in
perspiration from her efforts to hold off the orgasms.  Just as the upstairs
clock chimed three o'clock, it happened.  Susie's body began to jerk as much
as her bondage would allow.  I could feel the two nooses tighten as my organ
became the object of a genital tug-of-war.  The cord attached to Susie's
cuffs kept jerking on the end of my penis with the result that the one way
slip knot tightened its grip on my now elongated member. The bucking motion
of her torso caused my own arms to move as well and pulled my balls back
under my body.  Suddenly, her body relaxed.  The orgasm must have been so
intense that she passed out.  I hoped that she would stay asleep for the
remainder of the night until our Mistresses returned to release us.  In spite
of my position, I was able to fall into a fitful sleep induced by the
exhaustion from the day's activities.  I was awakened by the sounds of
conversation coming from the stairway.

     "Well Sabina, it looks like you won the bet.  I really thought that I
had trained Susie good enough to control herself.  Obviously, I was wrong.
These nooses on Pamela's organ are as tight as can be."  I could feel one of
the women untie the cords from my cuffs.  As the loops were removed from my
cock, I could feel the blood rushing through the tip of my penis.  "You'll be
fine, Pamela.  I'm sure Susie hasn't done any permanent damage.  But she will
have to be punished.  Sabina, help me to get them undone so that we can
prepare her for her punishment.

     It must have taken the women ten minutes before I was freed from the
complicated bondage they had devised.  I was left to stretch out on the floor
so that the feeling could return to my limbs.  While I sat there rubbing my
legs and arms, they hoisted Susie to her now unbound feet an escorted her to
the center of the room.  "Oh Mistress, please.  I tried to remain still but
there was nothing I could do.  Please don't punish me.  I'll mop the floors,
wash the windows, I'll do any chores you want but please don't tie me up
again."  "I'll have none of that young lady.  You should know by now that I
mean what I say. I lost a $100 bet because of your lack of self control and
now, you are going to pay for it."  Kay's displeasure with her young slave
was obvious as she bound Susie's hands together behind her back.  She then
looped another rope around her upper arms and slowly drew in the slack until
her elbows were almost touching.  Sabina took a doubled up length of rope and
wrapped it around Susie's waist.  She threaded the two ends through the loop
in the front, pulled it as tight as she could and passed it down between the
lips of her sex and up to the waist rope in the back where it was given
another yank and securely knotted.

     "Oooohhh, Mistress.  Not so tight.  Your going to cut me in half!"

     "Shut up you slut.  You deserve everything you're going to get and you
know it."

     Kay then took a two inch wide leather strap and buckled it tightly above
Susie's knees locking her legs together.  Taking a long length of sash cord,
she gathered Susie's long hair into a pony tail at the top of her head and
tied the end tightly around it.  She threaded the other end through an
eyebolt in the ceiling above and brought it back down to her hair where it
was tightly wrapped three more times and securely fastened.

     Sabina then took Susie's red panties and stuffed them into her mouth.
In order to secure the wadding, she took a three inch wide roll of dermicel
tape and wrapped it tightly three times around her lower head insuring that
Susie's mouth would remain sealed around the silky material.  One of the
previously discarded blindfolds was then put back into place over Susie's
eyes.

     Kay was now standing in front of Susie and threaded a pair of gold rings
through the base of Susie's pierced nipples.  She then produced a roll of
dental floss and tore off about a two foot length.  She knotted one of the
ends to the left nipple ring, passed the line through the ring on the right,
and slowly drew out all of the slack causing Susie's breasts to be drawn
together.  After passing the floss twice more through the rings, she knotted
it off.

      Sabina knelt in front of Susie and tied the end of a rope around her
high heeled instep.  She then stood behind her and passed the other end above
the bindings on her wrists.  Placing one hand around Susie's ankle, she
picked up Susie's foot and pulled on the rope until her high heel was almost
touching her hands.  After tieing off this last binding, the two Mistresses
stood back and admired their work.

     "How long will she have to stay tied like that, Kay?  Her body is
stretched as tight as a bowstring and I really like the way you've tied her
breasts together.  I'm sure that will make her very uncomfortable after a few
minutes."  Sabina traced small circles with her long red fingernail around
Susie's nipples as she spoke.

     "I think a couple of hours ought to do it.  What do you say we take
Pamela upstairs and get her into her working clothes so that she can start
her chores."

     First, the women removed my ballet boots and then assisted me to my
feet.  Each lady then took one of my arms and escorted me upstairs in my
stockinged feet.  When we arrived in the master bedroom, Kay unlocked the
padlock at the back of my corset.  I took a long breath of air as the laces
were undone.  I had almost forgot what it was like to take a deep breath
since I had been wearing the garment for nearly twenty four hours.  "Don't
get too comfortable, Pamela.  We have a different corset for you to wear
today.  Take off your stockings and take a shower.  And be careful not to
smear your makeup or get your hair wet.  We want you to be pretty while you
do the housework."

     After nearly a full day's worth of difficult bondage, the shower felt
wonderfully refreshing.  I slowly toweled myself off and returned to the
bedroom.  I could see that Kay and Sabina had chosen my clothing for the day
and had arranged the feminine articles neatly on the bed.

     "Here.  Put these on Pamela."  Sabina handed me a pair of black fishnet
stockings.  As I slid each one onto my hairless legs, I noticed that they had
a seam down the back.  I adjusted the elastic bands at the top of each thigh
and carefully checked to make sure that the seams were straight.

     "That's good, Pamela.  Now let me help you with your shoes."  Sabina
knelt in front of me to slip on a pair of black pumps with the now familiar
locking ankle straps.  As I balanced on the four inch heels, she clipped the
small padlocks into place around each ankle.  "I think you'll find this heel
height to be a little more practical for housework, Pamela.  We wouldn't want
you to break an ankle while you're doing your chores."  Sabina was right.
Compared to the ballet boots and the ridiculous six inch heels I had
previously worn, these felt like flats.  I knew I wouldn't have any trouble
getting around in them.

     "We've got a new corset for you, Pamela.  This one will take you to the
next level in your figure training."  Sabina had me raise my arms over my
head as she slid the garment into place around my torso.  As she drew in the
lacing, I slid my hands over the satiny front panel and felt that the corset
was extremely stiff due to the heavy boning.  "Kay. Can you give me a hand
here.  We need to take in Pamela's waist to twenty four inches.  Raise your
arms, Pamela and take a deep breath."  Both women pulled so hard on the laces
that I nearly lost my balance.  They continued tugging until they were
satisfied that my waist had been reduced to the desired circumference.  The
laces were then wrapped around my waist and tightly knotted in the back to
insure that I could not remove it with my long fingernails.  I looked in the
mirror across the room to see my new wasp waisted figure.  Even though I
could barely breathe, I couldn't help feeling enthralled with my new feminine
curves.  Kay put the breast forms back into place and adjusted them to her
satisfaction.

     I could see Kay smiling at me as her eyes were pointed at my stiff
erection.  "We're going to have to do something about that, Pamela.  I can
see that you haven't learned to control yourself."  She then reinstalled the
cock sheath I had previously worn and pulled my penis back between my legs
where the thin cord was knotted to the back of the corset.  I stood with my
legs together and looked in the mirror loving the flat smooth look of my
lower abdomen and crotch.

     "That's much better, Kay.  That raging erection of hers didn't do much
to enhance her femininity.  Let's get her into her dress."  Sabina helped me
step into a very small looking black leather dress.  As I slid my arms into
the short sleeves, I was surprised to see that the garment was open in the
back from the waist down.  "What sort of dress is this?  I'll be exposed in
the back from the waist down."  "Never mind, Pamela.  You'll soon see how
this works."  Sabina zipped up the back and then knelt down to fasten the
back of the skirt portion.  As she drew in the slack on the three leather
straps, my legs were forced tightly together.  They was one positioned just
below my ass, another at the middle of my thighs, and a third just behind the
knees.  When I looked in the mirror, I could see my now prominent and almost
bare behind jutting out from the skirt's opening.

     "Oh Mistress, this is awful.  I feel so exposed.  Please take it off and
let me wear something more lady like."

     "Shut up.  You're no lady and you know it.  You're just my lowly slut
slave and you need to be dressed accordingly."  Sabina didn't mince any words
as she reminded me of my station.  "Kay, do you have the hobbles ready for
Pamela?"

     "Yes Sabina.  Why don't you help me put them on."  Kay cuffed my wrists
in front while Sabina cuffed my ankles together.  There was a one foot long
chain between the cuffs on my ankles and wrists with a three and one-half
foot chain connecting the wrist cuffs to the ankles.  I could now raise my
arms to only slightly past waist level.  I knew I would not be able to sit
due to the stiffness of my corset and the tightness of the hobble skirt.

     "Kay, let's get her gagged so that she can begin her chores."  Sabina
forced a bright red two and one-half inch ball gag into my mouth until it
popped behind my teeth.  After tightening the strap securely at the back of
my head, she gave me a hard slap on my exposed bottom.  "Oooocchmmrrg," I
reacted to the stinging blow.  "OK Pamela.  Let's get to the kitchen."  Each
Mistress grabbed one of my arms and escorted me from the bedroom.  As I
minced past the mirror, I was appalled to see that I had been transformed
into some sort of leatherized bondage doll.

     After several stumbles on my part, we arrived at the kitchen where Kay
instructed me to scrape the dishes from their meal of the previous night and
load them into the dishwasher.  "You should be able to finish in about
fifteen minutes, Pamela.  I need to go downstairs to see how Susie is doing.
We'll come back in a little while to check on your work."  The Mistresses
left the room leaving me alone in my toils.  Since I was only permitted to
raise my arms a little above waist level, I found it very difficult to pick
the china up from the sink.  As fate would have it, one of the crystal wine
glasses slipped from my hand and shattered on the floor.  I panicked.  What
would they do to me.  I had seen the results of their displeasure with Susie.
I didn't want them to punish me.  My hands were shaking as I lifted the last
plate from the sink and scraped it off.  As I reached down to put it in the
dishwasher, it slipped from my hand.  Now I was really in for it, I thought.
I was certain I would be dealt with severely.  What diabolical bondage would
they mete out in return for my offense.

          <If anyone has suggestions on what Kay and Sabina should do
          with Pamela, please E-Mail me.  Pamela (tv) 76100,1042>

--
