Archive-name: Changes/pamela3.txt
Archive-author: Pamela (tv)
Archive-title: Pamela's Story - 3


                                CHAPTER III

     I spent the time alternating between lapping up the love juices in
Susie's cunt and trying to get myself loose from the Mistresses' ingenious
bondage.  I should have known by now that when either of these ladies ties
someone up, they will not get loose without help.  I kept straining to reach
any of the knots that bound us together but our Mistresses had made sure that
they were well beyond the reach of my groping fingers.  Finally exhausted, I
gave up and concentrated on the wonderful sensations caused by Susie's
continual sucking of my organ.

     I had completely lost track of time when I heard the door to our room
open.  Mistress Kay and Mistress Sabina walked into the bedroom and just
stood in the doorway surveying the results of their handiwork.

     "Don't they make a cute couple, Sabina?"  Kay had an evil grin on her
face.  "I think we should take them back to my place where we have more toys
to play with.  Let's untie them so that we can prepare them for travel."

     As the Mistresses began to undo the ropes binding Susie and me to the
bed and to each other, I kept asking what Kay meant about traveling
somewhere.  Surely they didn't intend to take me anywhere dressed as a woman.
"Sabina and I have decided that you are ready to "go out" for the first time,
Pamela.  We both think that you'll pass easily as long as you don't speak
with anyone.  Don't worry.  We'll fix you both so that your outfits won't
attract attention.  Neither of us wants to cause a commotion in the hotel
lobby."

     After the last knot was undone, Sabina took the leash rope and led me
back to the sitting room.  Kay stayed in the bedroom with Susie, presumably
to prepare her for our "journey."

     "OK Pamela, let's get you prepared."  Sabina first untied the leash rope
from around my balls and then replaced the leather sheath that I had worn
before.  Once again, my testes were forced up into my body cavity and my cock
was pulled back between my legs and attached with a cord to the hasp at the
back of my still locked-on corset.  She then bound my wrists and elbows
behind my back.  As an added feature, a rope was then doubled over and looped
around my waist.  The two ends were then pulled down my tummy and back
between my legs on either side of my now nearly invisible penis.  Sabina then
threaded the ends above my wrist bindings pulling down hard and wrapping them
three times between my wrists.  The ends were then routed back down between
my legs and up to meet the front of the waist rope where they were pulled
once again and tied off.  Still another rope was then doubled over and looped
around the bindings between my elbows.  Taking the ends, Sabina then wrapped
the line under my armpit, over my shoulder, behind my neck, over the shoulder
on the other side and finally back down under the other armpit where it was
cinched off on the ropes between my elbows.  The bondage was completed by
passing the remaining length of this last rope across my body underneath my
"breasts"  where the final knot was applied around the rope between my elbows
on the other side.  My arms were now completely immobilized.

     "There.  That ought to hold you," she said in mock understatement.
"Kay!  Have you finished with Susie yet?  I think we're just about ready in
here."

     Kay was holding Susie gently by the arm as she guided her into the
sitting room.  She was wearing a pair of red panties in addition to the waspy
corset.  Her six inch heels had been replaced with a pair of very
conventional looking black pumps with 3" heels.  Her wrists were locked on
either side of a 4" wide belt which was buckled around her waist while
another leather strap pulled her elbows close together behind her back.  Even
though her bondage was not as redundant as mine, she was equally as helpless.

     "Sabina, don't you think Pamela should change her shoes?  Those 6" heels
with the locks will attract too much attention when we leave."

     "You're right Kay.  Fortunately, Pamela and I both wear a size 10 B shoe
and I can lend her one of my pairs."  Sabina rummaged in her suitcase and
retrieved a pair of black pumps with 4" heels and red trim.  She unlocked the
padlocks on my ankle straps and had me slip into the pair she had chosen for
me.  They fit perfectly and were a good deal more comfortable to stand in.

     Sabina then led me to the bathroom where she deftly touched up the
makeup that had been badly smeared as a result of my session on the bed with
Susie.

     Meanwhile, Kay had retrieved two coats from the closet and handed one to
Sabina.  Our Mistresses then draped the coats over our shoulders and tucked
the ends of the sleeves into the pockets concealing our bondage.  As I
glanced in the mirror, I could see that Susie and I were each wearing black
mink coats which dropped to mid-calf length.  We looked like a pair of ladies
ready to go on a shopping trip.  No one would guess that we were prisoners of
our two female companions.

     Kay and Sabina then put on their own coats, picked up their overnight
bags and headed for the door.  "Susie, Pamela, you better follow us.  I don't
think you'd want to stay here to be found by the maid when she cleans the
room.  If you refuse, I'm going to take away those beautiful coats you're
wearing and you will only have your lingerie for clothing."  Sabina was
right.  If we didn't go along, it was unlikely that we would be able to get
loose and the maid would discover us in our bondage.  Even if we could manage
to untie ourselves, we certainly wouldn't be able to leave the room dressed
as we were.

     "Pamela,  let's follow them.  I'm sure they'll have some unusual
surprises for us when we get to my Mistress's home.  Besides, I really like
you and I know you love the way I suck your cock.  I'm sure Mistress will let
me do it again soon."  Susie bubbled with enthusiasm as she anticipated the
surprises her Mistress had in store for us.

     Having no other acceptable choices, I joined Susie and our Mistresses as
we left the room and headed for the elevator.  I was filled with a sense of
excitement as I realized I was going out in public for the first time dressed
as a woman.  As we waited for the elevator, I could feel the hallway's draft
of air circulating under my coat and around my stockinged legs.  The
combination of the high heels on my feet and the dildo up my ass caused my
hips to sway and reduced my stride to a feminine gait.  I enjoyed these
sensations almost as much as the feeling of vulnerability caused by my
bondage.

     As we left the elevator and walked through the lobby to the parking
garage, I felt as though every eye was on me.  How did I look?  Did anyone
suspect I was a man?  Was my walk feminine enough?  As we passed people in
the lobby, some didn't look at me at all and those that did smiled a greeting
as they passed.  We made it all the way to Kay's Lincoln without incident.
Apparently, I looked convincing enough that no one thought we were anything
more than four women going out for a shopping trip.

     Our mistresses opened the rear doors of the Town Car, helped us into our
seats and buckled the seat belts across our laps.  The seated position added
additional tension to the crotch rope and drove the dildo further up my ass.
Susie noticed the distressed look on my face as I kept shifting in my seat
trying to find a more comfortable position.  "You'll be OK Pamela.  It's only
a short drive to Mistress Kay's home.  I think you'll be better off if you
don't move around so much."

     We had been driving for about twenty minutes when Kay pulled into the
driveway of her large home.  I had taken Susie's advice and remained
motionless for most of the trip and I realized that she had a good deal more
experience with these situations than I did.

     We were helped out of the car and escorted into the house.  "I'll hang
up the coats Sabina.  Why don't you take our playthings to the Toy Room.  You
remember the way, don't you?"

     "I sure do Kay.  Come on you two.  It's time to have some more fun."

     Sabina attached two leashes to Susie's collar and my crotch rope and led
us down a flight of stairs to what was obviously the "Toy Room."  It had all
manner of bondage equipment hanging on the walls.  Gags, straps, ropes,
leather hoods, paddles and whips were hanging everywhere.  There were also a
variety of metal frames and some metal posts attached to the floor.  I could
only wonder what they were for and I didn't like most of my guesses as to how
they could be used.

     By this time, Kay had joined us and started to collect some of the
bondage gear from off the walls.  "Sabina and I are going out for the evening
but before we do I'm going to make sure you are properly entertained while
we're gone."

     With that, Kay tied the end of my leash rope to one of the numerous
hooks in the wall while Sabina dragged a wooden platform into the middle of
the room.  It was about 6" high and had 8 eye bolts fastened to its
perimeter.  She then released Susie from her bondage and told her to remove
her panties.  Kay then handed the 6" heels back to Susie and ordered her to
put them on.  After Susie buckled the second strap, Kay installed the
padlocks locking the shoes on her feet.

     "Susie, go over to the platform and stand on it.  Sabina, please bring
one of those spreader bars over here."

     The bar was about three feet long and had leather cuffs attached to
either end.  Kay attached the first cuff to Susie's left ankle and locked it
in place.  She then forced Susie's legs apart to the required distance and
locked the second cuff to her right ankle.  She really looked gorgeous with
her legs spread like that.  Kay then took an odd leather pouch-like affair
and after folding Susie's arms behind her back, she slipped the pouch over
her elbows and upper arms.  The two straps that started on one side of the
pouch were then taken over her shoulders and across her back where they were
attached to the buckles on the outside of the pouch.  Susie's arms were now
helplessly imprisoned inside the leather bag.

     Meanwhile Sabina was busy attaching a 4" wide leather belt to Susie's
waist.  I noticed that there was a long 2" wide strap descending from its
front and Sabina first took a 6" long dildo and slid the strap through the
leather loop on its bottom.  She then pressed the artificial cock against
Susie's still moist pussy and applied gentle but steady pressure until its
entire length disappeared inside her.  Sabina next took a 4" butt plug and
after lubricating its length with K-Y jelly, forced it against Susie's
rosebud.  After several seconds, Susie's sphincter muscle relaxed and the
plug found its way home.  Sabina then threaded the strap through the loop on
the end of the plug and up to meet the roller buckle descending from the back
of the waist strap.  After passing the end through the buckle, she then gave
a hard pull to the end and inserted the prong in the buckle through the hole
in the strap.  She then locked a padlock through a hole on the end of the
prong to insure that this unusual chastity belt would remain in place.

     Susie was tottering on her heels and almost lost her balance as a result
of the sensations caused by the two intruders.  Beads of perspiration broke
out all over her upper body as her arousal increased and she tried to retain
her balance.  Sabina noticed that Susie was having difficulty standing, so
she took a long length of rope and knotted it through the padlock at the back
of the waist belt.  Extending its length, she fastened it to one of the eye
bolts on the wall behind Susie.  "There, Susie.  If you just lean forward a
little bit, you be able to stand a little easier."

          Kay then came over to my side and untied the leash rope from its
mooring.  "Come on Pamela.  It's your turn.  I know you can't wait to see
what we have in store for you."  After seeing what these ladies just did to
Susie, a panicky feeling swept over me as I wondered what devilish bondage
they had in mind for me.

     Kay then started to undo the numerous ropes wrapped around my body.
When the last knot was untied, she took off the sheath around my cock and
carefully undid the harness holding the dildo up my ass.  "Lie on the floor
Pamela, and take off your shoes.  Sabina just bought some new boots and I
want you to wear them for us."

     Sabina brought over an odd looking pair of black patent leather boots
with incredible 7" heels.  As she slid the first one onto my left foot, I
noticed that the sole would not bend because it was permanently shaped into
a ballet like arch.  After tieing off the laces at the ankle, she repeated
the process on my right foot.  My feet were now imprisoned inside a pair of
boots that forced my feet into the en pointe position that ballerinas are
famous for.  Sabina then ordered me to slide over in front of Susie.  Once I
was in place, she locked a spreader bar identical to Susie's on my now
outstretched ankles.  With Kay's help, she lifted me by the arm pits to a
standing position facing Susie.  "Standing" in this context gentle readers,
is a term that needs to be interpreted loosely.  Now perched on my toes in
the ballet boots with 7" heels, there was no way I could maintain my balance
without someone's help.

     With Kay still helping me to maintain my balance, Sabina tied my wrists
behind my back with the palms facing each other.  She then slipped a single
sleeve leather arm binder up my arms and fastened the straps around my
shoulders making sure that the laces were properly drawn and securely tied.

     Sabina then brought over a belt similar to the one adorning Susie's
middle and buckled it around my waist.  The vertical long strap was centered
at the back.  She then took another butt plug and after lubricating it,
patiently slid it home.  She then passed the strap through the loop at the
bottom of the plug and carefully pulled the end of my cock through a hole
which was located in just the right place.  The end of the strap was then
threaded through the roller buckle descending from the front of the belt.  As
she pulled down on the strap and locked it to the roller buckle, my testes
were once again forced up inside my body.  I looked down to see my now fully
erect penis emerging from the hole in the strap.

     Sabina then circled my torso with a pair of 2" wide leather straps
insuring that my arms were immobilized.  She then knotted a length of rope
through a ring at the end of the single sleeve and extended it to the wall
behind me where it was securely fastened.  "Pamela, if you just lean forward
a little like Susie, you'll be able to stand a little easier."  Kay then
gradually withdrew her support until she was confident that I wouldn't fall
over.

     Sabina next brought over what appeared to be an unusually wide 8" long
rubber dildo.   As she approached my crotch with the device, I could see that
it was hollow and had a squeeze bulb attached to it by a plastic tube.  She
then took a glob of K-Y jelly and slowly applied it to my member.  She
finished just as I reached the edge of an orgasm leaving me high and dry once
again.  The lubrication allowed her to easily slide the dildo over my raging
erection and she fastened it to two snaps on the crotch strap which were
situated above and below my cock.  "I think you're going to like this
Pamela," said Sabina as she gave the bulb several slow squeezes.  The inside
of the rubber phallus inflated applying even pressure to the real penis
inside.  The sensation was not uncomfortable but rather pleasurable as I
realized that the device would serve to maintain my erection.

     "Sabina, let's try out that new gag we had custom made.  I think this is
just the right situation for it."  Kay then buckled a double pear gag first
at the back of Susie's neck and then similarly fastened its twin around my
own.  The gags were attached in front of the mouth section and forced our
heads closely together.  The combination of the ropes attached to the wall
and the union of our gags provided all the support we needed to prevent us
from falling.

     Kay and Sabina stood back and surveyed their handiwork.  "Well Kay, I
think that should hold them until we get back.  We better go now or we'll be
late for the opera."

     "Just a minute Sabina.  We forgot the finishing touch."

     With that, Kay plugged four electrical cords into the outlets on the
wall.  She then methodically inserted one of the ends into a socket at the
base of Susie's butt plug.  Susie immediately gasped behind her gag and I
could see her eyes nearly bulge from their sockets.  Kay repeated the process
with a cord attached to the base of Susie's dildo.  Beads of perspiration
broke out on Susie's forehead as her arousal increased.

     "Oh that's clever, Kay.  Give me the other two cords so I can do
Pamela."

     Sabina first inserted one of the ends into a socket at the base of the
butt plug I was wearing.  It instantly began vibrating.  She next plugged the
last cord end into the socket at the base of my clamped on artificial penis
and it too began to vibrate.  The feeling was incredible.  I was perched on
those ridiculous boots with my legs obscenely spread and tied so that I could
barely move.  The vibrations drove me to ever increasing heights of sexual
frustration and I could tell that Susie was suffering the same fate as I.
Alternating moans of pleasure and frustration continually emanated from
behind her half of the double pear gag.

     "I hope you two have a good time while we're gone.  As I'm sure you know
by now, those dildos and plugs you're wearing are powered by a/c current.
There aren't any batteries to wear out so I'm sure that you will both be
adequately entertained.  Bye, now."

--
