Panak's Deal
by Dafydd Cyhoeddwr

*****

     As the fourth son of an un-landed baron in a court that more than
abounded with such, Panak was monumentally bored. Of course, he wasn't
alone: most of the young nobles at court had no future to be preparing
for either. Panak participated in the diversions of his peers: he was a
passing fair fencer and swordsman, he enjoyed drinking (although he
preferred the spirits served in the high-city to the swill served in the
low-city dives the youth-of-rank frequented), he went along on
terrorizing jags (although he really didn't like the destruction they
caused), and he screwed around. It was actually the last point that gave
him the most dissatisfaction.

     For, you see, he wasn't a particularly good lover. His endowment was
nothing spectacular, though it also wasn't too small to bother with
either. This meant that to please a woman, he had to use technique.
Unfortunately, he had none, and he couldn't ask anyone to teach him -
that would be just too demeaning. Panak really wanted to give the girls
he bedded the pleasure they deserved: he wanted to be good at at least
one thing that benefited someone else.

     Panak also dabbled in magic. He was about as good at it as about
anything else he did. In fact, Panak's only real problem with anything he
did was that he tended not to take his time and be thorough. In fencing,
this kept him from being the master his natural talent could have made
him. In loving, this defeated his purpose of pleasing his partner by
absorbing him in himself. In magic, this was potentially deadly.

     He spent time in the Court Library doing research, first in sex
manuals, and then (in desperation) in magic grimoires. In this he
persisted and finally found what he was looking for. However, he only
read the brief description and general circumstances of the spell - it
would bind a benign female demon (if possible, a succubus) within the
body of the subject, which could be the caster with minor modifications
to the spell. The effect of this would be to allow full access to the
mental abilities and knowledge of the bound entity by the subject. Panak
reasoned that this would let him know what a woman wanted so that he
could properly please one. He didn't even bother to read further. He
copied down the particulars of preparations and rituals since he couldn't
take the book from the room. Then, after gathering the proper materials
together from shops in town, he went to his rooms in the castle to enact
the spell.

     He cleared a large space in his sitting room and painted a pentagram
on the floor. He melted wax in a bowl on a brazier, and set up the other
paraphernalia necessary for the spell while it was melting: a large
candle at each of the five points of the pentagram, and proper herbs and
oils marking out symbols and special words in the points and along the
lines. When the wax was ready, Panak stripped to the buff and took up the
required position in the center of the pentagram. He took the wax and
poured it over each of his ankles and his right wrist, sealing each to a
point of the magical symbol. Next, he poured a blob of congealing wax on
the inward point between the points his legs were anchored to and, after
setting the bowl down, took the head of his cock in his hand, gritted his
teeth, and stretched it until it touched the still hot wax glob. He
hissed in pain, but held the very sensitive organ in the wax until it
hardened enough to bond the cock to the pentagram. Lastly, he bound his
left wrist to the symbol by plunging his hand into the bowl and pulling
out a glob of half-congealed wax, and then placing his hand on the proper
point, thus leaving the point behind him unlimbed.

     He sat there for a moment or ten to let the pain fade away. When he
was relatively comfortable again, he began the incantation, lighting the
candles and the herbs backed in the brazier with a few prefatory words.

     As he chanted, smoke began to fill the room from the burning herbs
and the special candles. A combination of the smoke and the concentration
Panak had to apply to his chanting serve to put the magician into a deep
trance.

     In his almost-dream, Panak saw a face become visible. It was a
woman's face, very exotic and very beautiful. The tiny horns, cat-pupiled
eyes, and fangs did nothing to decrease her allure. Panak's cock hardened
at just the sight of her face, which was a bit painful but not enough to
break his concentration. The face produced a voice that said, "I have
been summoned in the name of Buralak to fulfill the Contract of
Mertholian. All of the conditions have been met. Do you accept the
price?"

     In his trance, Panak said, "Yes," even though he had no idea what
she was talking about - he hadn't read about any 'price'.

     "Then so be it. I now bond with your corporeal form and take up
residence within your mind. My knowledge will be yours. When the price
has been paid, I will depart. Prepare."

     The face faded away and Panak felt the wax around his wrists and
ankles heat up again. The heat began to suffuse slowly into his whole
body. The pain from this heat started out being just within bearable
limits, but by the time his entire body was heated, he was writhing from
the agony yet he could not break the fragile wax seals holding him in
place.

     Just as he was about to scream from the pain, the heat hit his
crotch. It flared up all across his body, then drained into his cock
which almost immediately began shooting cum into the wax binding it down,
taking the heat with it. And, within a few seconds, it was over. As the
forces that had held him in place released him, Panak collapsed,
exhausted and relieved and invested of a she-demon.

     When Panak recovered, he didn't feel any different. He tried to find
the knowledge he was supposed to have gained, but there was nothing there
that hadn't been there before.

     Still, he had performed a spell - something had to have changed. He
cleaned up the sitting room, then took a bath. After, he dried off, then
dressed in the uniform of a minor lordling out for a good time, and took
himself off to a gathering place of available women.

     His better than average looks and evident station got him his choice
of bedmates, as they usually did. He and his pick retired to one of the
'inns' in the city that rented by the hour. As soon as the door to the
tiny but expensive room was closed, the blonde began to slip out of her
clothes deftly and quickly.

     When Panak saw the blonde begin to unlace her bodice, something
clicked in his mind. He felt dizzy for a moment, and then someone else
took over his body, leaving him a spectator.

     He moved over to the woman and said, "Let me, please?" The blonde
was surprised, but she stopped unlacing and let him take over.

     Panak spent a good long while undressing the blonde, touching and
caressing and arousing her while progressively baring more and more of
her beautiful body.

     Finally, she was naked and panting, the aroma of lust filling the
room. Still fully clothed, Panak's demon driver began stage two. Using
only his fingers, hands, lips, and tongue, Panak began caressing the
beautiful body from head to toe. He spent long minutes in the hollow of
her throat, under her armpits on the sensitive skin there, extra long on
her nipples but also no the pearl-white skin of her breasts. He hesitated
at her stomach, just barely touching the sparse pubic tuft, and bypassed
her groin to go to her thighs, knees, and feet. Then, he returned to the
pinkness between her legs and set to work pleasing the blonde even more
than he already had. Still only using mouth and hands, but in ways he had
never dreamed possible, he drove his partner wilder than he had ever
pleased anyone in his life.

     The blonde was so filled with ecstasy that she passed out three
times, and still Panak worked. He persisted in his ministrations until
the blonde surrendered consciousness entirely, only her body responding
automatically. Then he stopped, stood up a little stiffly, and used the
pitcher of water on the bedside table to clean up slightly. Somewhat
refreshed, he took a seat and waited for the blonde to recover.

     Before too long, the blonde began to stir. Panak stood up and began
stroking key areas of the blonde's body to make sure she was in the mood
when her mind came fully awake again.

     She was already panting when her eyes opened, and Panak helped
arrange pillows around her to prop her up in a semi-sitting position.
Then, he began a striptease that was slow and sensuous and aroused both
the blonde and Panak. By the time he was naked, the blonde was fingering
herself and he was hard as a rock. His equipment was average in every
way, but the blonde was so hot that she was panting and moaning for it.

     He adjusted the blonde's position again and knelt between her legs.
He got into the position, aimed his cock, and eased his hips forward so
that he entered her wet warmth slowly, teasingly. She grabbed at his ass
and pulled him in all the way, then began sawing her hips back and forth,
and moaning. Panak's hips began to move too, but not just back and forth:
side to side, varying depth and speed, things he had never though about
doing before either. And the blonde loved it.

     Three female orgasms later, Panak decided to change positions. Using
subtle had pressure, he communicated to the blonde that she should flip
over and get up on her hands and knees. This was accomplished without
cock leaving cunt, much to both their pleasure.

     Panak continued fucking, now in the 'beast position'. The demon
controlling him knew the advantages of this position and used them all.
The blonde was again cumming, her spasming cunt squeezing Panak's cock
lasciviously. Ordinarily, such activity would have excited him right into
orgasm, but again the demon knew ways to keep his body under control, so
he was no where near cumming.

     He switched positions twice more, ending up with her on top. She was
bouncing and rocking wildly over his still ready cock. The blonde, of
course, had cum countless times and was still doing so, but with less and
less energy. So, recognizing that the blonde was almost orgasmed out,
Panak's demon let his body have its way. Panak felt the almost hour's
worth of feeling hit him all at once and it felt better than anything
else ever had. He trust his hips up hard once, twice, and finally shot
his load with a force that felt like he was spewing gallons into the
blonde.

     His cock's actions triggered the blonde's final orgasm, and when
Panak's cock shrank with its final load, the blonde sighed deeply, leaned
down to kiss him, and slid off of him, immediately asleep. At least as
completely satisfied as the blonde but in a totally different way, Panak
thanked the demon that had begun teaching him the right way to please a
woman that night. With a contented sigh, he fell asleep too.
                                 *
     The word spread quickly, and by the end of the week Panak had woman
mobbing him in all of the hot night spots, and some of the bolder ones
had begun to petition him at home both in person and by messenger or
mail. Panak was astonished by the response: in his before-demon days,
when he couldn't fuck for beans, he had still never had trouble picking
up a woman. Perhaps, he though, women didn't like to talk about bad sex
unless it was really awful, but good sex spread like wildfire.

     If anything, Panak was only unhappy he didn't have more time to
spend in his dalliances. Every night, many afternoons, a morning or two,
and several more times per evening on the weekends, he bedded a different
woman and still he had to turn some down. In every other way he was
overjoyed at the deal he had made. It wasn't for the pleasure he got out
of his couplings, but for the pleasure he gave to his partners. And all
was right with the world. For a time.

     Three things happened within one month that began to change Panak's
life, beginning about three months after he had made his deal.

     The first thing, early in that fourth month, happened in a clothes
shop. Panak was doing a little browsing and a little shopping, though
neither really for clothes. He was going through the undergarments
section on the trail of a rather fetching blonde saleswoman when his
attention was drawn to a display of exotic briefs from a far island
country. what was so interesting to him was the material they were made
of - it was shiny and very soft to the touch, and for some reason it
excited him in a strange way. It was also available in a wide range of
colors, which was decidedly exotic and equally erotic in that same
strange way. He really had no idea why he did it, but he purchased a
dozen pairs of the briefs in assorted colors and when he got them home,
he promptly discarded all of his other underwear before even trying a
pair of the new ones on. But when he did, he was glad - they fit
perfectly and felt so good around his hips, not to mention his cock and
balls.

     The second thing happened while he was visiting one of his favorite
early night spots, the common room of the Green Tiger Inn, shortly after
his change in underwear styles.

     It was a typical night. Panak was only there to check out the new
talent in the area - he already had a date who would be waiting for him
at home around half past ninth bell. The room was about half full - it
would really come alive much later. He had sized up the women present,
and dropped a name to a few that he didn't recognize. He was sitting
alone finishing his dark ale before returning home when SHE walked in.

     SHE was the Countess Derisha. Panak recognized her from Court. Not
only was she high-ranking and landed, but she was possibly the most
beautiful woman Panak had ever seen. She was tall and well formed, with
silver-blonde hair faming an absolutely aristocratic face. She wore the
best fabrics in the proper styles - she almost didn't fit into the
surroundings, and if this hadn't been the Green Tiger, she would have
been very overdressed.

     Every head in the place turned when the Countess walked in - men and
woman alike. To Panak it seemed that the whole room went silent (though
the musicians were too professional to actually stop playing). In fact,
it seemed as if the whole room vanished, leaving only the Countess and
him alone.

     She scanned the room and then her gaze locked on him. Still in that
silence, she walked over to his table and sat down opposite him. As the
room returned to normal, the Countess said, "Lord Panak?"

     Panak couldn't find his tongue, so he just nodded. She continued,
"I've heard...certain things about you. I was wondering how much of what
I've been told was true."

     The knowledge that he had been acquiring from his resident demon
kicked in then, and his nervousness faded. While the Countess was
undoubtable the epitome of womankind, she was still female and the charms
he was learning would work on her.

     So, he replied, "I imagine that that would depend on what you might
have heard." He put exactly the right hind of coyness in his voice and
face as he spoke.

     She smiled and said, "True...true. Well, in order to avoid a
possibly embarrassing question and answer session here in public, perhaps
you could come back to my villa where I can verify the rumors first hand
- and in private."

     "I am at your disposal, my lady. Whatever I can do to please you
..."

     "Yes, that was part of what I'd heard," she replied softly. Then, in
a more normal tone, she said, "Come, then." She stood, followed by Panak,
and they walked from the bar to a waiting coach. The ride in curtained
privacy to the Countess' villa was passed staring at each other lustfully
and dreamily.

     The coach pulled up outside the street-side gates of the villa and
the two passengers alit. The coach pulled away to find the alley-side
gates, leaving the two to pass through the gates and cross the yard
without noticing it at all. Panak's hands finally began to touch the
Countess - lightly on the shoulders and back for now - as she led the way
into her deserted villa and through ornate hallways and stairwells to a
richly appointed bedroom.

     The Countess sat on her huge bed and said, "Now that we are alone -
I gave the staff off tonight - we can speak freely. I have heard rumors,
as well as avowed testimony, that you are able to pleasure a woman like
no other. It is said that you are capable of exhausting a woman with
pleasure.

     "Put simply, my lord, I want to learn if what they say about you is
true. If it is, and I am acceptable to you, I would like to employ you.
Interested?"

     Panak said, "Very. I hope that I can please you in every way, as far
beyond your expectations as what your 'sources' have led you to believe.
Your pleasure is my only concern." Not allowing her another word, he sat
next to her on the bed and kissed her.

     He had begun absorbing techniques and procedures from his resident
demon during his love making sessions while she was in control, so that
lately he had taken to asking his demon not to take control during a
select few of his dalliances to see if the lessons were sinking in (they
were!). But there was something fascinating, compelling even, about the
Countess. He wanted to be in her employ. So, he let his demon have full
control, certain that he didn't yet have enough skill on his own to do
for the Countess what she wanted done.

     The kiss lasted for a long time. Though Panak had started it just
before he gave his demon the reins, it was left to the Countess to end
it. Meanwhile, Panak's demon used only lips and tongue, leaving his arms
and hands out of the action even though the Countess was not showing the
same restraint. Finally, breathing heavily, the Countess backed out of
the embrace, leaving a smiling Panak looking on as she caught her breath.

     With a sureness that Panak envied, the demon again acted. It stood
Panak up and walked him the step it took to close on the Countess. Then
it began to undress her with Panak's hands. It took its time, caressing
the skin that was gradually revealed lovingly and erotically. By the time
that the Countess had been rendered naked, she was panting even more
heavily than after the kiss, her nipples tiny and rock hard at the tops
of heaving breasts. Panak could sent her arousal strong and exciting in
the room. All with only expert fingertips. Pleased with the success of
its efforts so far, the demon really went to work.

     The Countess was still poised on the edge of the bed, which was
perfect. Panak's demon gently pushed her knees apart (which opened the
outer lips of her pussy more, which increased the amount of woman-scent
in the room by a great deal) and positioned Panak between them, still
fully dressed. Kneeling, the demon passed up the obvious target and went
instead for her breasts.

     This time, the demon put everything into its stimulation of the
Countess' breasts: hands, lips, teeth, and tongue. Apparently, the
Countess had very sensitive nipples because when Panak's mouth began to
suck on them, her hips went wild, pushing her pussy against his stomach
and she began uttering tiny cries of pleasure. Panak was guided to
pleasure all of her breasts, not just the nipples: it guided his mouth
over the creamy skin of her wonderful mammaries, kissing and stroking and
sucking on the slightly spongy flesh of her breasts, making sure there
was plenty of pleasure being generated in them. And, by her rather
obvious physical reactions to his attentions, it was working. In fact, by
the time her body went slack with ecstatic overload, Panak's tunic was
soaked from the exudate of her pleasure.

     Panak's demon lowered the Countess to her bed and sat back on his
heels. Presently, she recovered herself and propped herself back up on
her arms. She opened her mouth to thank Panak, but his demon began to
work again without waiting.

     This time, he stayed low, walking forward a few inches until his
face was right before her pussy. Taking a deep breath (both to prepare
himself and to savor the heady aroma of the pinkly wet flesh before him),
Panak's face moved forward. Arms braced themselves on her thighs,
spreading them slightly farther apart, fingers stretched her outer lips
further open, and his tongue began to explore the glistening vagina
pouting before him.

     Again, the demon riding Panak produced consummate skill in
pleasuring the Countess' 'nether regions'. Fingers, tongue, lips, and
careful teeth worked over that fairly small triangle of flesh, modifying
its actions by the subtle commands of the Countess' reactions. Her moans
began low, and though they stayed low they gained in intensity. Panak's
arms began to do double duty keeping her hips relatively motionless.

     When she passed out again, Panak's demon didn't stop. It eased off a
bit, just stroking his tongue across the flesh lightly. When she began
showing signs of awakening, the demon stepped up Panak's efforts, easing
the Countess from sleep into full arousal. It kept up its work through to
more of the Countess' periods of unconsciousness, deciding that she had
had enough when she screamed out, "Oh by all the gods, YES!" as she
passed out the last time.

     Panak's demon drew him away from the Countess, seating him down in a
chair to relax. The Countess was a long time recovering from his
ministrations, and even after she finally opened her eyes, she didn't
move more than enough to turn her head to look at him for a long time.
Panak though there was something new in her eyes, something he had been
looking for for a long time.

     Eventually, she stretched languidly and said, "The rumors lied. They
didn't even come close! I've never felt so much pleasure in my life, and
you're still fully dressed! Does it get better when you undress?"

     Panak's demon directed him to laugh deprecatingly and say, "Maybe
not better - maybe just more of the same ..."

     "So, show me ..."

     Panak undressed, making even that simple act erotic. Not in a
red-lantern strip-show way, but sexy and erotic just the same. Both were
ready when he was finally naked, and he joined her on her bed. He showed
her several times what he could give her while undressed, and it was lots
more of the same.

     And, the third thing that indicated the changes beginning in Panak's
life happened the next morning. He was jostled awake for a few moments as
the Countess turned over and snuggled up to him again. Before he could
settle himself back to sleep, the door opened and a servant walked in
carrying a tray bearing a silver ewer and basin, tow goblets, and a
crystal decanter filled with something orange. But it wasn't the tray or
its contents that caught Panak's eye: it was the servant.

     He was young and handsome, with blonde hair and a trim body. He wore
a short tunic bearing the Countess' arms prominently on the chest, and
parti- colored hose in the Countess' livery colors. Watching the man go
quietly about his task of placing the tray on a dresser by the wall,
Panak began to feel a curious stirring in his loins. The servant turned
and walked back to the door and then out, never knowing that Panak's eyes
were glued to his waist until the door cut off his view. It wasn't until
then that Panak realized that his cock was hard - even after the workout
it had had with the Countess only hours before. As he realized this, and
noticed consciously the random thoughts chasing themselves around his
mind about what had been under that codpiece, he didn't find anything
wrong with his lusting after the servant. He fell asleep again thinking
about that, but when he awoke, he figured it had just been a bizarre
dream.
                                  *
     Panak's playing around days were over, much to the dismay of most of
the eligible woman in town. When it became known that the Countess had
'stolen' Panak, she had to hire extra bodyguards to keep the wailing
women away from her house.

     While Panak felt sorry for the women that now had to go without his
skills, his joy in the company of the Countess completely soothed his
conscience. Panak fit himself into the Countess' household with little
trouble. He had been trained, after all, to a noble's life, to that kind
of social interaction. His resident demon added an interesting facet to
his personality that made him more than a fixture in the circles the
Countess moved in: he was actively sought out, and the Countess was even
more in demand than ever before, if that was possible.

     Also, Panak's wardrobe began to change. The Countess had been
intrigued by his exotic underwear and had gifted him with as many pairs
as he could use. He received such a thrill from the soft and shiny
material that he wondered if he would like other articles made out of it.
For some reason, he had no problem asking the Countess if she could have
her seamstress make him some satin hose and a silk tunic (those materials
in those garments were more of a feminine thing, and once he would have
never hinted at feminine leanings to a lover).
     Again, the Countess was delighted, and soon his whole wardrobe had
been replaced by identical clothes made of silks, satins, and velvets.

     There were things, however, that he didn't tell the Countess about,
although there were times he wanted to. He found himself increasingly
attracted to men. His fantasies were equally divided between the soft and
sweet charms of women - specifically the Countess - and the hard and
angular mysteries of men - in particular, the Countess' room servant. As
yet, these feelings and fantasies were no more than that, but he was
finding it increasingly hard to resist the desires the sight of well
filled tights and a codpiece generated in him. Time passed - the best
days of Panak's life. The Countess was totally in love with him, the
social circles were enamored of him - life was perfect, and all because
of a simple spell. Panak blessed his demon every night before falling
asleep in the arms of his exhausted Countess.

     It was six months after he had enacted the spell, and three since he
had moved in with the Countess when she first noticed the changes. She
had gotten to know Panak's body intimately - after his work pleasuring
her, she made sure to spend at least as much time pleasing him. But,
because of their constant contact, it wasn't until Council business too
her away for four days that she noticed. Upon her return, the first thing
she did was drag him (well, it wasn't as if he resisted or anything) up
to their room. When she closed the door, she threw herself onto him,
stripped his soft, shiny clothes off, and attacked him. It had been four
days since she had felt his perfect touch and most excellent organ, and
she wanted to make up for it.

     The first encounter was totally for her gratification, and it didn't
last very long. She did her best to quench her thirst for his body, and
did a very good - if temporary - job. After a few minutes of rest, it was
Panak's turn. He did his usual thorough job, working slowly and expertly
to drive her absolutely crazy, As he worked, he noticed that his demon
only occasionally gave a hint or two - most of his actions came from his
own mind. He was learning!

     Then, after a somewhat longer recuperative period, it was the
Countess' turn again. And, as she lay beside him, kissing his neck and
stroking his chest, she finally noticed that his chest was rather more
full than she had remembered. And not as if he had been exercising,
either. She glanced down, and saw that Panak's chest was adorned by two
small but very evident breasts pushing his pointy nipples into the air.

     Startled, she sat up and looked at him, keeping her hand moving on
his ... breast ... and nipple, which he seemed to be enjoying greatly.
She had to think to remember what he had looked like that evening at the
bar three or so months ago. But she did finally remember - and she was
surprised. He looked much more ... feminine now. His skin was softer and
lighter colored. It had never been really tanned or rough - Panak wasn't
a laborer - but it had been a little less ... womanly. His face, too, had
changed, become thinner but also less angular. His hair was much longer -
it had grown a lot in only 3 months - but also much more silky before,
and it was now a slightly lighter shade of brown, almost making it blond.
His body had lost much of its tone: where it had been the casually
muscled body of a nobleman, it was not the body of a young and idle
woman. His chest was, as already noticed, sporting budding breasts. His
waist was rather narrow, even though his stomach bulged a little. His
hips were much wider than his waist, with a decidedly feminine shape.
There was no part of his body - save one - that didn't now have the mark
of femaleness.

     The Countess' perusal of Panak's altered charms took a rather long
time. In fact, she forgot what her hands were doing on his breasts until
he gasped, then cried out and shot his load all over his front and her
hands without anyone even touching him below the waist. She became
interested again in his pleasure and this time attacked his breasts with
her mouth. He went wild, getting into the pleasure even faster and better
than before. Panak erected again immediately, and after making sure that
he was very ready to go, the Countess made use of that erection with a
fervor that seemed like she might not get to use it again. They didn't
get to sleep until well after the sun came up.

     Sometime later, mid-afternoon or so, they awoke and went into the
Countess' bathing chamber together. There, as they waited for the tub to
fill with hot water, she asked, "Hon, have you noticed what you look like
lately?" Panak turned to her and frowned quizzically. "No," he answered,
"not lately. Why?"

     She stood and opened the twin doors that hid the three-way mirror.
She gestured him over, and watched as he glided over with a marked sway n
his hips. She watched the wonder, surprise, and dismay in his face as he
examined himself in the mirrors. She could tell that he really hadn't
noticed. She walked up behind him and hugged him, making sure to cup his
breasts (and smiling as his cock twitched when she did), saying, "It's an
interesting development, huh? Any ideas of why?"

     He shook his head, and snuggled into her arms and body, somewhat
frightened. To have changed so much, yet noticed nothing - he was very
shaken. The countess said, "Well, we will find the answer then. Now come
with me to the bath; it's ready. I'll send for Zorina as soon as we're
done. I'm sure she can fathom the reason. But first, we've got a
'cleaning' to do." She smiled as her lips closed over his nipple and he
sighed and closed his eyes in response. The water was very cold by the
time they left the tub (even after three refillings), and it was far too
late in the day to send for Zorina.
                                  *
     "It won't hurt you, dear. Its just that I will have an easier time
working on you if you are asleep. Go ahead, Panak, drink up."

     The gypsy woman held out a silver chalice full of a steaming, lemon-
scented liquid. Panak gingerly took it, glanced at the Countess and,
heartened by her reassuring look, drank the chalice dry. It tasted like a
very fine wine without the alcoholic bite, and also without even a hint
of lemon.

     Zorina, the gypsy, turned to talk to the Countess while her potion
went to work. It was the next day, and Panak had yet to come to terms
with the changes the Countess had pointed out to him. In fact, he was
refusing to think about it which was rather hard to do. He had been
wearing soft and silky clothing for months now, but it seemed that only
now was he noticing how good they felt against his skin. He could feel it
brushing against his hips and ass, and against his nipples, which was
very distracting. It also slid across his arms and legs, his stomach and
back. It was like his whole body was suddenly hypersensitive, though he
didn't know whether it was linked to his new appearance, or was some
completely different problem.

     Somewhere during his reverie, Panak slipped into a very deep
slumber. Zorina noticed his glassy-eyes stare and said, "Its worked. I
can tell because this potion is one of the few that puts someone under so
fast they don't have time to close their eyes. Okay, time to do some
checking."

     She was very methodical and very thorough. She performed some
general tests, and found that magic was involved in Panak's
transformation to some degree. Next, she ascertained that it wasn't a
curse or other external cause. She finally learned that some type of
evocation magic had been used, but that for all she could tell the
changes were actually natural in nature. She did further tests in the
evocation area, though, and eventually discovered the demon within
Panak's body.

     Zorina made a few more preparations, and then went into a trance to
try to contact the demon. Though she could have learned what she needed
by other means, talking to the demon itself was easier and faster. Of
course, if the demon proved recalcitrant, she could fall back on those
other means.

     She probed into Panak's body and mind, searching for the trigger
that would force the demon to respond. Just as she found it, though, the
demon presented itself to her in a female form and said, "What do you
seek?"

     Zorina spent a moment identifying the type of demon before her, and
learned that the form she saw was its natural one. She said, "Information
only, spirit of Hanfernol. By what authority do you inhabit this body?"

     "By the Rite of Buralak, and the Contract of Mertholian, all
properly executed and finalized."

     Zorina had figured to hear that answer as soon as she had discovered
the demon's type: it followed from the condition of Panak's body. She
asked, "How long until the full Price has been paid by he who bound you?"

     "Six months more will see the man Panak transformed fully into a
woman, inside and out."

"How long before the process becomes irreversible?"

     "In four more months, exactly 10 months after the binding, the outer
change will be complete and he will appear to be completely a woman save
for his reproductive organs. Once that date has passed, the final stage
will begin - the conversion of his male organs to female ones. For the
11th month, his penis and testicles will shrink until he is completely
neuter between his legs. During the 12th month, he will develop complete
female organs. By the 1 year mark, he will be completely female, able to
bear children as well as nurse them. The beginning of this final stage
marks the last point where the Price may be aborted: should I be
exorcised from Panak after the start of the final stage, the process will
continue anyway. Without my presence though, he may well go mad as his
body changes. Only my presence guarantees his mental stability."

     Zorina paused a moment to absorb the flood of information, and then
asked, "What are the consequences of aborting the Price prematurely?"

     "The body of knowledge for which Panak has paid has been transmitted
to him these last six months. Should I be exorcised any time before the
final stage begins, the consequences are dire - usually fatal. The
severity of the consequence goes down as the 11th month nears, being at
its least on the last day before the final stage begins. After that,
there is no consequence imposed, since it comes naturally."

     "One last question, Lady demon," said Zorina. "What is the final,
least consequence imposed on that last day?"

     "If I am exorcised on that last day, then in order for Panak to keep
his altered body, he will have to ..."
                                  *
     Panak woke as if from a very deep sleep, though unaware of how he
had come to be asleep. The last think he remembered was drinking that
gypsy's drink, and now here he was in bed - alone.

     He looked around and saw by the quality of the light coming through
the window that it was mid-evening. By that torchlight, he also saw the
note.

     He picked it up and went to the window to read it. It said, "Dearest
Panak: Zorina has told me everything: I know why you are turning into a
woman. The Pact you made accounts for your reputation, but I'm sure that
you didn't know what price you would have to pay - the one you are now
paying.

     "I'm sorry I don't have time to explain everything to you in writing
- I have to go away for a few days to deal with some emergency in the
country, and the coach is waiting for me right now. But, I promise to
fill you in as soon as I get back. Then we need to discuss your future.
If this emergency wasn't so urgent, I'd tell someone else to deal with it
... Well, soonest begun, soonest done. See you in a few days, Love,
Alian."

     Panak read the note three times, each time becoming more and more
afraid. There wasn't anything in the letter itself, but he seemed to see
something between the lines, something terrifying. He saw his expulsion
from the Countess' - Alian's - life. She knew what he had done, and knew
why he was changing. And she didn't like it, or him.

     In the past three months, Panak had come to see the Countess as his
life. While he had, before, done very well on his own, he could no longer
imagine such. Without the Countess, he would be without life, without
hope - he would be dead. And this note - it foretold that death.

     Panak went a little wild then. He dressed - not realizing that his
wardrobe had changed so much that he looked quite remarkable now -
somewhere in between a fop and a lady in waiting. He made sure he had
money, then fled the estate of the Countess, not willing to be dismissed
face to face. As he rant into the night of the city, he wondered what he
would do now.
                                  *
     The knocking was so faint that if Gelso hadn't been walking in front
of the gate, taking breakfast to the duty-guard, he would never have
heard it. He hurried into the gatehouse and delivered the meal, but he
didn't stop to chat with Hener as he usually did. Instead, he returned to
the gate and opened the postern. There, feebly clawing at the gate,
bloody and in tatters, was Panak, the Countess' current man. Gelso knew
how important Panak was to the Countess, being her chamber-servant and so
fairly well placed among the staff. He got Hener to help him carry Panak,
whom neither had realized wasn't still within the estate, up to the
Countess' bathing room. Then, left alone with the young man, Gelso did
his best (which was very good) to fix Panak up.

     First, he stripped the young man of the remains of his unique
clothing, which had been almost as badly treated as Panak had been. Being
a good man- servant, Gelso had never said a thing to either Panak of the
Countess about how strange the young lord had taken to dressing and
acting, because it wasn't his place or station. Of course, that didn't
stop the servants from gossiping among themselves, and Panak's increasing
girlishness was a favorite topic. But not for Gelso, both because he
considered himself above that soft of back biting, and because he found
absolutely nothing ridiculous about Panak.

     Once the young lord was naked on a bench in the bathing room, Gelso
cleaned up his numerous wounds with a sponge and a bucket. He could see
that most of the wounds had been caused by scraping across some hard
surface, probably a floor. There were a few cuts - they looked as if they
had been intended to taunt, not injure - and lots of bruises. After
making sure the excess blood and all the dirt was cleansed from Panak's
unconscious body, Gelso lifted the young lord into the tub and arranged
him comfortably in the slightly medicated warm water. He looked at Panak,
somewhat bemused by the slightly feminine contours of the young man. It
was impossible for servants to desire their masters, and even moreso for
a servant to covet the play-toy of their master. But Gelso had been
attracted to Panak from the very first day the Countess had brought him
home, and He hadn't missed the young lord's attention riveted on him that
first morning, and often since. And, what with the way Panak was becoming
more and more girlish every day, Gelso was finding him more and more
attractive. But the first move had to come from him - masters could break
any rule as they pleased, but the same was not permitted the servants...

     After a nice long soak, Gelso scrubbed Panak down and sluiced him
off. Then, after drying him off (and thrilling again to contact with his
excitingly soft and strangely rounded body), Gelso tucked the young lord
into the Countess' bed. He left long enough to get a tray of cold foods,
some drinks, and to have his daily duties reassigned. Then he returned to
the Countess' room to wait on Panak.
                                  *
     Panak awoke abruptly to memories of abandonment and despair, then
pain and humiliation. He recognized the Countess' bed and bedroom, and
briefly wondered how he had come to be here. Then he remembered where
those feelings he had awakened to had come from and he moaned and wished
he were dead.

     "You're awake, sir." Panak tracked the voice and was only somewhat
surprised to see Gelso sitting by the sideboard. The manservant rose and
walked over to the bed, and said, "How do you feel, sir?"

     Panak looked at Gelso silently for a few moments. Finally he decided
to answer, but not as master to servant. He thought that his life as a
lord of leisure was over, and last night's attempt to return to his
former life as a son of the court hadn't gone well at all. He hoped that
this servant could help him find a new life now that the Countess was
through with him. And maybe there was something more to his decision ...

     "Well, Gelso, I feel a lot better than I expected to , considering
..."

     Some of his pain must have showed on his face for Gelso sat on the
edge of the bed and said, "Sir, what happened? How did you end up at the
front gate looking like you'd survived a peasant revolt, if only just
barely?"

     Panak smiled just a bit and shifted position. He then noticed that
he was naked beneath the sheets - the satiny surface against his nipples
and skin felt wonderful. After reveling briefly in the sensation, he
wondered again how he had come to be here. He looked at Gelso, and
presumed that the answer was sitting on his bed.

     He sighed slightly and told Gelso about the gypsy and the purpose of
her visit, and then the note and his interpretation of it. He told of his
flight, and his first stop in a pub. He drank a lot very fast, and was
almost immediately victimized. In the better class joints, he was just
ridiculed for his clothes and his manner. he went from bar to bar, pub to
inn, looking for someplace he would be accepted. As he moved lower in the
town, he was assaulted more and more physically. Slapping, punching,
pushing him down. The occasional knife, though they were never wielded to
severely injure him. He had been chivveyed and chased from taproom to
taproom, all the way down to the docks. There, finally beaten
unconscious, he was left alone. How he had returned to the Countess'
estate he didn't know - must have been pure instinct within the delirium
and pain.

     When Gelso touched his shoulder, Panak didn't even falter in his
narrative, though he did feel a shiver run through him. And when that
hand squeezed every once in a while, and his body shivered again each
time, he still didn't halt his story. But, he did his best - and it
wasn't hard - to call up the feelings in him at the end of his attempted
escape so that when he got to the end of his story he was crying.

     Triumph suffused his body when Gelso leaned over and hugged him.
Somehow (the demon?), Panak knew that there was more than just comfort in
that hug, and that was all the encouragement he needed. Hoping that the
demon could help him in this endeavor, he stemmed his tears, turned his
face up, and kissed Gelso on the lips.
                                  *
     Gelso tightened his arms around Panak and returned the kiss, pouring
as much passion as he could summon up into it. Soon, though it had been
Panak who had begun the kiss, the young lord let Gelso take over, easily
giving over the reigns to the servant and becoming the submissive
partner. So, when Gelso had had his fill (for the time being) of Panak's
lips, he broke away and let Panak recline again on the bed.

     Standing, Gelso took hold of the sheets and stripped them off of the
bed, revealing the lovely nude feminized from of Panak lying there on the
satin basesheet. he made such a sweet picture that Gelso almost didn't
want to disturb it. But the sight of the lord's nascent breasts, and his
hard cock curving up over his stomach, enticed him to meddle with it.

     Kneeling beside the bed, Gelso reached out and placed a tentative
finger on Panak's closest nipple. The young lord gasped and arched his
chest up, then moaned when Gelso lightly rolled the hardening nubbin
between two fingers. Smiling, Gelso began to touch, then squeeze, then
caress his other breast while lightly touching his tongue to the first
nipple. Panak gasped loudly when Gelso sucked his nipple into his mouth,
then his moans got frequent and loud as well.

     Gelso kept up his breast massage and nipple sucking until Panak's
hips were writhing, his cock straining, and his face so contorted with
pleasure that Gelso was half afraid the young lord would hurt himself. He
placed one last kiss on each nipple, then stood up straight. While Panak
unwound from his pleasure, Gelso removed his belt and tunic, and his
shoes. Still wearing his tights, he climbed back onto the bed, this time
between Panak's legs.

     When Gelso placed a hand on each of Panak's thighs, the young lord
gasped and started up to his elbows. Gelso looked into Panak's eyes and
smiled, and, after a bit, Panak smiled back. Gelso's smile turned into an
almost leer, and then he turned his attention to the task at hand.

     The servant bowed his head above Panak's cock. The young lord's cock
was a fine specimen, clean of line, almost delicately formed, somewhat
small - not more than a hand and a half, and slender. Gelso admired it,
though not for its size or shape, but for who it was attached to. He had
seen a large number of organs (though he had sampled a somewhat smaller
number) and he had found that no matter how awe inspiring a cock was, it
was the person behind it that made the relationship. Gelso had bedded
both smaller and larger endowed people, and had found little enough
overall difference that size just wasn't a factor in him having a good
time. of course, where blowjobs were concerned, smaller was better ...

     Gelso began by carefully cupping Panak's hairless balls in one hand.
Then, he opened his mouth wide, lowered it over half of Panak's cock, and
closed his lips on the shaft. Bobbing slightly up and then down to caress
the shaft, he used his tongue to thrill the head of the cock. Gelso spent
a good long time like that, using his other hand to caress the young
lord's stomach, hips, and thighs (all very hairless, smooth, and
deliciously soft and sensuous).

     When Panak began to moan and thrash his head about a bit, Gelso
opened his lips and engulfed the entirety of the young lord's cock. With
his nose buried in the light, soft, sparse pubic hair at its base, he
caressed the cock with his whole mouth.

     Gelso loved the taste of cock - both in general, and specifically
the one in his mouth. It almost seemed to taste faintly feminine, but
that may have been an illusion produced by the condition of Panak's body.
It did still have a basically male flavor - salty, nutty, and a basic but
undescribably taste that was the essence of male. it was that that was
different here than with other men he had had - slightly less, slightly
different ... something delicate and subtle. He savored the taste - the
different and the familiar - as he proceeded to pleasure the young lord.
Panak was responding very well in turn - without the tricks Gelso knew
the event would have taken very little time, but even so it didn't last
as long as Gelso might have liked. Panak's hips stopped moving, his balls
contracted, and his seed began to pulse through his cock. Gelso pulled
back enough to hold just the head in his lips, so he could savor the
taste of Panak's cum on his tongue for as long as possible. Again, there
was a difference in the taste even beyond the normal taste variance from
man to man - that hint of femininity, somehow. Whatever the reason, if
there was really a difference, Gelso loved the taste and wished there was
more.

     He cleaned the young lord's cock thoroughly both to prolong Panak's
pleasure and to consume every last drop of his fantastic cum. When he was
finished, Gelso stretched himself out next to Panak, threw an arm across
his breasts, cupping the far one and pinching its nipple, and began
kissing him again. Panak didn't respond right away - he was still
recovering from his orgasm - but Gelso's talented tongue and slowly
moving fingers reawakened Panak's interest and he began to kiss in
return.

     Gelso knew what he wanted next. After Panak was rearoused
sufficiently, Gelso pulled away gently and tenderly and straddled Panak's
neck, after pausing long enough to slip out of his tights.

     Gelso smiled as he watched fear and fascination war on Panak's face
as he stared at the weapon right in front of him. Gelso's cock was about
a half-hand longer than Panak's and slightly thicker, but surprisingly
even more hairfree than Panak's - in fact, Gelso's groin was completely
devoid of hair. Even before the fascination had completely forced the
fear from his face, Panak's hands were moving toward Gelso's doubly naked
cock. By the time the young noble finally touched the servant's cock,
curiosity and growing lust had joined the fascination.

     Gelso settled back a little as he felt those curiously soft hands
begin to explore his hairless crotch, and almost immediately felt his ass
pushing against Panak's small breasts. 'What a perfect seat' he thought,
then gasped when he felt a tentative tongue touch his cock. He looked
down and was ready to give advice in pleasuring him, but he saw the
concentration on the lord's face and how the hands had begun to move with
more surety and less eager exploration, so he shut his mouth and let
Panak work.

     He felt his balls being caressed tenderly, and a careful finger
pressing between his asscheeks from the front. He felt the delicate touch
of Panak's tongue feather-licking up and down his shaft, punctuated by a
momentary flash of hot, wet pleasure as his cockhead was engulfed briefly
and then released again. As Gelso tried very hard to delay his orgasm
from his side of the game he wondered just where the skill he was feeling
had come from, as he was fairly sure that the young lord had never taken
pleasure from his own sex before.

     Panak didn't rely solely on Gelso to prolong their pleasure either -
Gelso could tell that the young lord was doing his best to delay and
heighten the servant's pleasure, and Gelso was surprised by some of the
tricks used, including the one that managed to keep him fully hard and
ready to go again mere minutes after the many minutes of excitement and
building pleasure were rewarded by his body-wrenching orgasm and several
mouthsful of man-cum for Panak. But hard and ready he was when Panak
ejected his cock from his mouth and said, "Please fuck me, Gelso."

     The servant looked into the lord's eyes and saw the lust there, the
honest want. Smiling, Gelso removed himself from Panak's chest and the
bed, the leaned down to kiss Panak on the lips. Leaving the lord panting
slightly, Gelso walked over to the bathing room and retrieved a small
vial of oil. Rolling the bottle between his hands, causing the reactive
stone to heat up and begin warming the oil within, Gelso returned to his
mistress' bed and the reclining figure of the young lord thereon.

     He climbed back onto the bed and positioned himself between Panak's
widespread legs. He poured out a palm-full of oil and massaged it into
his cock. Next, he poured out some more of the slightly thick, perfectly
warm fluid and gently applied it to the flesh behind Panak's balls and
between his asscheeks. One more portion of oil, smaller this time, was
directed specifically onto Panak's anal ring. Gelso massaged the oil
tenderly into that muscle, slowly pressing his finger into it, pushing
some of the lubricant within Panak's body - enough to ease initial entry.

     Setting the vial down, Gelso lifted Panak's legs and hooked his
knees over his shoulders. Positioning his cock right at Panak's asshole,
Gelso took firm hold of the young lord's hips and began to press forward.
Entry was slow at first, but Gelso kept up a steady pressure and he
gained admittance slowly. Panak's face was a grimace of paid underlaid by
growing pleasure. As Gelso watched, the pain vanished, and suddenly the
passage he was trying to invade stopped resisting so completely. His
cockhead sank swiftly into Panak's body, after which a little pressure
returned, slowing the continued entry to the perfect speed.

     Now firmly lodged, Gelso let his hands roam. One began caressing
Panak's torso, especially his breasts. The other stayed near Panak's
cock, stroking it and his balls, but also playing with the smooth skin of
his groin and thighs. And, he continued pressing his cock into Panak's
body.

     Eventually, Gelso was fully inside, his own groin flesh pressing
against Panak's ass and balls. He began to withdraw after pausing for a
moment to allow the young lord to feel his length within him fully. He
withdrew until his cockhead was pulling on the lord's anal ring, then
changed direction again. In and out, again and again, stimulating both of
them slowly but greatly. Additional pleasure was fed to Panak by the
gentle caresses, and the slightly more than gentle handling of his
nipples and cock.

     Their pleasure built rapidly, but leveled off short of an orgasm.
They worked together, Panak passively, Gelso actively, building pleasure
higher and higher but in slow, widely spaced increments. Time passed, and
they reveled in each other. And, as had to happen eventually, it came to
an end. First, Panak's ass muscles began to spasm rhythmically,
indicating his first (ever) internal orgasm. Next, triggered by this,
Gelso's cock fired off its second cum of the evening, sustaining its
contractions for a surprisingly long time. And lastly, though it had been
receiving almost as much attention as his ass, Panak's cock erupted for
its second time, sending white ropes of cum as far as the underside of
his breasts. And, when all three expressions of satisfaction died away,
Gelso lowered himself down onto Panak's body, letting the lord's legs
slip down his sides. After Kissing Panak for a long, lingering time, they
settled into each others' arms, content to bask in their mutual pleasure.
                                  *
     Panak awoke in the arms of the handsome servant a different man.
More complete, more...fulfilled. He had learned how to pleasure women
thanks to his pact with the demon, but he now knew that that had only
been half of the possibilities available to him. And Gelso had shown him
the other half - an introduction he would always be grateful for. He was
aware that the demon had helped him suck Gelso's cock, and in taking that
cock into his ass - but it hadn't (entirely) been due to the demon that
he had enjoyed the servant's ministrations. The very slight ache in his
ass reminded him of the pleasure of last night, and he smiled dreamily
and snuggled into Gelso's arms.

     The movement woke Gelso and they kissed tenderly. Panak felt his
cock begin to stir again, but he wanted to know something first.

     "Gelso, is there someplace we can go? I ... I don't want to be
kicked out by the Countess. I'd rather just leave ... be gone when she
gets back ..."

     The servant pushed himself up on his elbows and looked into Panak's
eyes. "Do you really want to leave the Countess?" he asked.

     "Well, n-no," Panak answered. "But, that letter ... she's going to
get rid of me because of what Zorina told her ... I've got enough pride
left to want to leave before I'm dumped."

     "Panak, dear ... I think you're wrong about the letter and what the
Countess intends. I've been on her staff for quite a while, and never
have I seen her act so callously. Promise me you'll give her a chance. If
it seems she is really going to get rid of you, we'll go away together -
I've got family in the Capitol ... it won't be a problem. Okay?"

     Panak sighed, and said, "Okay, Gelso. If you say so. I'll wait, as
long as you let me repeat last night." He smiled, feeling his cock
twitching into full life against the servant's stomach.

     Gelso smiled back and said, "Of course, my lord, whatever you wish."
He bowed, a maneuver that was difficult from his reclining position but
which ended with his mouth on Panak's cock, which turned Panak's smile
into a deep sigh of lust arising.
                                  *
     The Countess had been back for an hour before making it to her room.
A page alerted Gelso and Panak that she was on her way up. The two men
(one and a half?) kissed, and Gelso slipped out with the page.

     Panak sat there, nervously awaiting the Countess. He almost believed
Gelso when he had said the Countess didn't intend to get rid of him - but
he was just self conscious enough to harbor the tiniest shred of doubt.
At least he had a prospect beyond the Countess' favor ...

     The door opened and the Countess strode in, shutting the door behind
her. She leaned against it, sighing, then found Panak sitting by the
window. her harried look softened completely and she walked over to him
and collapsed at his feet, hugging him around the waist.

     "Oh, my dearest Panak - I've missed you terribly, love. I'm so sorry
about leaving you like that, but I had to go. Now, I know you're dying to
know about what Zorina had to say and I'll tell you soon. We've got plans
to make - it will be difficult to exorcise your demon before the contract
is up. Also, there's a little penalty involved - I hope you don't balk at
it. I really love you the way you are - I don't want to see you become a
complete female. But ... that's for later, when I have the time to tell
the tale properly. Now, I need a bath - and your help getting one. Come
along, dearest ... come along ..."
                                  *
     Panak lay nestled against the Countess' side, his head on her
shoulder and breast, his hands casually resting one between her breasts
(almost cupping the one against which his chin rested like a pillow) and
one in the slight depression where her thigh met her groin, fingertips
touching her soft pubic hair casually, tenderly, but not in any way
erotically. He was far too satisfied for that, and so, he know, was the
Countess. Their reunion had been long and drawn out. First their bath,
which lasted far longer than the heated water. Then the conversation over
a meal, during which Panak had opened up completely to the Countess about
his fears and his flight ... and his return. Even, after some hesitation,
his day with Gelso. Much of the fear he had been hiding up 'till then
vanished when the Countess smiled and kissed him for telling her about
the servant. Apparently, not only did she not mind, she was looking
forward to adding Gelso to their bed games at times. And then she had
told him about the penalty he would incur when the demon was exorcised.
He smiled in remembrance of the smile he had given then, and what had
followed, which had led him to his near-sleep state now. And, good, warm
memories foremost in his mind, he let himself settle into that slumber,
content.
                                  *
     A full ten months to the day after Panak had made the Pact with his
demon, he stepped into a prepared chamber naked and a very different
person from the one who had sealed himself with hot wax to a pentacle,
uttered arcane words, and made a deal with a demon for knowledge without
understanding anything of the price he had agreed to pay.

     The difference wasn't only physical, although that was the most
easily visible change. Panak's body had blossomed fully into womanhood.
Long, silky hair flowed down from his head to frame a face much softened
from its former masculine state. His eyes were larger and more
expressive, his nose slightly smaller, and his lips fuller. He had a
long, harrow neck with no adam's apple at all, that flowed into soft
shoulders. Long, delicate arms and fingers that could never, ever have
wielded a sword. Full, rounded breasts with tiny maroon nipples. A narrow
waist with a slightly mounded stomach, which flared into expansive hips
and a magnificent teardrop of an ass. Long legs that became delicate feet
completed the feminine picture - and then there was his cock framed by
just a sparse fringe of hair there in the center of his groin above two
hairless pink balls. Panak at times fancied that his cock *had* changed,
become more feminine along with the rest of his body. But both the
Countess and Gelso (not to mention Panak) still enjoyed it immensely, so
it didn't really matter so long as it continued to function.

     More profound than the physical change was the internal change.
Panak was no longer a listless, bored young lord who had problems with
self confidence, as well as sticking to things. Now, he was much more
self assured, much more thoughtful and thorough. His mastery of such
'manly' arts as fencing and hunting had fallen into disuse, replaced by
gentler arts, and spending time with his Countess and Gelso. There was
actually not much left of the original, pre-Pact, Panak left internally,
either - and he didn't mind it a bit.

     Both Gelso and the Countess were already in the room, having been
the ones who had prepared it. Madame Zorina had provided detailed
instructions on the ritual required for the exorcism, but it fell to
Gelso to perform the rites as the Countess didn't have enough talent to
do it herself. But she was there for moral support and to help out in
other ways, so while Gelso prepared himself by concentrating on the words
he was to say, the Countess helped Panak through his own preparations.

     The hardest part of the preparation was going to be the initial
step. In the proper position on the floor was a silver pentagram. Within
the pentagram was affixed a curious, cylindrical object pointing up from
the floor. Panak had practiced with one of these to get ready - it wasn't
quite as easy to take in a rigid object as it was a cock. He had greased
his ass before coming down, so with the Countess' help he slowly lowered
himself down and onto the dildo in the center of the pentagram. Pleasure
and discomfort battled in his body as more and more of the carved and
lacquered object entered him. After what seemed an eternity, he felt the
floor under his buttocks, and he was completely 'seated' upon the
phallus.

     Very carefully, conscious of the rod within him and the ways it
influenced his movement range, he positioned his arms and legs while the
countess used specially prepared ropes and wax to painlessly seal him to
the pentagram. Had he done more research, he could have used this method
in his first invocation - it accomplished the same thing as applying the
wax directly to his skin, and he could have even substituted the rope and
wax method on his cock for the dildo in his ass, though the latter method
provided certain added efficiencies to the ritual.

     Fully prepared, the Countess kissed Panak on the mouth and retreated
from the pentagram. She touched Gelso lightly on the shoulder to signal
that all was ready, then took a seat by the wall. Gelso opened his eyes
and asked Panak, "Are you sure you are ready, love?" Seeing his
distracted nod (and realizing its reason and clenching his own asscheeks
in sympathy/envy), he smiled and began.

     Panak concentrated on breathing evenly as Gelso's voice droned
around him. He felt the words enter him and he let them echo around
inside until they began to set up the resonances in his mind that dropped
him into the trance. he felt his body begin to float away from the floor,
and then his mind began to move faster and leave his body behind. It came
to rest in a vast emptiness that almost instantly became less empty when
first a wavering image of Gelso appeared, and then a strange double image
combining Panak's body and that of the demoness which inhabited it became
visible.

     Panak's only involvement in the exorcism would to just be there -
Gelso would be the one to liberate Panak's body from the demon. So, he
watched as Gelso began making passes in the air, forming symbols that
remained behind in glowing lines of light. After the fourth symbol was
complete, the Panak-body image faded from around the demoness. Gelso
spoke for the first time, saying, "Demon, your presence is no longer
required. We hereby break the contract you had with Panak - leave his
body and return from whence you came."

     The demoness answered, "The price required of Panak should you
succeed in removing me is acceptable? Ingesting the male essence once a
day will be imperative - the consequences of missing even one day will be
disastrous."

     "The price is acceptable," said Gelso, smiling, and Panak smiled
too.

     "Then let the contest begin," said the demoness. "Your will against
mine, but the host - Panak - will feel the results of our striving. And
one word from him will tip the balance in my favor, and I will not be
exorcisable until the contract is up. If you are ready, let us begin."

     The pain began immediately. At first it was slight, just an ache in
his chest. Then, his nipples and cock started tingling, but the tingle
soon turned to fire, a burning itching that spread across his whole torso
very slowly.

     As the pain grew, Panak struggled to contain it. He felt a cool
thread of comfort trickling into him from Gelso, but most of his
man-lover's concentration had to be on defeating the demoness. The pain
grew until that coolness was almost drowned out. He was on the edge of
shouting "Stop!" when he felt another sensation. Coldness - a river of
soothing icy calm flowed into him, all but pushing the pain completely
away. He turned his astral aspect and saw a very unsubstantial image of
the Countess right behind him, her hands intersecting his astral aspect
and feeding him support directly. He smiled at her, settling into her
aura, and returned his attention to the battle between Gelso and the
demoness.

     As the conflict continued, Panak felt the intensity of the pain
increase. But it grew very slowly, and the Countess' support was more
than enough to help him withstand it. Still, he had begun to feel real
pain again by the time that the image of the demoness flashed deeply red,
and then changed to a soft green. The pain stopped, and Panak felt
himself flooded with strength from both Gelso and the Countess.

     The demoness said, "The contract is broken. The host has received
much from me, and must still pay the price for not completing the agreed
upon term. It is done." And the green shadow vanished.

     Gelso spoke a single word and Panak found himself back in his real
body. The Countess was already freeing his arms and legs of the wax-bound
ropes, and when he was free, both Gelso and the Countess gently lifted
him off of the dildo.

     As they all embraced, Panak asked, "I'm free?"

     Gelso answered, "Yes. She's gone and you won't change any further.
And I, for one, am quite pleased about that - you are exquisite just as
you are."

     Panak smiled as Gelso kissed him, and then he giggled when he felt
the Countess' fingers on his breast. He turned to her as she said, "I,
too, am quite pleased, my lord. I praise your original intent, as well as
your incomplete research that brought you to this state and to me. I love
you, Panak."

     And the oddly assorted trio began a life of love and happiness
together.

FIN
