     A couple were invited to a swanky Halloween party and the
wife got costumes for both.  On the night of the dance she got a
headache and told her husband to go without her.  She then took
two aspirins and went to bed.  The husband got into his costume
and hurried to the party.
     The wife, after sleeping an hour, awoke refreshed, the
headache gone.  Since her husband did not know what kind of
costume she was wearing she thought it would be interesting to
slip into the party and see how he acted when she wasn't around.
     After joining the party the first person she saw was her
husband, cavorting around the dance floor.  Dancing with one chick
after another, sneaking a feel here and there.  The wife, a
seductive babe herself, siddled up to her husband.
     He immediately left his partner and devoted full time to the
new stuff at hand.  She let him go as far as he wished and finally
accepted his proposition.  They went outside to the car, got in
the back seat, and had a jolly good bouncing time.  Just before
the unmasking at midnight, she slipped away, went home and got
into bed.
     While waiting for his return, she wondered what kind of
explanation he would have for his behavior.
     The husband finally got home and came into the bedroom to
inquire about her headache.  She immediately asked him, "Did you
enjoy yourself at the party?  What did you do?  Who did your dance
with?"
     He replied, "You know I never enjoy myself when you're not
around.  To tell you the truth, I never danced a dance.  When I
got to the party, Pete Jones, Bill Brown and some of the other
guys who came stag, asked me to play poker with them in the den, I
enjoyed it pretty much.  But the guy I loaned my costume to said
that he had one hell of a good time."