GILLIGAN'S ISLAND: "Passion Fruit" (Part 1)


(Everybody sing!!)

Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale, a tale of a fateful trip
That started in this tropic port, aboard this tiny Ship.
The mate was a mighty sailin' man, the Skipper brave and sure,
Five passengers set sail that day for a three hour tour.

A three hour tour.

The weather started getting rough, the tiny ship was tossed.
If not for the courage of the fearless crew, the Minnow would be lost.

The Minnow would be lost.

The ship set ground on the shore of this uncharted desert isle
With Gilligan, the Skipper too, the Millionaire and his wife,
A movie star, the Professor and Mary Ann, here on Gilligans Isle.

.............................................................................

Gilligan was crouching in the bushes, peering through the foliage, as Ginger
waded into the sweetwater pool under the waterfall.

Her back was toward him as she moved under the waterfall.  He saw her drop her
clothing and caught a glimpse of her bare ass before it was covered with the
white water.

"C'mon, Ginger, turn around," he whispered.  "Turn around..."

He reached down into his pants and gripped his penis, already erect.  He pulled
it out and stroked it, watching the shadowy image of Ginger's naked bottom
through the flowing water.

.............................................................................

Under the waterfall, Ginger smiled secretly to herself.  "He's out there again,"
she mumbled to herself.  "Who could miss that hat?"

She rubbed herself with the mild coconut soap the Professor had made for her.
Her fingers rolling over her firm breasts and erect nipples, made firm not only
by the cold water but by the knowledge that Gilligan was watching her again.

Her hands moved down her body to her groin, around her hips, then to her groin,
her fingers sliding through her red pubic hair into the warmth of her pussy.
Her fingertips found her clit, and she sucked air through her teeth as she
rubbed her love button.

"I'll give Gilligan a thrill," she said, as she relaxed under the waterfall.

.............................................................................

Gilligan stared at the glimmering waterfall, as Ginger's rear end broke through
the water.  He saw the pink pucker of her asshole, the darkness of her nether
lips below.

"Nnnnnnngggggggghhhhh!" Gilligan groaned, as a glob of white burst from his
cock, coating the palm leaves in front of him, as he fell backwards, landing on
his ass.  "Ow," he said, falling backwards into a somersault.  His head hit a
tree, and he blacked out.

.............................................................................

Ginger looked back through her legs and saw Gilligan's hat disappear.  She
giggled and stood up again and backed up into the waterfall to rinse the soap
from her body.  She reached over and grabbed her towel and wrapped it around
her.  Her body would dry on its own in this tropical air; she only brought the
towel with her to cover up with.

She casually glanced over to the bushes where Gilligan was hiding.  He seemed to
be gone.  She smiled a secret little smile as she walked back to the hut.

.............................................................................

Roy Hinkley, otherwise known as "the Professor", was in his hut, working on the
radio again.  He had already cannibalized every electronic device that had been
on the Minnow, and was frankly worried that his wizardry with the radio was
finally at an end.  He heated a wire held in a wooden handle over a candle, and
attempted to resolder the broken circuit board.

"Shit!" he sputtered, as the board slipped off the table and fell to the floor,
breaking the jerry-rigged repairs once again.

"That's it," he sighed.  "We're completely out of touch with civilization."

.............................................................................

Lovey Howell stared into the mirror, and started to apply her makeup.  The
Professor's substitute for her pancake base was a little grainy, but it was the
right color.  The red berry lipstick was not.  'But it is tasty', she thought,
licking the lipstick, the motion reminding her of.... something.

"Oh!" she said, suddenly remembering.  "Oh, it's been years..."  She looked over
at Thurston, snoring on the cot.  "But I think the lipstick's bigger."  She
smiled, softly.

.............................................................................

Mary Ann was back behind her hut working at the stone oven.  She plucked a
freshly baked piecrust out of the oven, and set it on her table.  She turned,
and stirred the pineapple-coconut creme mixture in the bowl while the piecrust
cooled.

.............................................................................

Captain Jonas Grumby was beside the lagoon, casting a fishing line into the
water.  Suddenly, there was a high pitched whine behind him.  He turned, to see
two men; one tall, dressed in blue shirt and black trousers, the other was
dressed in a gold shirt and black trousers.  The taller man's ears looked
strangely pointed.

The two looked at the Skipper a moment, then the shorter man said, "I thought
you said this island was uninhabited."

The man in blue said, "According to our records, this island was uncharted until
1977.  Logically, it would be assumed to be uninhabited."

The man in gold reached behind him, and brought forward a small box, and flipped
it open.  "Beam us up, Mr. Scott."

"Wait!" the Skipper shouted.  "We're the passengers and crew of the Minnow!
Can't you rescue us?"

"Sorry," the man in gold shrugged.  "We're not allowed to interfere."

There was a high-pitched whine, and the two men seemed to dissolve.  The Skipper
was left alone on the beach, staring at the empty space where the two men had
once been.

.............................................................................

Gilligan staggered back to his feet, and looked toward the waterfall.  Ginger
and her clothing were gone.  He tucked his penis back into his pants, and headed
back toward the compound.

As he walked down the path, a bright yellow color caught his eye.  He stepped
over to the plant, a leafy vine curling up the side of a palm tree.  The vine
was covered with fairly large, bright yellow fruit.

Gilligan picked one of the fruits and sniffed it.  It smelled faintly of
banana... no, of strawberry... no, of raspberry.... it smelled delicious.
Without thinking, he popped the fruit into his mouth.  It _was_ delicious.

Gilligan started picking as many of the fruits as he could reach, gathering them
up in his shirt, pulling the hem up to form a pocket.

.............................................................................

Mary Ann touched the piecrust; it was cool enough to put her pie filling into.
She started scooping the coconut-pineapple mixture into the piecrust and sighed.
"I'm so tired of coconut and pineapple..."

.............................................................................

At that moment, Gilligan burst out of the jungle.  Mary Ann jumped, startled.

"Oh, Gilligan, you scared me!"  She fussed.

"Sorry.  Where's the Professor?"

"He's in his hut.  What have you got there?"

"I don't know.  I've never seen them before."  He poured out the fruits on the
table.

Mary Ann picked one up and sniffed it.  "Smells delicious."

"They are."

"Gilligan!" she exclaimed,  "You didn't eat one, did you?"

"Yeah."

"You remember what the Professor said," she scolded, "Don't eat anything you
don't know."

Gilligan picked up one of the fruits and said, "I'm going to check with the
Professor."

As he left, Mary Ann sniffed the fruit again and smiled.

.............................................................................

"Where did you say you found these?" the Professor asked.  He reached for a book
on his makeshift shelf.

"Between here and the sweetwater pool," Gilligan said.

"Hmmmmm," the Professor said, turning pages.  He took a knife and sliced open
the fruit.  Inside were a mass of tiny seeds.

"Here it is," he said, pointing at the page.  "Looks like you don't need to
worry, Gilligan, they're perfectly safe to eat."

"Thank goodness."  Gilligan gasped.  "I'll go tell Mary Ann."

.............................................................................

"And the Professor says they're good to eat?"  Mary Ann asked.

"No, he said they were safe to eat."  Gilligan picked up another fruit.  "I said
they were good."

"Then they're going in my pie.  I'm very tired of coconut and pineapple."  Mary
Ann picked up a knife, and started slicing the fruits, and arranged the slices
on the pie.

Gilligan watched as Mary Ann sliced and arranged the slices.  His vision seemed
to go blurry, and for one second, he could have sworn Mary Ann was naked.

"Go wash up for supper," Mary Ann said, continuing to slice the little yellow
fruits.

"Yes, Mother," Gilligan grinned, and headed to his hut.

.............................................................................

Dinner was a nice mess of fish the Skipper had caught and grilled.  After
dinner, Mary Ann brought out her pie.

"These are those new fruits Gilligan found," she said, pointing out the bright
yellow slices.

"They're delicious," Mrs. Howell smiled.  "Gilligan's always finding lovely
things."

"Now if he could only find a gin-and-tonic-tree," Thurston Howell grumbled.

The Professor winced.  "You know I've done my best since your liquor ran out,
Mr. Howell.  But juniper trees don't grow on this island."

"Or a good Kentucky Bourbon tree."

"Mr. Howell..."  The Professor started.

"Very well, very well," Howell said, with a grim face.  "I'll just have to do
with this fruit punch you made up..."  He took a deep swig from his glass and
hiccuped.

.............................................................................

Gilligan's vision blurred again.  As he looked across the table, he could swear
that Ginger and Mary Ann had removed all their clothing.

He blinked.  The vision was still there.  He smiled, admiring Ginger's pink
nipples and Mary Ann's darker brown ones.  He glanced at Mrs. Howell.  She too
was naked, her breasts surprisingly pert for an "older" lady.  Her nipples were
erect and pointed at him.

.............................................................................

"Gilligan?  Gilligan?"

He had been staring for several minutes, a strange smile on his face.  Gilligan
blinked and looked around, his vision clear, and the girls were dressed.

"Are you all right, Little Buddy?" the Skipper asked.

"Yes, yes.   Fine..."  He looked down at his lap, realizing he had a boner.  He
pulled the sailcloth napkin over his lap to conceal the swelling.

.............................................................................

After supper, Mr. & Mrs. Howell excused themselves to go back to their hut.
Ginger and Mary Ann cleared the table, and the Professor headed back to his lab
to work on the radio once more, just in case.

"Skipper, did you notice anything different at supper," Gilligan asked.

"Other than your staring at Mrs. Howell's bosom?"

"You saw it too?"

"Everyone saw it."

"Weren't they beautiful?"

"I meant everyone saw you staring...  What are you talking about?"

"Ummmm... nothing.  Nothing.  Good night, Skipper.  I'm going for a walk."

Gilligan stood up and walked down the path toward the lagoon.

The Skipper sat back, leaning against the table, picking his teeth.  He felt an
unusual pressure in his groin, and reached down to adjust himself.

"Geez," he muttered to himself, "I've got a stiffy that won't quit..."

.............................................................................

Ginger and Mary Ann finished washing the wooden dishes, and racked them up to
dry.

As Ginger dried her hands, she leaned against the washtub.  "Who do you think is
cuter, Mary Ann... The Professor or Gilligan?"

"Do you realize how many times we've had this conversation?"

"Yes, but I'm serious tonight."

"Serious?"

"Yeah...  for some reason, I'm very horny tonight."  Her hands slid down her
body.

Mary Ann dropped her towel over the towel rod and turned to face Ginger.  "You
know, I think I know what you mean."

Ginger put a hand over her crotch.  "I think I'm on fire."

Mary Ann blushed.  She reached down to her own crotch, surprised at the heat she
found there.

"You too?" Ginger asked.

Mary Ann nodded.

"We need men..." Ginger gasped.

"Why?" asked Mary Ann, reaching over to Ginger.  She stepped forward, pressing
her breasts against Ginger's.  She tenderly kissed Ginger's lips.

"Oh gosh," Ginger whispered.  "Let's go inside."

.............................................................................

The Professor was working on the radio again, a frustrating experience, because
as soon as he made one connection, another broke.  He sat back in his chair, his
hand dropping to his lap.

"Holy shit!" he exclaimed, fingering his erection through his pants.  "What a
hard-on!"

He unzipped his pants, releasing his loveprod.  He stroked it slowly, leaning
back in his chair, closing his eyes.

"Mary Ann," he whispered.  "Mary Ann..."

.............................................................................

Lovey Howell looked at her husband in a new light; he was deep in his drink, but
there was a burning sensation in her loins that she had not felt in years.  She
slipped behind her dressing-screen, and took off her dress and undergarments,
and slipped into her flimsiest nightgown.  She looked down at her breasts, the
nipples distended and erect, tenting her nightgown.  She slid her hands down her
body to her crotch, which was hot ...and wet.

She stepped around the screen.  "Thurston..."

Mr. Howell's eyes bugged.  "Lovey, you're lovely!!"

She slid around in front of him, and turned slowly, allowing him to view her
entire body.

Thurston took another deep swig of his drink, and set the bamboo glass on the
endtable.  He grabbed Lovey, and pressed his face between her breasts.

"Oh, Thurston!" she whispered.

.............................................................................

Gilligan wandered around the lagoon, his erection tenting his pants.  He reached
down and untied his trousers, letting them drop around his feet.  He took a firm
grip on his penis, and began stroking, faster and faster.

"Ginger... Ginger... " his voice, beginning low, became a chant as he pumped his
cock.  "Gin-ger-gin-ger-gin-ger-gin-ger"

.............................................................................

"Ginger!"

Mary Ann's voice was a plea, as Ginger's mouth and tongue stroked Mary Ann's
labia and clitoris.

Ginger was kneeling beside Mary Ann's cot, between Mary Ann's legs.  Mary Ann
herself was seated on the edge of the cot, leaning backward, supporting her
upper body on her arms.

"My gosh, Ginger," Mary Ann gasped, "where did you learn to do that?"

Ginger raised her head, but put her fingers where her mouth had been.
"Sometimes you have to sleep with women in Hollywood, too," she smiled.  Her
fingers slipped up into Mary Ann's pussy, slippery with saliva and her
lubricating juices.

"Oh geez," Mary Ann cried, "I'm coming, I'm coming."

Ginger bent back to Mary Ann's clit, sucking on the hard, hot nubbin, as Mary
Ann shook the bed with the force of her orgasm.

Mary Ann sat up, weakly, and leaned forward, taking Ginger's face between her
hands.  She kissed Ginger's lips softly, her tongue darting out, tasting her own
juices on Ginger's mouth.

"Now it's your turn," Mary Ann said, softly.

.............................................................................

Mrs. Howell knelt down beside her husband's chair.  Thurston stood up,
drunkenly, and dropped his pants to the floor and kicked them aside.  He pulled
down his boxer shorts, and kicked them over on top of his trousers.  He sat back
down, pushing his hips forward, his erection pointing at his wife's face.

Lovey leaned forward, drawing his penis between her lips.  "I was right," she
thought, "The lipstick _was_ bigger."

She took his full length into her mouth, her nose pressing against his pubic
hair.  His penis barely reached the back of her mouth.

She rolled her tongue around the head of Thurston's penis, while with one hand
she reached up and massaged his marble-sized testicles.

"Oh, Lovey," Thurston moaned, and he came.

Two spurts of watery fluid splashed into Lovey's mouth, with the vague taste of
fruit juice.  Thurston collapsed into the chair, and before Lovey could stand
up, he was snoring.

"Shit!" said Lovey, then covered her mouth.  Such language!

She stepped over to the window, and slowly opened the shutters.  There in the
compound by the dinner table sat the Captain.  And what was that in his hand?

.............................................................................

The Professor was approaching orgasm.  He grabbed the end of his cock just as he
came, pinching the end, holding in the ejaculate.  He almost rose out of the
chair with the force of his orgasm, but he held his grip.

Still holding his penis, he got up and stepped to the doorway of his hut.  He
stepped outside and around the corner, and let go of his cock.  His semen flowed
out his cock to the ground.

He glanced around to see if anyone was watching.  Nobody in sight.  He tucked
his deflating cock back into his pants.  There was a light still on in Ginger
and Mary Ann's hut.

The Professor quietly crept up on their hut and pushed his fingers quietly
through the palm-frond walls.  He looked through the little space created by his
fingers.

.............................................................................

Ginger was on her back on her cot, her legs spread wide, her knees raised.  Mary
Ann was crouched between Ginger's legs, leaning forward, her mouth pressed
against Ginger's hot, wet pussy.

"Now move your tongue around my clit," Ginger whispered.  "That's it... yes,
ummmm."

Mary Ann's ass was raised up in the air, and as it happens, was pointed directly
toward the Professor's peephole.  He had an excellent view of the pucker of her
asshole, and the dark-haired, wet pussy lips below.  The Professor's cock began
to grow again, and he unzipped, and released it from its prison.

"Put a finger inside me," Ginger whispered.

Mary Ann shifted slightly, and complied, her finger slipping effortlessly into
the wetness of her cunt.

"Now, press up with your finger.  Ahh! UH!  Oh yes... that's it... yessss."

The Professor began to stroke his cock gently as it regained its full erection
again.

.............................................................................

Gilligan was coming, his voice shouting over the surf, "Gin-ger! Gin-Ger!"

He began to ejaculate, his semen launching from his cock like a pistol, landing
in the sand ten feet away.

Suddenly realizing that he was shouting, Gilligan clamped his hands over his
mouth.  He pulled up his pants and retied them.  He started back to the
compound.

.............................................................................

Mrs. Howell quietly slipped out of her hut, still wearing her filmy negligee.
She stepped up behind the Skipper, who she could see was stroking an absolutely
huge erection.

"Captain," she said softly, placing a hand on his shoulder, "may I give you some
help with that?"

The Skipper jumped, his world suddenly becoming bigger than his cock.  He looked
up at Mrs. Howell, her breasts an an even level with his face.  Her filmy
negligee did nothing to hide her body.

Lovey moved around in front of the Captain, knelt down, and planted a kiss on
the knob on the end of his penis.

She wrapped both hands around his shaft.  The Skipper leaned back, as Lovey
kissed his cock again.

She tried to wrap her lips around his penis, but it was too big.  She settled
for placing her lips just around the tip of his cock, tickling his pisshole with
her tongue.

"Mrs. Howell, we mustn't..."

She looked up.  "Never mind Thurston," she said, softly.  "He's out for the
night."

She stood up, without taking her hands from his penis.  "This way, Captain," she
said, and led him into the jungle away from the compound.

.............................................................................

Gilligan approached the compound.  As he neared, he saw a movement near Ginger
and Mary Ann's hut.  He moved quietly, and picked up a sizable stick.  He slid
up behind a man peeping through the wall of the hut.

He raised the stick, and stepped forward... and stepped on a dried branch.  The
Professor rolled to his right, away from the hut.

Gilligan's swing was wide, and he struck the side of the hut.

"What was that?" Ginger cried from inside the hut.

Mary Ann jumped up, grabbed the nearest thing to wear she could find -- a shirt
and threw it on.  Ginger followed suit, wrapping a towel around her body.  They
ran outside.

"Ginger!"

"Professor!"

"Mary Ann!"

"GILLIGAN!"

Ginger looked down at the Professor, still lying on the ground, his cock
sticking out of his pants.

"Were you peeping on us?" she accused.

The Professor blushed.  He nodded.

"Well, why didn't you just join us?" Mary Ann grinned.  She reached down and
took hold of his penis.  "This is just what I've been looking for."

The Professor scrambled to his feet.

Mary Ann led him into the hut.  She stuck her head back out the door.  "Ginger,
do you mind...?"

Ginger looked at Gilligan, then at the bulge in his pants.  She reached down and
felt.  He had a raging hard-on.  She turned back to Mary Ann.  "No, I think I've
found something to keep me busy for a while."

Mary Ann's head disappeared into the hut.

Ginger took Gilligan's hand and they headed toward the lagoon.

.............................................................................

Lovey and the Skipper found a small clearing in the jungle, and Lovey lay down,
hiking her negligee up over her hips.  The Skipper knelt down and kissed her
nether lips, which opened under his touch.  She was sweet and salty, like a
marguerita, but hot.  Gosh, was she hot.

As his tongue worked up her slit to her clitoris, Lovey worked her hands through
the Skipper's thinning hair.  She took off his hat and tossed it aside.

She took hold of his ears, and pulled his head up.  "Never mind that, Captain,"
she said, "I want your cock inside me.  NOW!"

The Skipper climbed up her body, pausing a moment to caress her breasts,
surprisingly firm for a woman of her age.  He placed the head of his cock
against the opening to her vagina.

"I'm afraid I'm too big," he whispered.

"Nothing's too big," she whispered back.  "Just go slowly, but give it to me
now."

The Skipper pushed slowly, and Lovey cooperated by opening her legs wider.
Slowly his huge cockhead slid inside Lovey's cunt.

"Oh, my!" Lovey gasped, "my, my, my!"

.............................................................................

The Professor was on his back on Mary Ann's cot, his clothing stripped away, his
cock standing upright.  Mary Ann climbed on top of him, straddling his hips, his
cock standing up just in front of her pubic hair.

She wrapped her fingers around his cock, stroking softly, her breasts bobbing up
and down with the effort.

The Professor stared at her breasts with the brown nipples for a long moment,
before he reached up to tweak her nipples betwen his fingers.

Mary Ann raised herself up, and guided Roy's cock to her pussy.  Then she slowly
lowered herself on his shaft.  She paused as she reached bottom.  She tossed her
head back, sighing softly.

"I can't believe we've been six years on this fucking island without fucking..."
she whispered.

"Neither do I," the Professor whispered back, reaching for Mary Ann's shoulders.
He pulled her forward, and held her tightly, as he flipped over, putting Mary
Ann on her back.

He began to stroke inside her, his seven-inch cock taking full-length strokes,
rubbing against her clit on each movement.  Mary Ann began to breathe heavily.

.............................................................................

Ginger and Gilligan reached the beach.  Ginger turned and untied Gilligan's
pants, dropping them to the sand.

Gilligan struggled out of his shirt, standing naked on the beach.  Ginger
dropped her towel, and turned around in front of him.

"Does it look good?" she cooed.

"Good," he nodded.  "You look beautiful."

"As good as it looks in the waterfall?"

Gilligan gulped.

Ginger giggled.  "I know you've been watching me, but now..."  she stepped up in
front of him, reaching down to grip his throbbing penis.  "...now we're going to
do more than watch."

She dropped to her knees in the sand, applying her lips to Gilligan's cock,
rolling her tongue around it skillfully.

"Oh my gosh," Gilligan gasped, "it's better than I ever dreamed..."

.............................................................................

The Skipper had finally worked his whole cock inside Mrs. Howell's waiting
pussy.  Her labia were stretched almost to the limit around his shaft.  She
wrapped her legs around his hips, holding him in place.

"It has been years since I've had a cock like that," she whispered.  "Not since
college..."

The Skipper began to move again, slowly stroking with just his hips, supporting
the bulk of his weight on his elbows.  Lovey began to move with him, tilting her
pelvis in time with his strokes.  She was lubricating heavily, enabling Jonas to
move his cock in and out more quickly.

Lovey's pussy was stretched out enough to accommodate him easily, and the
Skipper started to speed up, bouncing against her clit on each stroke.

"Ummmph! Ummmmph!" Lovey grunted, "Oh yes... yes.... fuck yes...."

Her eyes opened wide; such language!  "Oh what the hell," she thought.

"Fuck me, Captain, Fuck me!" she cried, "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"

.............................................................................

Ginger raised her head from Gilligan's penis, and grinned up at him.  She slid
back on her ass, and lay back, raising her knees.

Gilligan knelt down between her legs, and leaned forward, taking her pink
nipples between his lips.  He tickled her nipples with his tongue, first one,
then the other.

Ginger grabbed his head and pulled it toward hers, kissing him deeply, her
tongue reaching toward the back of his mouth.

Gilligan fell forward, his cock stabbing into Ginger's pussy, impaling her.
Ginger gasped, then wrapped her legs around his, her feet behind Gilligan's
knees.  He began a frantic pumping motion.

Ginger reached down and grabbed his ass, squeezing his cheeks.  "Slowly, dear
boy, slowly.  We've got lots of time..."

.............................................................................

"Oh gosh," Mary Ann gasped, "Oh gosh... I'm coming, I'm coming!"

The Professor kissed her neck, and whispered, "So am I!"

He began to ejaculate, just as the contractions of her pussy started, grabbing
his cock, holding it inside her as he pumped her full of semen.

.............................................................................

"Nnnnnggggggghhhhhhhh!  Oh, my," Lovey cried, as her pussy clamped around the
Skipper's huge appendage.

The Captain grunted, and began to ejaculate, the white sperm finding no space
inside Lovey, squirting out around his shaft, flowing to the sandy soil upon
which they lay.

.............................................................................

"Yes, yes, that's it, that's the way," Ginger whispered into Gilligan's ear.
"Now just a little deeper, and... ooooooohh, yes....  oooooooooh.  ummmmmm."

She began to quiver in anticipation of orgasm, as Gilligan rolled back and forth
upon her.  She gripped him with her vaginal muscles, pulling her legs up over
his hips.

The pressure of her pussy against his cock forced him over the edge.  Gilligan
began to spurt inside her, as the contractions of her pussy shook the both of
them.  A wave of water from the lagoon washed over them.

.............................................................................

The Professor lay in Mary Ann's arms.  Suddenly he was very sleepy...  He sat
up, a little dizzy.

"What's wrong?"  Mary Ann sat up next to him, and held her head.  "Oh, I'm
dizzy!"

"Me too," the Professor nodded.  "I think I'd better go back to my hut."

"Why not stay here with me?  Ginger won't mind..."

"No, I'd better go."  He got up, and stumbled around the room, picking up his
clothing.  He leaned over Mary Ann's bed and kissed her again.

"Knock Knock," Ginger's voice from the door.

"I was just leaving," the Professor said.

"I was just coming," grinned Ginger.  "I feel a little dizzy... I think I need
to lie down a while."

She turned and kissed Gilligan.  "Good-night, sweetie."

"Good-night, Ginger," said Gilligan, with a smile.  "See you in the morning."

The Professor rose from Mary Ann's side and headed for the door, his bare ass
flashing in the moonlight.

"Good-night, Roy."

"Good-night."

Ginger lay back in her bed, and like Mary Ann, slipped into a deep sleep.

.............................................................................

The Professor stumbled naked back to his hut and fell into his cot, immediately
dropping into a sound, dreamless sleep.

.............................................................................

Gilligan felt drunk; or maybe on the heaving deck of a ship.  He weaved back and
forth, tripping over his own feet.  Finally making it back to the hut he shared
with the Skipper, he climbed into the upper hammock, and passed out.

.............................................................................

The Skipper and Mrs. Howell walked hand in hand back to the compound.  They
stepped up to the Howell's hut and Lovey peeked inside.

"He's still asleep," she whispered.  She leaned over and kissed the Captain's
lips.  "Good-night, sweet Skipper," she said with a smile.

The Skipper watched her close the door behind her, then sauntered toward his
hut.  As he reached the doorway, a wave of dizziness hit him.  He stumbled into
the door, glancing up at the upper hammock, noting that Gilligan was already
asleep, and wouldn't be asking any questions about where he was all evening.

He dropped into the lower hammock, and blackness overtook him.

.............................................................................

Thurston Howell was still sitting in his lounge chair.  Lovey walked over to her
husband, and shook his shoulder.  "Thurston," she said, softly, "come to bed,
dear."

Thurston opened his eyes halfway, taking in a view of Lovey's transparent
nightie and breasts.

"Time for nookie?"

"Not tonight dear," she said.  "I'm a little dizzy.  But you shouldn't sleep in
the chair."

They climbed into the bed, Thurston cuddling up to Lovey's nearly naked body.
She reached down and grabbed his teddy bear, and tucked it under his arm.  She
lay her head back on the pillow, remembering the wonderfully large cock of the
Captain, and drifted into dreamless sleep.

.............................................................................

Morning.  Seven sleepy castaways woke up and wandered toward the sweetwater pool
to wash up.  They looked at each other and smiled, not knowing exactly why.
There was a sense of puzzlement that rushed between them.

"Skipper, what happened after supper last night?" Gilligan said, finally.

"Y'know, Little Buddy, I don't remember anything after supper at all.  I must
have gone to bed early..."

"I don't remember anything after supper either," Mary Ann said.  "We washed the
dishes... and then I guess I went to bed, because that's the last thing I
remember."

"Me too," Ginger said.

"I was working on the radio, then the next thing I remember is waking up this
morning..." The Professor scratched his head.

"Thurston and I went to bed right after supper, too," Mrs. Howell said.  She
thought to herself, "and Thurston must have tried to screw me in my sleep,
because I'm a little sore down there."

.............................................................................


A few days later:

Gilligan was crouching in the bushes, peering through the foliage, as Ginger
waded into the sweetwater pool under the waterfall.

Her back was toward him as she moved under the waterfall.  He saw her drop her
clothing and caught a glimpse of her bare ass before it was covered with the
white water.

"C'mon, Ginger, turn around," he whispered.  "Turn around..."

He reached down into his pants and gripped his penis, already erect.  He pulled
it out and stroked it, watching the shadowy image of Ginger's naked bottom
through the flowing water.

"Gosh," Gilligan whispered, "I'd like to fuck her some day..."

.............................................................................

                              ...to be continued...

.............................................................................


(Everybody sing again!)

So this is the tale of our castaways, they're here for a long, long time.
They'll have to make the best of things, it's an uphill climb.
Gilligan, and the Skipper too, will do their very best
To make the others comfortable in their tropic island nest.
No phones, no lights, no motorcars, not a single luxury,
Like Robinson Ca-ru-so, it's primitive as can be.
So join us here each week my friends, you're sure to get a smile
From seven stranded castaways, here on Gilligan's Isle!



===========================================================================
*  This story takes up where the last one left off.  The year is circa    *
*  1969, after the original series run.                                   *
*                                                                         *
*  original material copyright (c) 1995, all rights reserved.             *
===========================================================================



GILLIGAN'S ISLAND: "Passion Fruit: Part two"

(Everybody sing!!)

Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale, a tale of a fateful trip
That started in this tropic port, aboard this tiny ship.
The mate was a mighty sailin' man, the Skipper brave and sure,
Five passengers set sail that day for a three hour tour.

A three hour tour.

The weather started getting rough, the tiny ship was tossed.
If not for the courage of the fearless crew, the Minnow would be lost.

The Minnow would be lost.

The ship set ground on the shore of this uncharted desert isle
With Gilligan, the Skipper too, the millionaire and his wife,
A movie star, the Professor and Mary Ann, here on Gilligans Isle.
..........................................................................


Gilligan was crouching in the bushes, peering through the foliage, as
Ginger waded into the sweetwater pool under the waterfall.

Her back was toward him as she moved under the waterfall.  He saw her drop
her clothing and caught a glimpse of her bare ass before it was covered
with the white water.

"C'mon, Ginger, turn around," he whispered.  "Turn around..."

He reached down into his pants and gripped his penis, already erect.  He
pulled it out and stroked it, watching the shadowy image of Ginger's naked
bottom through the flowing water.

"Gosh," Gilligan whispered, "I'd like to fuck her some day..."

His eyes unfocused a moment as a memory tried to force its way through his
mind.  There was a vague image of a naked Ginger on the beach at the lagoon
and him falling on top of her...

A splash brought his attention back to the waterfall, as Ginger turned
around under the flowing water.

He gulped as he got a clear view of her pink-nippled breasts, full and
smooth.  The nipples looked like they were hard.  Down below, her red pubic
hair flashed at him.  He stroked his cock harder at the sight.

She turned around again, her ass covered by the white water from the
waterfall again.

"Nnnnnnggghhhh!" He came, white semen spurting from the end of his cock,
landing on the leaves in front of him.

He clamped his hand over his mouth, hoping Ginger hadn't heard his moan.
He peeped out at the waterfall again.  Ginger was out of the water, her
towel wrapped around her lovely body.  He ducked down, peeking between the
leaves until he saw her walk away from the pool.

Then he tucked his penis back into his pants, and headed back toward the
compound.
..........................................................................

The Professor looked over his bookshelf.  He was trying to identify a plant
he had found in the jungle.  He pulled down his botany book, and flipped it
open.

The book opened to the page with the yellow fruit Gilligan had found last
week.  His eyes scanned the text again.  Hmm... what was this footnote?

He flipped to the reference page given, and read, growing more interested.
...........................................................................

Thurston Howell was hungover.  He moaned, and sat up.  "Lovey..."

He glanced around.  His wife was not in the hut.  He struggled up to his
feet and headed to the door.  He staggered, his head pounding.  Halfway to
the door, he turned around.  "Hair of the dog..." he mumbled, and staggered
over to his liquor cabinet.

He uncorked a bottle and held it to the light.  "Damned fruit punch," he
muttered, and tilted the bottle to his lips.

..........................................................................

Mary Ann opened the door to the outhouse and stepped out.

She checked herself to make sure she had zipped her shorts.  She did a
little stretch to the left and right, and headed down the path for her
daily power walk.

..........................................................................

Captain Grumby sat on the beach by the lagoon, looking out to sea.  He
sighed.  "A seaman without a ship," he muttered, "is like a fish without
fins..."  He stared out at the vast expanse of the ocean, wishing and
wanting.  His eyelids began to get heavy, and he yawned widely.

"I think I'll take a little nap," he thought, and tipped his cap over his
eyes.  He lay back against a palm tree, and dozed off.

The faint sound of a motor awakened him.

He spotted a dot on the horizon, and it caught his attention.  His eyes
were still sharp for unusual phenomena on the ocean.

The dot grew bigger.  "My gosh," he thought, "it's a boat!"

He stood up.  He waved his arms.  He tried to shout, but his voice was caught in
his throat.

The small boat roared up into the lagoon, and spun around in a hot-dogging
circle.

Then it slid quietly up to the shore.  The Skipper waded out to it.

At the wheel of the boat was a man in a crisp blazer.  A banjo lay nearby.
He looked vaguely familiar to the Skipper, but he could not quite place
him.

The man at the wheel shut down the roaring engine.

"Thank heavens!" the Skipper gasped.  "We're rescued!"

"I wouldn't count on that," the man said, gruffly.  "Do you know who I am?"

"You look a little familiar.  You look a little like Dick Van Dyke."

"A little familiar," the man repeated, sarcastically.  "Yeah."

He stood up and walked over to the side of the boat.  "My name is Jerry Van
Dyke.  Dick is my brother."

"Pleased to meet you.  I'm the Captain of the Minnow..."

"I know all that.  I was supposed to be Gilligan."

"What?"

"I turned down being Gilligan so that my mother could be a car," Van Dyke
grimaced.  "Now nobody knows who I am."

The Skipper shook his head, puzzled.  "We don't care who you are, we're just
happy to be rescued."  The Captain smiled.  "Let me go get the others!"

"Never mind, I didn't come for that!" Van Dyke said, and sat back behind the
wheel of his boat.  He turned the key and the engine roared to life.

"Wait!"

But it was too late, the boat was backing away.  The Skipper tried to hold
on, but he fell away, splashing on his face into the lagoon.

He stood up, dripping.  The boat turned, and roared away, then circled
back.

"The only consolation is that at least I won't be on this island forever.
Maybe I can get a job as an assistant Coach somewhere."

The boat roared off again.  The Skipper stared at the dot until it
disappeared over the horizon.

The Skipper waded back to shore, and sat under the palm tree, exhausted and
wet.  He stared at the horizon where the boat had disappeared.

He must have dozed off.  He awoke, his clothing perfectly dry.  Had it just
been a dream?
..........................................................................

Mrs. Howell had found a section of the beach that none of the others ever
visited.  Glancing around, she took off her clothes, lying naked on the
sand in the sunshine.

She sighed, remembering her college days and the halfback of the football
team.  He had a penis the diameter of the wide end of a baseball bat, and
he had taken her in the woods behind the dorm ...

She frowned.  What the hell had brought that memory to mind?

Her hands reached up to her breasts; her nipples were erect.  She stroked
them a moment, then reached down to her crotch.  She fingered her clit,
surprised at its sensitivity.  Her labia were wet.

She began to rub her clit, her fingers dipping into her cunt for
lubrication.  "Mmmmmm," she moaned.

She stopped suddenly, sitting up.  What was she doing?  She looked up and
down the beach, suddenly embarrassed at herself.  She stood up and put her
clothing back on.

Fully dressed again, she sat back down on the sand and looked out to sea.
Where was that halfback now?

She shook her head.  Why these thoughts?  Why now?

Thurston had been a good husband.  He wasn't good in bed, but he did have
money.  They had a son, before Thurston had become such a drunk, and had
lost much of his interest in sex.

She shook her head sadly, staring out at the ocean, and sighed.
..........................................................................

Ginger was back in her hut, deciding which of her clothing to wear.  She
stood naked in front of her closet, moving the bamboo hangers back and
forth, looking at the limited wardrobe.

She decided on a little blue number that accented her long legs.  She
slipped it on, not bothering with underwear.  Who cared?  Three unattached
men on the island, and no one bothered to look at her any more... nobody
but Gilligan, who peeped at her when she was taking a shower.

She sat down on the cot.  The dress was split up to the hip, and it fell
open, showing her bare thighs.  She looked down at them, wishing for a pair
of pantyhose; all her hose had worn out years ago.

She ran her fingers along the insides of her thighs, feeling the soft skin.
She really should exercise like Mary Ann, but it had always seemed like too
much work.

Her fingers touched her red pubic hair.  She spread her legs a little, her
fingers finding the outer lips of her pussy.  She turned on the bed, and
lay back, raising and separating her knees.  The dress fell aside.  She
reached down, stroking her clitoris.  Her outer lips opened, and some
moisture dribbled down her slit.

She plunged a finger deep into her pussy, while with the other hand, she
kept pressure on her clit.  "mmmmmmmmm," she moaned.
..........................................................................

The Professor put the book on the shelf.  A strange little smile on his
face, he stepped to the door of his hut.  He looked toward the compound for
Gilligan, but nobody seemed to be around.

He headed for the jungle path toward the sweetwater pool.
..........................................................................

Mary Ann stopped along the beach, puffing.  She stretched and twisted,
working out some tight muscles.

She looked up and down the beach.  Seeing no one, she stripped off her
blouse and shorts, and dashed into the surf.  She swam out a short
distance, and rolled over on her back, letting the water bob her up and
down with the gentle waves.
...........................................................................

"Gilligan, I've been looking for you," the Professor said.

Gilligan, startled, turned around to face the Professor.  "What did I do
now?"

The Professor smiled.  "Nothing, Gilligan.  I just wanted to know where you
found those yellow fruits last week."

"Oh.  Just over there," Gilligan pointed.

"Show me," the Professor smiled, "Please."

"Sure, Professor!  This way."

Gilligan led the Professor down the path, over a small rise, and up to the
tree, where the leafy vine was.

"I picked most of 'em last week, though."

The Professor looked up the tree.  "Looks like there are some up there."

"Yeah," Gilligan grinned.  "I couldn't reach them."

"Let me boost you up," the Professor said.  "Try to pick some more."

Gilligan shrugged.  "Okay."

The Professor leaned against the tree, and interlaced his fingers together.
Gilligan put his foot into the Professor's hands, and the Professor lifted
him, pushing Gilligan up the tree.

Gilligan quickly gathered the fruits he could now reach, tucking them into
his shirt.

"I got 'em all, Professor."  Gilligan called.

The Professor lowered Gilligan back to the ground.  Gilligan emptied his
shirt into a sailcloth napkin that the Professor held out for him.

"What are you going to do with them?" Gilligan asked.

"Can you keep a secret?" the Professor asked.  Then he smiled.  "Look who
I'm asking!"

"Who, me?  What kind of secret?"

"Tell me, Gilligan," the Professor said, putting an arm around Gilligan's
shoulder.  "Have you ever thought about having sex with Ginger or Mary
Ann?"
..........................................................................

Mary Ann swam back to shore and lay on the sand, the sun baking down on her
bare skin.  She closed her eyes, slipping away from the beach in her mind,
back to her home in the States, down on the farm.

A sudden shadow passed over her face, and her eyes snapped open.  Looking
down at her was Ginger.

"A good thing one of the men wasn't the one to find you this way," Ginger
smiled.

"I'm not sure about that," Mary Ann sighed.  "I'd love to have a man look
at me as more than a friend."

Ginger sank down to the sand beside her.  "I know what you mean.  Back in
Hollywood, if I didn't have two or three men a week, I thought I would go
crazy.  Here, it's been four years since..."

Mary Ann rolled over on her side to face Ginger.  "Did you have some
strange dreams this week?"

"Dreams?  Like what?"

"Well," her forehead crinkled.  "I had a dream that I slept with the
Professor."

"Oh," Ginger smiled.  "That kind of dream."

Mary Ann nodded.

"Yeah," Ginger nodded in assent.  "I've had dreams like that this week,
too."

"With the Professor?"

Ginger laughed.  "Believe it or not, my dreams featured Gilligan."

Mary Ann laughed.  "So how was it?  In your dreams, I mean."

"In my dreams, he's got a cock about this long," Ginger smiled, holding her
hands apart about a foot.  "And he's gentle, and loving, and I come over
and over again."

Mary Ann grinned.  "Same with my dreams, except it's the Professor."  She
rolled over on her back again, and reached up to tweak her nipples between
her fingers.  "The dreams are nice, but..."

"But they're just dreams.  I know."

Ginger reached up and released the shoulder of her dress, and let it drop
down, revealing her pink-nippled breasts.  She stroked her nipples, letting
her fingertips caress them, bringing them to erection.

"Mary Ann," Ginger whispered, "do you trust me?"

Mary Ann opened her eyes and looked into Ginger's.  "Sure."

Ginger crawled around to Mary Ann's legs.  She gently separated them and
moved between them.  She caressed Mary Ann's thighs, sliding her fingers
down the outside, then up the inside, her thumbs just touching Mary Ann's
labia.

"Oh!" gasped Mary Ann.  "What are you doing?"

"Trust me," Ginger whispered.  She leaned forward, and kissed Mary Ann's
dark pubic hair, her tongue darting out to taste.  She moved farther down,
her tongue brushing over her clit, to the taut lips below.

"Oh gosh, Ginger..."

Mary Ann lifted her knees, and Ginger leaned in, pushing her tongue between
Mary Ann's labia, tasting her cunt juices.

"Mmmmmm," Mary Ann moaned, her eyes closed.  "That feels so good."

Ginger moved up to caress Mary Ann's clit with her tongue, as she moved her
fingers up to the entrance to Mary Ann's pussy.  She spread her labia wide,
revealing the pink interior.  She licked and sucked at Mary Ann's clit, as
she pushed first one, then two fingers into her love hole.

"Ginger.....  ummmmmmmmm."  Mary Ann lifted her head and looked down at the
redhead as she sucked at her crotch.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm."
...........................................................................

Mrs. Howell walked back toward the compound.  Thurston would be getting up
now, all hung over, and he'd need her help to get dressed.  He could never
pick out his own clothing...

She passed behind the Professor's hut.  The Professor was giving Gilligan a
lecture about something.  She stopped a moment to listen.
...........................................................................

"See, Gilligan, right here in the book.  This is the fruit you found."  The
Professor pointed at the page.  "And this is a reference to..." he flipped
the pages. "...this page.  Read this."

"Fruits of this genus..."  Gilligan started.

"To yourself," the Professor said.

"Oh.  Okay."  Gilligan read the reference, his lips moving.

"What's an aphro... aphro..."

"Aphorodesiac.  It's a sexual stimulant.  Strange that this note should
even appear in this book, but the report is based on some native folk
medicine."

Outside, Mrs. Howell listened intently.

"Do you remember last week, when we ate the fruits in the pie?  Do you
remember what happened after supper?"

"We all went to sleep."

"That's all we remember.  See, right here.  The fruit also has an effect on
memory.  Short term memory is erased."

"So?"  Gilligan looked puzzled.

"Don't you get it?  We might have screwed ourselves silly last week, and
then forgot all about it."

"Nawwwww!  If I had screwed anybody, especially Ginger, I'd remember it."

"Not under the influence of this."  He picked up one of the yellow fruits.
If everyone ate these, we would all be stimulated sexually, we would screw
our brains out, and then not remember it in the morning."

Gilligan looked puzzled.  "What's the point in doing it if you can't
remember it?"

"That's what I wanted the fruits for.  I've got this plan.  If I slip some
of the juice from these fruits into Ginger and Mary Ann's drinks, they
would get stimulated."

"Yeah!"

"We're already stimulated.  We don't need the juice.  We can have our way
with them, and then in the morning, they would have forgotten..."

"But we'd remember!"

"Right!"

Gilligan and the Professor looked at each other conspiratorially.

Mrs. Howell smiled, and walked on toward her hut.
...........................................................................

Thurston Howell was staggering around the hut in his underwear, his liquor
bottle clutched in one hand, his teddy bear in the other.

Lovey opened the door and stepped in.  "Thurston, are you drinking again?"

"Bit of the hair of the dog," slurred Mr. Howell.  "Where've you been?"

"I've been for a walk," Lovey said.  She stepped over to the closet and
pulled out some clothing.  "Here, put these on."

Thurston set down his bottle and struggled into his trousers and shirt.  He
reached for the bottle again, but Lovey snatched it away from him.

"No more this morning," she said, crossly.  "Now get out there and take in
some sunlight.  It'll be good for you."

"I take after Dracula," Howell muttered.  "Sunlight is hazardous to my
health."

"Get out there, or...."

"I'm going, I'm going..."  Howell staggered out the door.

Mrs. Howell put a cork in the bottle, and stashed it back in Thurston's
cabinet.  She sat down at her dressing table, and looked at herself in the
mirror.

"Now.  If the Professor and Gilligan were fooling around with Ginger and
Mary Ann, and Thurston was passed out like he always is, then the only
person who could have been with me was... the Captain."  She winked at
herself in the mirror.

"I do remember how sore I was the next morning.  The Captain must be hung
like my halfback."  She turned in her chair, thinking aloud.  "I've got to
get some of that fruit."
..........................................................................

Mary Ann was coming.

"Nnnnnnngggggghh!" she gasped, "Oooooooooohhhh!"

She shook her head from side to side, her fingers pinching her nipples, her
pelvis tilting forward and back against Ginger's fingers, tongue and jaw.

Ginger sat back, lifting her head from Mary Ann's crotch, leaving her
fingers inside her pussy.

Mary Ann collapsed against the sand.  Ginger crawled up beside her, and lay
her head on Mary Ann's breast.  She kept her hand where it was.  Mary Ann
squeezed her legs together, holding Ginger's hand in place.

"Gosh, that was good," Mary Ann whispered.  "Who needs men?"

"Men are good for some things, though."

"Yeah, somebody's got to open the pickle jars."

Ginger giggled.  "On the other hand, there's nothing feels as good as a
hard cock..."

"Well, try this," Mary Ann said, pushing Ginger over onto her back.  She
reached down and pushed Ginger's legs apart and slipped down between them.
..........................................................................

The Skipper was collecting shellfish for supper.  He was up to his knees in
the water, bending over, fumbling through the sandy bottom for them.

Mrs. Howell had just strolled to the lagoon, and spotted him.  She stood,
admiring the view of the Skipper's rear end, imagining that she could see
his sex organs hanging down under it.

"Yoo hoo, Captain!" Mrs. Howell called.

The Skipper straightened up, his hands full of shells.  "Oh, hello, Mrs.
Howell."

"Do you need some help with that?"

The Skipper looked at her.  "In all the years we've been here on this
island, this is the first time you've offered help."

As he said it, a sliver of a memory of one other time... no... that must have
been a dream.

Lovey smiled at him.  "There's a first time for everything."

She rolled up her pant legs, and waded out into the lagoon toward the
Skipper.  He moved toward her.  When they reached each other, the Skipper
handed her the shells he had collected, and turned back to get more.

She watched him bend over again, wanting to reach out and caress his
bottom.  She turned, reluctantly taking her eyes from his ass, and took the
shells to shore.
...........................................................................

The Professor held the flask to the light, swirling the clear juice.  "Very
nice," he said, turning to Gilligan.

They had mashed the fruits, and strained the juice using an improvised
centrifuge.  The fruits had produced a little over 30 cubic centimeters of
juice.

"Why didn't you use all the fruit?" Gilligan asked, holding up the three
remaining yellow globes.

"Simple," the Professor smiled.  "Seeds."

"Oh."  Gilligan set the fruits back on the Professor's lab table. "Oh!  I
get it.  We can plant these and grow more."

The Professor nodded and smiled.  "We're all ready for tonight."
..........................................................................

Ginger looked down her body at the dark-haired Mary Ann, who had her face
buried in Ginger's pussy.

"Oh gosh.... mmmmmmm," she moaned.

Mary Ann raised her eyes, looking up at Ginger, her lips fastened around
Ginger's clit, her fingers inside her pussy.

Ginger raised up on her elbows, and threw her head back.  Her body was
shaking, and she rolled her pelvis against Mary Ann's mouth.

"Oh! Oh!" she gasped, "Yes.... yes.... yesssss....."

Her body seemed to explode, a rolling wave of orgasm sweeping over her.
She collapsed to the sand.  Mary Ann crawled up her body, kissing her way
up Ginger's torso, pausing a moment at her breasts, then proceeding on to
kiss her lips.

They lay together, wordlessly, exhausted on the sand.
..........................................................................

The Skipper and Mrs. Howell carried the baskets of shellfish to the
compound, setting it on the table in their cooking area.  They looked
around for Ginger or Mary Ann.

Not finding them, the Captain gathered some firewood to start a pot boiling
to steam the shellfish.

"I'll be back after a while," Mrs. Howell said, gently.

The Skipper nodded, absently.

Mrs. Howell walked past her own hut, listening to hear Thurston mumbling to
himself.  He was back inside the hut again, probably drinking.

She walked quietly to the Professor's hut.  She tapped at the door.
"Professor?"

There was no answer.  She pushed the door open and crept inside.  She
looked around, and spotted the bright yellow fruits on the lab table.  She
slipped one of the fruits into her bra, between her breasts.

She slipped back out the door, and closed it behind her.
...........................................................................

Ginger and Mary Ann walked into the 'kitchen'.

"Let us take over now, Skipper," Mary Ann smiled.

"Okay," he nodded, and wandered back toward the lagoon.
...........................................................................

After supper that evening, Ginger and Mary Ann got up to fetch desert.  The
Professor nodded at Gilligan.  He then picked up the pitcher and refilled
all of their drinking cups.  Gilligan distracted the others, while the
Professor slipped some of his juice into Ginger and Mary Ann's cups.

The girls returned with another banana creme pie.  The Professor and
Gilligan smiled as they watched Mary Ann and Ginger drain their cups.

...........................................................................

The Professor volunteered to help Mary Ann with the dishes.  She looked at
him with a strange expression on her face.

They cleared the table, and carried them to the washtub.

Mr. Howell yawned, and said "I think I need a drink."  He got up and headed
toward his hut.

"Thurston," Mrs. Howell said, then she got up and followed him to their
hut.

Gilligan looked across the table at Ginger.  She batted her eyes at him.

"Did you want to say something, Gilligan?" she asked.

"W-W-Would you like to take a walk?" Gilligan stammered.

"Why would I want to walk with you?" Ginger pried.

"There's something down at the beach I want to show you."

"Oh," Ginger smiled.  "Well, okay then..."

Gilligan scrambled to his feet.  Ginger got up gracefully.  The two of them
walked off toward the lagoon, leaving the Skipper alone at the table.

The Skipper sat there for several minutes, picking his teeth.  Soon he
began to hear a sound something like a moose with a head cold.  Mr. Howell
must have fallen asleep.

The Skipper smiled and shook his head.  How could his wife have stood that
all these years?

He turned around and leaned back against the table, his toothpick stuck in
the corner of his mouth.  He looked up at the starry sky.

"All I ask is a tall ship, and a star to steer her by," he muttered.

The door to the Howells' hut opened, and Lovey stepped out.  She looked
over to the table and spotted the Skipper.  She strolled up and sat down
beside him on the bench.

"He's unusually loud tonight," the Skipper commented.

"Yes."

They sat silently for a few minutes.

The Skipper looked up at the stars.  While he was looking away, Lovey quietly
slipped the yellow fruit out of her bra and put it into the fruit basket on
the table.
...........................................................................

The Professor and Mary Ann worked quietly, the Professor washing, Mary Ann
drying the dishes.  Every once in a while they would look at each other and
smile.

The dishes finally done, the Professor dried his hands.  He turned to Mary
Ann.
 
"Would you like to take an after-dinner stroll?"

Her eyes sparkled in the moonlight.  "Sure."

They walked together slowly down the path toward the sweetwater pool.
About halfway there, Mary Ann reached out and took his hand, and they
strolled hand-in-hand to the pool.
...........................................................................

Lovey cleared her throat.  The Skipper looked over at her.  She took a
banana from the fruit basket.

"You're not going to let me eat alone, are you?" she asked.

The Skipper shook his head.  He reached for the fruit basket, but Lovey
took the yellow fruit from the basket and handed it to him.

His face lit up.  "I thought these were all gone!"  He bit into it.

Lovey smiled.  She took the entire peeling off the banana, slowly and
deliberately.

The Skipper took another bite.

Lovey nibbled one end of the peeled banana.
..........................................................................

Gilligan and Ginger reached the lagoon.  He picked up a few shells on the
beach and began to skip them into the surf.

Ginger watched for a few minutes, then said, "Is this what you brought me
here to see?"

Nervously, Gilligan turned to face her.  "No.... ummm..."

He stepped up closer to her.  He stood, nervously shifting from foot to
foot.

She batted her eyes at him.  "Yes, Gilligan?"

Finally, he leaned forward quickly and kissed her, a quick peck on the
lips.

He stepped back, half expecting her to slap him.  She reached out and took
his head between her hands, and pulled it toward her, planting a kiss on
him that would melt steel.
..........................................................................

Mary Ann and the Professor reached the sweetwater pool.  The moon reflected
off the pool and the shimmering waterfall.

They turned to face each other, and the Professor wrapped his arms around
her.  She melted in his arms, tilting her head back.  He kissed her
tenatively, then with more passion, and she returned the kiss.
..........................................................................

Lovey wrapped her lips around the banana, drawing it into her mouth
sensually.

The Skipper's jaw dropped, and he stared, watching her fellate the banana.
..........................................................................

The Professor dropped to his knees in front of Mary Ann, and untied the
knot in her blouse.  It dropped open, revealing her lovely, firm breasts
and dark brown nipples.

He took first one, then the other nipple between his lips, tickling the tip
of each with his tongue and sucking gently.

She ran her fingers through his hair, her head tilted back, her eyes
closed.
..........................................................................

Ginger dropped her hands to Gilligan's waist, and untied his drawstring
pants.  They fell to the sand.

She wrapped her fingers around his erection, and whispered in his ear, "Is
this what you brought me here to see?"

Gilligan gulped, and nodded.

Ginger dropped to her knees and sat back on her heels.  She turned his dick
to the left, to the right, then up and down, examining it from all angles.

She looked up and smiled.  "Gilligan, I think it's a penis."
...........................................................................

Lovey finished her banana, the Skipper still staring, his hands shaking.

She reached across the table and gripped his hand.

"Come on," she whispered.

"M-m-mrs. H-h-howell," he stammered.

"Lovey... please," she smiled.

"I-I-I don't think that..."

"Shhhh," she whispered.  "Don't worry about Thurston.  Listen.  You can
still hear him snore."

She stood up and pulled the Skipper to his feet, and led him down the
pathway into the jungle.
...........................................................................

Ginger wrapped her lips around the end of Gilligan's cock, swirling her
tongue around his cockhead.

Gilligan moaned, unconsciously bucking his hips, pushing his penis further
into her mouth.

"Easy, now, Gilligan," she said, gripping him firmly.  She applied her lips
and tongue to his cock again, cupping his balls with one hand, a firm grip
on his shaft with the other.
...........................................................................

Mary Ann moaned softly as the Professor kissed his way down her belly,
pushing his tongue into her navel.  His hands worked gently at her shorts,
unbuttoning them.  They slid down her legs, and she stepped out of them.

She dropped her open blouse off her shoulders and stood naked in the
moonlight.  The Professor sat back on his heels, looking at her.

She turned, slowly.  "Like what you see?"

"Prettiest girl on the island."

"Hummph.  That's not saying much."

"Prettiest girl I've ever seen."

"That's better."  She leaned over and kissed his lips.  "Now it's your
turn.  Stand up."

He scrambled to his feet.  Mary Ann unbuttoned his shirt, and slipped it
back over his shoulders.  She ran her hands down his hairless chest and
down his belly.  She unfastened his trousers, and let them drop.  Then she
pulled his boxer shorts down over his ass, and they joined his other
clothing on the ground.  He stepped out of his shoes as he freed his feet
from his pants, his penis erect and throbbing.

"Last one in's a rotten egg," she said, and dashed for the pool.

The Professor wasn't far behind her.  They hit the water at the same time,
spashing into the cold water.  They dove down, kissing under water, then
broke the surface in an embrace, their feet just touching bottom as their
heads bobbed at the surface.  They held each other tightly.
..........................................................................

Gilligan tugged off his shirt and cap, and stepped out of his pants.
Ginger stood up and turned around.

"Unzip me," she said.

Gilligan fumbled for the zipper pull, then worked it slowly down her back.
The dress opened up, revealing her bare back -- no bra straps.  The zipper
ended just at the crack of her ass.

She shrugged out of the dress facing away from her, and let it drop slowly.
Gilligan stared at her ass, so round, so firm, so fully packed.  He reached
out and caressed it, gently, his hands shaking.
...........................................................................

Mary Ann wrapped her legs around the Professor's hips, clinging to him in
the water.  As they kissed, she worked herself up him, until the tip of his
penis was just at the entrance to her pussy.  She lowered herself on him,
taking his thick cock fully inside her.

The Professor stood in the water, marvelling at how the differential in
ambient temperature between the aqua pura and Mary Ann's internal vaginal
teperature...

What the hell... the cold water made her cunt feel even hotter.

He gripped her tighter.
...........................................................................

Lovey and the Skipper found a small clearing in the jungle and sat down.
Lovey wrapped her arms around the Skipper's neck and kissed him gently on
the lips.

He hesitated a moment, then returned the kiss.  She opened her mouth, and
his tongue danced inside.

She slid over into his lap, running one hand over his barrel chest, outside
his shirt.
...........................................................................

Ginger turned around, giving Gilligan a good look at her firm, pink-nippled
breasts, and the red-haired patch below.  She wrapped her arms around his
neck, and kissed him again.

They sank to their knees on the sandy beach.  She pushed Gilligan
backwards, and he lay on his back.  She moved quickly into a sixty-nine
position on top of him, lowering her pussy over his face, as she drew his
penis between her lips.

Gilligan dove in greedlily, fastening his lips around her clit, stroking it
with his tongue.  He reached up, grabbing the white globes of her
asscheeks, clinging to them as she moved sensually.

She took his full length into her mouth, deep-throating him.  Gilligan
moaned.
...........................................................................

Mary Ann and the Professor worked their way back to the edge of the pool,
and the Professor climbed out, Mary Ann still wrapped around him.

He staggered a few feet, his cock firmly held inside her pussy.  He dropped
to his knees, and gently lowered her to the ground.

She released her grip on his hips, and he began to take slow, deep strokes.
She met each stroke with a tilt of her pelvis, rubbing her clit against his
shaft.
...........................................................................

Lovey unbuttoned her blouse, letting it drop off her shoulders.  She
reached behind her and unhooked her bra, and shrugged out of it.

She grasped the Skipper's shaking hands, and placed them on her breasts.
His fingers found her nipples, and as he twisted them between his fingers,
she kissed his lips again.

She pushed him gently backwards, until he lay on the soft grass.  She knelt
between his legs, and unfastened his pants.  She reached inside, and
wrapped her fingers around his growing penis.  Her fingers did not reach
all the way around it.

He lifted his hips, and she slid his pants down, and maneuvering around,
managed to get them down his legs and off, taking his shoes with them.  She
knelt again between his legs, and licked his penis, which was too big to
take into her mouth.  She cupped his balls in one hand, gently massaging
them as she worked over his huge cockhead with her lips and tongue.
..........................................................................

Ginger's body shook as she neared orgasm.  Gilligan was nothing if not
diligent in his efforts at her clit.  She sat back a little, pressing her
cunt against his jaw and tongue, keeping a firm grip on his penis.

She started to come, her orgasm beginning at her clit, radiating through
her body in a warm rush.

As her contractions ended, she slid off his face, and turned to kiss his
lips, tasting her own juices on his mouth.
.........................................................................

The Professor rolled over onto his back, pulling Mary Ann over on top of
him.  She sat up, impaling herself on his cock.  She sat there, making
small circles, rubbing her clit against his pubic bone and base of his
cock.

She could feel little contractions beginning in her pussy, and reached down
to stroke her clit.  He pushed her hands aside, and using his thumbs, made
circular motions over her clit.

Mary Ann tilted her head back, her eyes closed, her breasts thrust forward,
a lovely sight for the Professor.

Her cunt clamped down on him as she climaxed, her body quivering with the
force of her orgasm.
..........................................................................

Lovey stood up and unfastened her skirt, allowing it to drop to the ground.
As the Skipper watched interestedly, she turned, and pulled her panties
down over her ass, giving him a view not only of her asshole but a good
look at her pussy.

Now naked, she turned again towards him, stepping over his legs, and
squatting over his hips.  His huge cock stood up in front of her dark pubic
hair.  She wrapped both hands around his cock, and stroked gently, as he
reached up to tweak her nipples with his fingers.

She raised herself up and forward, guiding his penis to the entrance to her
cunt.  She lowered herself, breathing deeply as his cockhead forced her
cuntlips aside, pushing slowly inside her.
...........................................................................

Mary Ann began to move again, pushing herself up and down with her legs.
The Professor reached up and took hold of her breasts, rolling her erect
nipples with his thumbs.

He neared orgasm.  He moved his hands from her breasts to her shoulders,
and pulled her on top of him.  He kissed her lips, as his balls exploded,
pumping spurt after spurt into her hot, waiting pussy.
...........................................................................

Ginger lay back on the sand.  Gilligan scrambled up between her legs, and
kissed his way up her body, pausing briefly to suck on her pink nipples.

She pulled him to her, and kissed his mouth, her tongue slipping through
their lips.  She reached down and guided his cock into her dripping pussy.

He began slow, easy strokes, her legs wrapped around his, her feet just
behind his knees.

Gilligan neared orgasm, and pushed himself deeply into Ginger's cunt.
Ginger slid her legs up around his hips, holding him inside her as he
started to ejacualte.

He collapsed on top of her and they breathed heavily together.
.........................................................................

The Skipper was breathing heavily, too, as Lovey continued to lower herself
on his huge shaft.

Lovey moaned softly, allowing her body to adjust to the Skipper's size.
She was lubricating freely, which was making it easier for the Skipper's
cock to slide inside her.

She reached the bottom of his shaft.  She sat still a moment, savoring the
sensation of being completely filled up.  He _was_ the size of her fullback
in college, and that brought back some lovely memories.

The Skipper was caressing her breasts, rolling his thumbs over her nipples.
She tilted her head back, arching her back, pressing her tits into his
hands.  She reached down and stroked her clit, pressing it between her
fingers and his penis.  She shivered with pleasure.

She raised herself just a bit, allowing the Skipper's cock to slide out
about two inches, then lowered herself again.  The movement was getting
easier.  She did it again, and again, picking up a little speed, holding
her clit against his penis.

"Nnnnngh," the Skipper moaned, and clasped at her.

He began to come; there was no room inside her, so it gushed around his
cock and ran down into his pubic hair.

She continued to work herself up and down his shaft, nearing orgasm
herself.  As the Skipper's cock softened, and with the extra lubrication of
his come, she picked up some speed.

The contractions came suddenly, squeezing against his cock, shaking her
body.  She collapsed forward, with him still inside her, and lay on his
barrel chest.
...........................................................................

The Professor and Mary Ann took another dip in the pool, rinsing each other
off with giggles and tender touches.  They got dressed, and headed back to
the compound.

Ginger and Gilligan also arose, and dashed hand-in-hand into the surf in
the lagoon to rinse off the sand, then they too dressed and headed 'home'.

The four of them arrived at the girls' hut at the same time.  With knowing
glances at each other, the two couples kissed again good-night.  The two
girls headed into their hut.

The Professor put his arm around Gilligan's shoulder.  "So how did it go?"

"It didn't go," Giligan grinned.  "It came."

The Professor chuckled.  They headed back to their huts.
...........................................................................

Lovey reluctantly removed herself from the Skipper's cock; even in its
flaccid state it was a sizable organ.

She recovered her clothing, slipping into her blouse and skirt, tucking her
bra and panties into her pocket.  The Skipper arose, and tugged on his
trousers and shoes.

They walked hand in hand almost to the compound, dropping this last
physical contact when they approached the clearing, in case anyone was
still up to see them.

They needn't have bothered; there was no one in the compound, and the only
sound was the buzz-saw roar of Thurston Howell's snores.

The Skipper walked her to the door of her hut.

"Good-night, sweet Captain," she whispered.

She kissed him quickly, and slipped through the hut door.

The Skipper sauntered back to his hut.  He noted that Gilligan was already
in the top hammock, and he rolled into the lower one.  As he pulled the
blankets up under his chin, he felt suddenly dizzy; then he fell into a
deep sleep.
..........................................................................

Lovey changed into her nightgown, using a hand towel to wipe away most of
the Skipper's semen.

She slipped into the bed, listened for a moment to the roar of the buzz
saw, then reached over for the soft gum earplugs.

Thurston was cuddled up with his teddy bear.

"He couldn't care less if I was here or not," she muttered.  She lay back
against the pillow, thinking about the Captain's penis.
..........................................................................

Morning.

The seven castaways headed for the outhouses and the sweetwater pool for
their morning cleanup.

The Professor and Mary Ann passed each other on the path.  "Good morning,
Roy," Mary Ann said, smiling.

"'Morning," the Professor smiled back.

She took his hand and leaned forward to kiss him lightly.  "Thanks for last
night," she whispered. "It was great!"  She continued toward the pool.

The Professor was staggered; the juice was supposed to work on her
memory...


Gilligan was just coming out of the outhouse as Ginger approached.  She
slipped one hand under Gilligan's balls and kissed him lightly on the
cheek.  "Hi, Stud Muffin!"

"H-h-hello!" Gilligan stammered and stumbled.

She moved past him into the outhouse and closed the door.  Gilligan ran
toward the other outhouse, where the Professor was just emerging.

"It didn't work," he gasped.

"What are you talking about?"

"Ginger remembered!  The juice didn't work!"

"Of course it worked...  You got laid, didn't you?"  The Professor smiled.
"Maybe it's better this way, anyhow."

"Why's that?"

"This way we can make love with the girls any time we want.  We don't have to
rely on the fruit."

"Oh, yeah." Gilligan smiled. "Right."

They walked up the path to join the others at the pool.
...........................................................................

Lovey watched the others as they played together in the water.  It was
obvious that the younger folks were getting to know each other as lovers.

Her eyes widened as she thought, "They remember!  They weren't supposed to
remember!"

The Skipper arrived at the pool.  "Good morning, Mrs. Howell."

"Good morning, Captain," she smiled.  "And how did you sleep last night?"

"I went to bed right after supper," he said, "and I slept like a baby all
night."

Lovey heaved a sigh of relief.  He didn't remember!  She puzzled over it in
her mind, until she came to a sudden realization.  It's not the juice of the
fruit that works, it's the pulp!

She would have to talk to the Professor about that... someday.
...........................................................................

                       ...to be continued...
...........................................................................

(Everybody sing again!)

So this is the tale of our castaways, they're here for a long, long time.
They'll have to make the best of things, it's an uphill climb.
Gilligan and the Skipper too, will do their very best
To make the others comfortable in their tropic island nest.
No phones, no lights, no motorcars, not a single luxury,
Like Robinson Ca-ru-so, it's primitive as can be.
So join us here each week my friends, you're sure to get a smile
From seven stranded castaways, here on Gilligan's Isle!



===========================================================================
*  Here is the last chapter of the Gilligan's Island parody.              *
*                                                                         *
*  This story takes up where the last one left off.  The year is circa    *
*  1969, after the original series run.                                   *
*                                                                         *
*  original material copyright (c) 1995, all rights reserved.             *
===========================================================================



GILLIGAN'S ISLAND: "Passion Fruit: Part Three"

(Everybody sing!!)

Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale, a tale of a fateful trip
That started in this tropic port, aboard this tiny ship.
The mate was a mighty sailin' man, the Skipper brave and sure,
Five passengers set sail that day for a three hour tour.

A three hour tour.

The weather started getting rough, the tiny ship was tossed.
If not for the courage of the fearless crew, the Minnow would be lost.

The Minnow would be lost.

The ship set ground on the shore of this uncharted desert isle
With Gilligan, the Skipper too, the millionaire and his wife,
A movie star, the Professor and Mary Ann, here on Gilligans Isle.
..........................................................................

Gilligan was crouching in the bushes, peering through the foliage, as 
Ginger waded into the sweetwater pool under the waterfall.

Her back was toward him as she moved under the waterfall.  He saw her drop 
her clothing and caught a glimpse of her bare ass before it was covered 
with the white water.

"C'mon, Ginger, turn around," he whispered.  "Turn around..."

He reached down into his pants and gripped his penis, already erect.  He 
pulled it out and stroked it, watching the shadowy image of Ginger's naked 
bottom through the flowing water.

Ginger turned around under the waterfall, and stuck her head through the 
flow.  "Gilligan!" she shouted.  "Get your ass over here right now!"

Gilligan stood up and ran down to the pool.  He pulled off his clothes and 
waded to the waterfall.  Ginger reached through the flow of water and 
grabbed his hand, pulling him under the falls to the little alcove 
underneath.

Ginger wrapped her arms around him, drawing him into a passionate kiss, 
rubbing her wet, naked body against him.

She reached down and grabbed his penis, stroking its length.  She lowered 
herself in the water, pulling him down on top of her.

Gilligan kissed her breasts, as she guided his cock to the entrance to her 
pussy.  He pressed it inside her, and she moaned with pleasure, taking his 
full length easily.  He began slow, easy strokes, the resistance of the 
water making his movements easier and slower.

Ginger's clit pressed against the base of his cock with each stroke, and 
she gasped every time he pressed against it.

"Oh, gosh," she whispered, "I'm coming..."

Her pussy grabbed at his cock as her body shook, with a warm glow flowing 
from her pussy though the rest of her body.

Gilligan pumped twice more, and with the pressure from her orgasmic pussy, 
he began to ejaculate inside her.  He kissed her lips, as they caught their 
breath.

They stood up, finally.  Ginger picked up her bar of coconut-butter soap, 
and they lathered each other up, giggling and laughing.

...........................................................................

Roy Hinkley, "The Professor", was making his bed.  

Literally making his bed.  He had gathered some nice pieces of bamboo, and 
was busily making a double-sized bed.

Whistling as he worked, he was also trying to decide just how to approach 
Mary Ann about moving in with him.  Making love in the moonlight in the 
great outdoors was great, but the rainy season was approaching.

...........................................................................

The Skipper was whistling, too, as he cast his fishing line into the surf.

He waited for a nibble, holding the fishing rod braced against his belly.

A strange, yet familiar voice sounded behind him.

"Welcome to Sherwood."

He turned to see a man all in green perched on a fallen treetrunk.  He was 
carrying a huge bow, and a quiver of arrows on his back.

He blinked twice, almost dropping his fishing rod.  "Robin Hood?"

"None other," the man in green said, grinning.  "You look very familiar.  
Are you not the son of one of my merry men?"

"No," the Skipper shook his head.  "Not that I know of."

"Strange," Robin said.  He looked at the Skipper's fishing rod.  "Fishing?  
Is there no game in the forest?"

"Not that we've been able to find," the Skipper said.  "How did you get 
here?  Are you our rescue?"

"Rescue?  From Sherwood?"

"This is NOT Sherwood.  It's an island in the South Pacific."  The Skipper 
reeled in his line and set the fishing rod aside.

"South... Pacific?  It looks like Sherwood..."  Robin turned and looked 
around.  "But then again..."

"Believe me," the Skipper said, "it's not England.  Do you have a boat?"

Robin shook his head.  

"A plane?  A helicopter?"

Robin shook his head.  Suddenly, he stood still.  "Hark!"

"What is it..."

Robin placed a hand over the Skipper's mouth, silencing him.  "A deer!" he 
whispered, "A fine stag to make a man's dinner."

He nocked an arrow into the bow, and climbed over the fallen tree and into 
the jungle.

Moments later, Mr. Howell walked out of the jungle onto the beach.  The 
Skipper was staring into the jungle.

"Captain..."

"Did you see him?"

"See who?" Howell frowned.

"Robin Hood."

"Captain, have you been raiding my liquor cabinet?"
...........................................................................

Mary Ann looked around the hut at her few meager possessions.  She sat down 
on the cot, considering how quickly she could pack them all away if the 
Professor asked her the question she wanted him to ask.  Five minutes, 
maybe less.

"But what about Ginger?  Would she be all alone in this hut if I moved in 
with the Professor?  Or would Gilligan move in here with her?" she thought.

"And that would leave the Skipper alone...  oh, my...  how complicated."

Ginger walked in, wrapped in her towel.  She had been to the waterfall 
again.  And from the glow in her face, it looked like she had been there 
with someone.

"Talking to yourself again?" Ginger grinned.

"Was I?" Mary Ann blushed.  "I've been doing a lot of thinking."

"About the Professor?"  Ginger sat on the other cot, facing her.  "Has he 
asked you yet?"

Mary Ann shook her head.  Ginger reached over and took her hand.

"He will.  Don't worry."  Ginger looked into Mary Ann's eyes.  "And if he 
does, do it.  Don't worry about me."

Mary Ann reached out and took Ginger into her arms.  "Thanks."

Ginger's towel fell away.  "In the meantime,..." she cooed.
...........................................................................

Gilligan sat down on a log near a clearing in the jungle.  He sat in a 
position like Rodin's "The Thinker", his chin resting on his fist, his 
elbow on his knee.

He was considering his relationship with Ginger.  He loved her, he really 
did.  Or was it just lust?  Did he want to live the rest of his life with 
her, or was it that she was available, and here, and ...

His vision blurred, and he blinked.  Next to him on the log was a 
golden-haired fellow, about his same age.  He blinked again.  The fellow 
was still there.

"Hi, Maynard, old buddy."  The golden-haired fellow grinned.

Gilligan sat up.  "Maynard?"

"Hey, where's your goatee?"

Gilligan rubbed his chin.

"What's wrong, Maynard?"

"My name is Gilligan.  Who are you?"

"You mean you don't recognize your oldest friend?  It's Dobie"  The fellow 
laughed.  "And you're Maynard."

"Gilligan," he said.  "My name is Gilligan."

"It's Maynard, and I'll prove it.  Watch this... 'work' "

A shiver ran up Gilligan's spine.  He shook it off.

"See there," Dobie said.  "You're Maynard."

Gilligan shook his head.

"Well, whatever, old buddy,"  Dobie grinned.  "What's on your mind?"

"Ummm," Gilligan squirmed.  "I guess I can tell you since you're 
imaginary."

"Who's imaginary?"  Dobie grinned.  "Que pasa?"

"It's a girl," Gilligan said.

"I figured that," Dobie smiled.  "Why else would I be here?"

"I'm not sure what I feel for her.  Is it love or is it lust?"

"Does it matter?"

Gilligan looked at him.  "Of course it matters."

"Okay.  Do you want to be with her even when you've got your clothes on?"

"Yeah."

"Then it's probably love.  Go for it."

Gilligan glanced away.  "Go for it?"

There was silence.  He looked back, and Dobie was gone.

He sat there a moment longer.  "Go for it...."

...........................................................................

Lovey Howell adjusted her makeup in the small mirror.  She had managed to 
get Thurston out of the hut for a while, anyway.  He needed to get some 
fresh air, and away from the liquor cabinet for a few hours.

She adjusted her clothing; it was getting a bit tattered with the years of 
wear.  Thank goodness she had brought all of the trunks she had; she pitied 
the poor younger girls who only had a few outfits.

And the Captain and Gilligan had only one set of clothes, since they had 
expected to be home that night so long ago.

When they wore out their clothes, I guess they'd have to go naked...

Thinking of the Captain naked brought a sly grin to her face.  That might 
not be so bad after all.

She headed out the door toward the Professor's hut.  She needed to talk 
with him about the fruits.
...........................................................................

The Professor tied the last knots, and slid the double-sized bed towards 
the wall.  He had to adjust the position of his lab-table and trunk, but it 
all fit.  At least he didn't have to rebuild the hut.

He stood back and admired his work, thinking about the workout he wanted to 
give it.

There was a tap at the door.  "Professor?"

It was Mrs. Howell.  He invited her in.  She sat in his 'relaxing' chair, 
and he perched on his lab stool.

"What can I help you with?"

"This is rather awkward, Professor," she said, almost blushing.

"Go ahead.  We're all friends here," the Professor smiled.

"It's about those yellow fruits Gilligan found last week."

The Professor paused.  "Yes?  What about them?"

"I know what they do, Professor."  She looked away from him, slightly 
embarrassed.  "And I want to grow some more."

"Oh?"  The Professor squirmed on his stool.  "Are you and Mr. Howell having 
...problems?"

"Yes..." Lovey lied.  "That's it exactly."

The Professor reached over and picked up the two remaining fruits from his 
lab table.  They had softened, and were giving off a sour fragrance.

"That's funny," he said, "I thought there were three."

Mrs. Howell grimaced.

The Professor handed them to her.  He opened his botany book, and read from 
the page describing the fruit.

"Looks like it should be planted in sandy soil, near a tree where the vine 
can climb.  That's all the information I have."  He closed the book.  "I 
can't guarantee they'll grow, and I have no idea when the vines will bear 
fruit."

"I understand, Professor," she said, smiling.  "Thank you."

"You're very welcome.  I hope the problems work out."
...........................................................................

Lovey went into the jungle, looking for likely spots to plant her seeds.  
She found two trees close to the pathway that looked hopeful.  She dug a 
shallow hole next to each tree, and placed the rotting fruits in them, 
covering the hole.

She kissed her fingers, then the soil.  "Grow, please grow," she whispered.
...........................................................................

Thurston Howell walked along the beach.  

"Damn this island," he said aloud.  "Damn this beach, damn this ocean, damn 
these waves, damn..."

He was so distracted by his tirade that he nearly fell over the barrel.  He 
kicked it.  It didn't move, and he hurt his foot.  

He hopped around on his good foot, holding the hurt one.  He sat on the 
barrel, which was lying on the sand.  He massaged his toes, muttering, "and 
damn this barrel."

As he worked on his sore toes, he looked down at the barrel.  Stenciled on 
the side of the barrel was the name "Inverness."

He looked up at the sky.  "If there's a god in heaven, let this be full."

He got up and pushed at the barrel.  It was very heavy, it had SOMETHING 
inside.

He pushed harder, and the barrel rolled over, exposing the bung.  It was 
intact.

"Praise the gods!" he shouted, then clamped his hands over his mouth.  He 
looked around.  

"I've got to find Gilligan," he muttered.
..........................................................................

Mary Ann and Ginger were in a sixty-nine position, with Ginger on top.  
Ginger's lips were locked around Mary Ann's clit, her tongue dancing around 
the tip of the sensitive nubbin.  Mary Ann had her hands around the cheeks 
of Ginger's ass, her fingertips brushing her asshole.

Mary Ann's tongue was stroking over Ginger's clit, her concentration on her 
nearing orgasm.  Her body began to quiver under Ginger's ministrations.

Ginger's fingers slid into Mary Ann's cunnie, pressing upward against her 
g-spot.  Mary Ann's body tried to levitate, as an explosive orgasm shook 
her body.  

As her contractions slowed, she again applied herself to Ginger's pussy, 
sucking hungrily on her clit.  Her fingertips approached Ginger's asshole 
again, and slowly, Mary Ann slid her middle finger into Ginger's ass.

"Mmmmmmmmm," Ginger moaned, "Oh, yes."

With her other hand, Mary Ann slipped two fingers into Ginger's pussy.  
Ginger raised up, pushing back against Mary Ann's hands and mouth.

"Yes... yes, that's it," she gasped, "Oh yes..."

Her body began to quiver, and a gush of cunt honey ran down Mary Ann's 
face.  

Ginger's orgasm shook the bed, as Mary Ann slowed her tonguing of Ginger's 
clit.

Ginger got up slowly and turned around, and lay beside Mary Ann in the 
narrow cot.
...........................................................................


Gilligan was sitting at the table in the compound, contemplating the basket 
of fruit.  Which one was he least tired of?

Mrs. Howell approached the compound.  "Gilligan, there's something I want 
you to do for me."

"What's that, Mrs. Howell?"

"Do you think you could find any more of that yellow fruit?"

Gilligan goggled at her for a moment, but remembered that she couldn't 
possibly know what it was good for.  "I'll try, Mrs. Howell," he nodded.

"Thank you."  She headed for her hut.

At that moment, Mr. Howell came running up the path from the beach.  
"Gilligan, dear boy.  Just the man I was looking for..."

"What do you want me to do?" sighed Gilligan. 

Howell looked back toward his hut.  Lovey had gone inside.  He dropped his 
voice to a whisper.  "I've made a wonderful find on the beach, and I need 
your help."

"What did you find?" Gilligan asked, in a normal voice.

"Shhhhh...." hissed Howell.  "Keep your voice down."

"Okay," whispered Gilligan, "what did you find?"

"A whole barrel of Inverness Scotch."

"A whole barrel?"  Gilligan's voice rose to a normal level again.

"Shhhhh!"  Howell hissed again.

"Sorry," whispered Gilligan.

"Come with me.  I need to roll it up away from the tide, and I'll need help 
to get it open."
...........................................................................

The Skipper landed his catch; a very nice, big fish.  As he pulled it up 
the beach, he glanced at the jungle, half expecting Robin Hood, or Tarzan, 
or some other character to come popping out.  But nobody did.

He pulled out his knife, and started cleaning the fish.
...........................................................................

The Professor strolled over to the girls' hut, and tapped on the door.  
"Anybody home?"

"Just a minute," Ginger's voice sounded from inside.  The Professor heard 
some scrambling around.

Ginger jumped up, and grabbed a dress, slipping it over her head and 
zipping it up.  Mary Ann retrieved her shorts and slipped them on, and 
buttoned her blouse.

Ginger went to the door.  "Hi, Professor."  She batted her eyes at him.
"I was just coming... er, going."  She walked out the door, winking at Mary 
Ann.

"Come on in, Roy."  Mary Ann sat on the edge of the bed.  

The Professor sat down next to her, and took her hand.  "Mary Ann... I want 
to ask... "

"Yes," she said, smiling.

"You didn't know what I want to ask."

"Yes I do, and I do."  She kissed him.  "Give me five minutes to pack up."

She finished in four.  The Professor picked up her little bag, and they 
walked hand-in-hand to his hut.
..........................................................................

Gilligan and Mr. Howell rolled the barrel up the beach to the edge of the 
jungle.  They tipped it up on end to keep it from rolling back down to the 
water.

"I don't think the tide gets this high," Gilligan observed.

"Good.  Now, how to open it."

Gilligan smiled and picked up the tool box.  "I know how to open barrels."

He took out the hammer, and took aim at the top.

"Wait! NO!" Howell shouted, and grabbed the hammer.  "If you break the top, 
we can't close it back up!"  He leaned over and looked in the tool box.  He 
picked up a brace and bit.

"Now, this will make a small hole that we can plug up."  He set the tip of 
the bit on the top of the barrel-end, and Gilligan started to turn the 
brace.
...........................................................................

The Skipper wrapped his fish filets in a sailcloth towel, and headed to the 
compound.  Suspiciously, he looked all around him as he walked, half 
expecting to be accosted by some imaginary character.

...........................................................................

The hole was bored through.  Gilligan pulled out the bit, and Howell leaned 
over to sniff the contents.

"Heavenly," Howell sighed.  "It's Scotch, all right."  Then he frowned.  
"But how do we get it out of the barrel?"

"I could still smash the top," suggested Gilligan.

Howell just frowned at him.

"The Professor uses a kind of vine for tubing in his lab.  Maybe we could 
find some."

"Good idea.  Go look for some.  I'll just sniff for a while."

Gilligan dashed into the jungle.  He was looking for the vine that the 
Professor used, but a flash of yellow caught his eye.  He stopped and 
looked closer.  It was another vine-full of yellow fruits, just like the 
ones he found before!

He marked the place in his mind, and went looking for the tubing-vine.  He 
found some, and pulled it down.  Using his pocket knife, he cut off the 
leaves from a length of it, and took it back to Howell.

Howell was standing over the barrel, his nose pressed against the hole.

"So near and yet so far," he sighed.  

Gilligan handed him the vine, and Howell lowered one end into the barrel.  
He placed the other end between his lips and sucked.

"Like drinking through a straw," Gilligan noted.

The fluid finally reached Howell's mouth.  He filled his mouth, then 
pinched the end of the vine.  He swirled the liquid around his mouth, then 
swallowed.

"Ambrosia," he said, "Nectar!"  He raised his eyes to the sky.  "Thank 
you!"

"You're welcome," said Gilligan.
...........................................................................

Ginger walked toward the compound table, just as the Skipper brought up his 
load of fish.  

"I'll take that, Skipper," she said, and he handed over his bundle.

"Thanks, Ginger."  He stopped to wipe his brow, and said, "I'm going to go 
up to the waterfall and wash up."

He started up the path to the sweetwater pool.  Ginger took the fish over 
by the fireplace, and added some wood to the coals still smouldering there.  
Flames started to appear around the new wood.
...........................................................................

"Gilligan, dear boy, go back to my hut and get a couple of empty bottles," 
Howell said, sipping from his straw.

"Sure, Mr. Howell."

"Oh... If Lovey is there, don't let her see you."

"Okay."  Gilligan started back toward the compound, but remembered the 
fruits.  He doubled back into the jungle and located the vine.  He picked 
three of the yellow fruits, and rolled them up in his shirt.  Then he 
headed back toward the compound.

..........................................................................

The Professor and Mary Ann entered his hut... their hut.  The Professor led 
her over to show her the new bed.

"Oh, Roy," she said, "you expected me to say yes!"

The Professor nodded.  

She wrapped her arms around his neck.  "Let's break it in," she whispered, 
huskily.
...........................................................................

Gilligan ran into the compound and looked around for Mrs. Howell.  Not 
seeing her, he tapped on their door.  "Mrs. Howell?"

"Yes, Gilligan dear?"  She opened the door.  

"I found some," he said, breathlessly.  He unrolled his shirt, and handed 
her the three fruits.

"Oh, thank you, dear boy!"  She took one and sniffed it.  "Smells 
delicious!"

"Ummm," Gilligan shifted from foot to foot.  "Mrs. Howell, Mr. Howell sent 
me for a couple of his empty bottles.  But I wasn't supposed to tell you."

Lovey frowned slightly, but she was delighted to have the fruits.  "Of 
course you can have his empties."  She stepped away from the door and let 
Gilligan inside.  "They're over there in the cabinet."

Gilligan stepped over and opened the door.  There were several bottles of 
different-colored fermented fruit juices, and several empties.  He picked 
up two of the empty bottles.

"Thanks," Gilligan said, clutching the bottles.

"Thank YOU, Gilligan," she said, clasping the fruits to her chest.
...........................................................................

The Professor unbuttoned Mary Ann's blouse, and peeled it back over her 
shoulders.  He caressed the smooth globes of her breasts, their dark brown 
nipples popping up like rubber erasers under his fingers.

She moaned, and kissed his neck.  

His hands moved farther down, and unfastened her shorts, dropping them to 
her feet, where she stepped out of them, along with her shoes.

She reached up and unbuttoned his shirt, running her fingers down his 
hairless chest.  She dropped her hands down to his pants, unfastening them, 
and they joined Mary Ann's on the floor.  He stepped out of his shoes.

Mary Ann sank down into the bed, and lay on her back.  She lifted her 
knees, extending her arms towards the Professor.  He climbed into the bed, 
slipping up between her thighs.

He ran his hands over her legs, and up her sides to her breasts, tweaking 
her nipples again.  Then back down, running his fingers through her dark 
pubic hair to the warm wet place below. 

His thumb found her clit, warm and erect under its tiny hood.  She gasped 
as his thumb brushed over it.

The fingers of his other hand parted her labia, and he could see the moist 
pinkness within.  He slipped a finger inside her, and she gripped it with 
her vaginal muscles.

He bent down and touched her clit with his tongue.  It felt hot, and he 
rolled his tongue over it.  

Mary Ann gasped and reached for his head, running her fingers into his 
hair.

He moved his tongue down further, sliding down the slippery skin past her 
pisshole, plunging his tongue as deeply as he could into her pussy.

She wiggled her hips, running her fingers over his head.

He moved back up to her clit, sliding his tongue, around and over her clit.  
He fastened his lips around her clit, sucking gently, brushing her clit 
with the tip of his tongue.  She gripped his hair, holding him in place.

"OoooooOOOOOooooOOOOOOOoooooohhhhhh!" she moaned, thrashing her head from 
side to side.

The Professor raised his head, and as Mary Ann released her grip on his 
hair, he slid up her body, to kiss her waiting lips.  His cock poised on 
its own at the entrance to her cunt, the cockhead parting her labia, and 
sliding to its full length inside her.

"Ummmmmmph" moaned Mary Ann into the Professor's mouth.  Her clit pressed 
against the base of his cock, as she tilted her pelvis back.  Her vaginal 
muscles clamped around his penis, holding him in place.
.........................................................................

Mrs. Howell walked around to the "kitchen", where Ginger was stirring the 
hot coals, ready to place the fish filets on the grill.  

"Do you know where the Captain is?" Mrs. Howell asked.

"He said he was going up to take a shower in the waterfall," Ginger said.

Mrs. Howell's eyebrow lifted.  "Thanks, honey," she said.

Lovey took another path, but moved around after she was out of Ginger's 
sight.  She headed directly for the waterfall.
...........................................................................

Mr. Howell used the vine-hose to siphon his Scotch into the empty bottles 
Gilligan had brought back.  Gilligan carved a piece of wood to fit the hole 
they had bored in the barrel.  When he had filled the two bottles, Howell 
tamped the stopper into the barrel.

"Thanks, dear boy." Howell grinned.  "Now I'm a happy man."

He staggered back toward the compound, clutching the precious bottles to 
his chest protectively.

Gilligan shrugged, and followed Howell up the path.
...........................................................................

Mary Ann shivered, right on the edge of orgasm.  The Professor's cock was 
deep in her pussy, her clit pressed hard against the base of his shaft.  
The Professor made a small stroke, pulling back about an inch, then moving 
back in deeply.  

Mary Ann gasped, the warm flow of orgasm sweeping over her, convulsing her 
body.

Mary Ann lifted her legs, placing them up on the Professor's shoulders.  
This lifted her hips, and constricted her pussy, giving the Professor more 
friction in her slippery cunt.

He began a rapid stroke, diving deeply into her cunt, pulling back until 
his cockhead was nearly completely out, then back again.

He held his breath, holding himself back a little, but it was too late, he 
burst inside her, emptying his balls inside her.  

She let her legs down, he rolled over to her side, holding her in his arms.  
She tucked her head down under his chin, clinging tightly to him, their 
legs entangling.
...........................................................................

Mrs. Howell approached the sweetwater pool cautiously.  The Captain was 
still there, under the waterfall.

She could hear his voice, singing.  "Roll me over, in the clover..."

She ducked down behind some bushes, and watched, as the Skipper turned 
around under the water.  She could see his cock, hanging down between his 
legs.   

"I should call him 'elephant'," she thought, and smiled.

He finished rinsing off and stepped out from under the waterfall, reaching 
for his towel.  He dried off, and wrapped the towel around his hips, hiding 
his manhood from her.  He turned his back on her, rinsing out his clothing.

She stood up, walked toward the pond, and cleared her throat.  The Skipper 
turned, automatically checking to make sure his towel was in place.

"Excuse me, Captain," she said, "I didn't know you were up here."

"Just taking a shower and rinsing my clothes, Mrs. Howell," he said.  "I'll 
be done in a minute."

He pulled his clothes out of the water and wrung them out.  He threw them 
over his arm and started away from the pool.

"Oh!" Lovey said, as if she just remembered.  "Gilligan found another one 
of these, and I knew how much you liked them."  She pulled the yellow fruit 
out of her pocket and handed it to the Skipper.

"Gee, Mrs. Howell, thanks."  He took a bite of the fruit.

"Don't spoil your appetite for supper," she said, smiling.

The Skipper blinked, smiled, and blinked again.  "Mrs. Howell..."

"Lovey, please."

"Lovey, did you just take off your clothes?"

She looked down, no, she was still dressed.

"No, why..."

The Skipper blinked again.  "No, I guess you didn't.  Sorry."

He started to turn to head back to the compound.

"But I could," she said.

He turned to face her.  She quickly unbuttoned her dress, letting it drop 
to the ground.  She had worn no bra today, just her lace panties.

The Skipper stared.  "Mrs. Howell!"

Her breasts bobbed as she walked over to him, her nipples beginning to 
erect.  She glanced down; his towel was beginning to tent.

She put a hand on his cheek, then kissed him, her tongue pushing deep into 
his mouth.

The Skipper dropped his clothing in the grass, and wrapped his arms around 
her.  She reached down and unfastened his towel, and grabbed hold of his 
penis with both hands.

She stepped back, pulling him by the cock.  She lowered herself to the 
ground, pulling him with her.  He crouched over her, kissing her mouth, 
while she guided his cock to the entrance to her vagina.

He pressed his hips forward; his penis began to slide into her.  

It was getting easier, Lovey thought, easier all the time.  

The Skipper's cock filled her completely.  She wrapped her legs around his 
hips, tilting her pelvis forward and back to rub her clit against the base 
of his cock. 

She was coming already, she thought, and whispered in his ear, "Fuck me 
now, Jonas.  Give it all to me."

The Skipper began to stroke, slowly at first, but building to a faster 
pace.  Lovey began to come, an orgasm sweeping through her, and right 
behind that one, another, even more powerful.

The Skipper grunted, and Lovey held on as he came inside her, and a third, 
even more powerful orgasm washed over her.  The Skipper collapsed, rolling 
them over to their sides, still tangled together, his huge cock still 
filling her pussy.
...........................................................................

Thurston Howell looked both ways before he entered his hut.  He stowed away 
the two bottles of Scotch in his cabinet, hiding them behind the fruit 
hooch.  He started back outside, but noticed two fruits on the endtable.

"Hmmmm," he mused, picking up one of the fruits.  "These were delicious, as 
I recall."  He took a big bite, chewing it with great gusto and a huge 
smile.  The next bite finished the fruit.  He picked up the second one.  He 
ate that one as well.

He got out a drinking cup, and was reaching for his bottle of Scotch, when 
he felt a strong pressure in his pants.

The feeling was so unusual for him that he lost his balance, landing on his 
butt on the floor.  He reached for his groin where the pressure was, and 
found he had an erection.

He stood up and dropped his pants, looking in Lovey's mirror.  "By gosh, it 
is a boner, and a fairly big one at that.  Wait till Lovey sees this!" 

He pulled up his trousers, blousing them around his erection.  He went 
outside to the kitchen area, where Ginger was just taking the fish off the 
grill.

"Have you seen Lovey?"

"She went that way," Ginger said, pointing down the pathway Lovey had 
originally gone down.

Howell headed toward the path, then turned slowly, looking at Ginger.  "My 
dear, have you done something with your hair?"
..........................................................................

The Skipper had dozed off.  Lovey got up, stepped over to the pool to rinse 
off, and put on her dress.  She stuffed her panties into her pocket.  She 
draped the Skipper's towel over him, and set his clothing nearby.

She headed back down the path toward the compound.
...........................................................................

Gilligan stepped out of his hut and walked around to the kitchen area.  
Ginger was bending over the grill, removing the last few filets.  He 
stepped up behind her, and caressed her lovely bottom.

"Gilligan, is that you?"  she asked without turning around.

"Who else would it be?"

"Well, it could be the Skipper.  He's the only one not getting any lately."

Gilligan looked around, and seeing nobody around, lifted Ginger's skirt up 
over her hips.

"What are you doing?" she asked, straightening up.

Gilligan shrugged.  

"Well, if you want a quickie, let's not do it over the fire."  She turned 
and pulled the last piece of fish off the grill.  "There.  Now we have a 
few minutes until everyone comes in for supper."

She took him into her arms, and kissed him.  Gilligan's toes curled in his 
worn sneakers.

"Come on," she whispered.

She took his hand and led him into her hut, closing the door behind her.  
She flopped down on her cot, hiked up her skirt, and pulled down her 
panties.

"Give me your love tool, Gilligan."

Gilligan, grinning, dropped his trousers and climbed on top of her.  She 
guided his rod to her pussy, and he started stroking, fast, furious 
strokes.

He raised himself on his arms, arching his back as he came, pushing his 
cock as deeply as he could into her.

He collapsed on top of her.  She stroked his hair.  "You owe me one," she 
whispered.  "You want to move in here with me to make up for it?"

He raised his head.  "What?"

"Move in with me.  Mary Ann's moved in with the Professor."

"What about the Skipper?"

"Fuck the Skipper."  She looked at his expression.  "No, not literally.  I 
mean the Skipper can take care of himself.  I want you here with me, I want 
you all night long."

Gilligan blushed.  He nodded.

She pressed his head to her chest.  

"Where is everybody?"  Mrs. Howell's voice from outside.  Gilligan 
scrambled to his feet and tried to get his pants on.  Ginger got up, her 
skirt falling back down to cover her naked ass, and she leaned out the 
door.  "Be right there, Mrs. Howell."

"Have you seen Gilligan, dear?"

Ginger smiled.  "Yes, did you want something?"

"Oh..." the light dawned on Lovey.  "Tell him -- when you see him -- that 
the Captain is asleep at the waterfall pool, and he's somewhat... 
undressed."

"I will.  Supper will be in a few minutes," she nodded.

Ginger closed the door.  She turned to Gilligan, who had managed to put his 
pants on backwards, and was unable to find the drawstrings.  

"You heard that?"

"Yeah, I'll go wake him up."

He peeked out the door to see if Mrs. Howell was nearby before he headed 
out.

"Why are you doing that?" Ginger asked.  "I want everyone to know."  She 
threw open the door and shouted, "Gilligan is moving in with me!"

There was nobody in the compound to hear.  She looked at Gilligan and said, 
"Oh, well.  We'll announce it at dinner.  Go get the Skipper."
...........................................................................

Lovey went into her hut.  She looked at the endtable where she had left her 
two remaining fruits.  They were gone.

"Oh gosh," she thought, "Thurston must have eaten them!"

She ran out the door looking for him.
...........................................................................

Mary Ann snuggled up to the Professor again.  She smiled with the thought 
that he would be there all night, so warm, so solid.

The Professor wrapped an arm around her, adjusting his position a bit.  He 
had remarkably the same thoughts.
...........................................................................

Gilligan ran up the path to the sweetwater pool.  There was the Skipper, 
lying in the grass, a towel over his hips.  

He went over to the Skipper and shook his shoulder.

"Skipper, wake up."  

The Skipper didn't move.

He took his hat and dipped some water from the pool.  He dumped it into the 
Skipper's face.

Sputtering, the Skipper sat up, wiping his face.  "Gilligan!  What did you 
do that for?"

"You didn't wake up when I shook you."

"Oh."  The Skipper looked around.  "Now why would I go to sleep up here?"  
He looked down at the towel.  "And naked, as well!"

A frown creased Gilligan's brow.  "Did you eat any of those yellow fruits I 
found lately?"

The Skipper nodded.  "Yeah.  Mrs. Howell gave me one when I came out of the 
shower.  That's the last thing I remember."  He rubbed his face.

Gilligan understood.  He helped the Skipper stand up, and handed him his 
clothing, which was now dry.  The Skipper got dressed.

"It's time for supper," Gilligan said.
...........................................................................

Lovey stood in the compound, wondering which way to go to look for 
Thurston.  Could he have found Mary Ann, and...  No, Mary Ann was probably 
off somewhere with the Professor.

She turned, and almost ran into Ginger, who was carrying a platter of fish 
filets to the table.  

"Have you seen Thurston?" she asked.

"A little while ago, he was looking for you," Ginger said.  "He went that 
way."  She pointed.

Lovey headed down the path, and nearly ran into Thurston.

"Where have you been, Lovey?" he asked.  "I have something wonderful to 
show you."

He guided her hand to his crotch.

"Oh my, Thurston," she gasped, "Is that a pistol in your pocket?"

"No.  And am I happy to see you!"

He pulled her into his arms and tipped her backwards in an exaggerated 
"movie kiss".  Their lips met.

Then he dropped her.
.........................................................................

Ginger tapped on the Professor's door.  "Supper's ready."

"Be right there," Mary Ann's voice said.  

Ginger smiled and walked back towards the table.


Reluctantly, Mary Ann got up and gathered her clothing together.  The 
Professor rose, and she handed him his trousers.  

"Let's go eat," she said, "then come back here for dessert."
..........................................................................

Thurston started to help Lovey up, but she said, "I'm fine, Thurston."

She reached down and hiked up her skirt, revealing her naked cunt.  "Let's 
take care of that boner of yours."

Thurston wasted no time dropping his pants and climbing between her legs.  
He slipped his cock into her.

He began to move, frantically.

"What he lacks in size," Lovey thought, "he makes up for enthusiasm."  

Without expecting it, she was actually getting turned on.

Thurston kept pumping, and pumping.  Lovey put her legs around his, her 
feet behind his knees.  She began to move with him, tilting her pelvis 
forward and backward with each stroke.

She WAS getting turned on!  In fact, she was nearing orgasm.  She clasped 
at Thurston, whimpering, moaning.

She climaxed, for the first time with Thurston in what... twenty years?  
Her cunt squeezed his small cock, her body moving in time with her 
contractions.

Thurston began to come, too, his semen spurting hotly inside her.

He collapsed on top of her, nuzzling at her neck.

From her experience with the Captain, she knew she had to get Thurston back 
to the compound before he went to sleep.  She rolled him over and stood up, 
her skirt falling back down around her legs.

She pulled Thurston to his feet.  He put a hand to his head.

"I feel so dizzy," he said.

She pulled his trousers up and fastened them.  She led him toward the 
compound.  

Gilligan and the Skipper were at the compound when she approached with 
Thurston.  

"Give me a hand with him," she said.  "He's had too much to drink."

"Must be the barrel of Scotch he found," Gilligan said, and immediately 
clamped his hands over his mouth.

The Skipper and Gilligan helped move Mr. Howell to his hut.  They lay him 
in his cot.  He passed into a deep sleep.

"I guess we can save supper for him,"  Gilligan said.

"Now, what was that about a barrel of Scotch?"  Lovey asked.

"Let's talk about that later," Gilligan said, blushing.  "Let's go eat."
...........................................................................

Supper was uneventful until Mary Ann announced that she had moved in with 
the Professor.  Then Ginger announced that Gilligan was moving in with her.

The Skipper clasped Gilligan's shoulder and congratulated him.

"Then you're not upset?" Gilligan asked.

"Why would I be upset, Little Buddy?"  the Skipper grinned.  

But there was something gnawing at the back of the Skipper's mind.  After 
supper, he wandered alone down to the lagoon.  He sat on a log and stared 
out at the ocean.

"It's pretty, isn't it?" a voice behind him said.

He turned, halfway expecting some spectre.  It was Lovey Howell.

"Yes.  Yes, it is," the Skipper smiled at her.

She stepped up and stood directly behind him.  He sat, looking out at the 
moonlight reflecting off the top of the small waves.

She put her hands on his shoulders.  He jumped at her touch.  She began to 
massage his shoulders and neck.  The Skipper relaxed under her massage.

"You're worried about the young folks, aren't you, Captain?" she asked.

"A little," he nodded.  "I hope they know what they're doing."

"Who ever knows what is going to happen when you start a relationship?" 
Lovey said, shrugging, continuing to knead the Skipper's shoulders.

There was a moment of silence, then he asked, "So what brings you down 
here?"

"The young people paired off and left, and Thurston's asleep.  I didn't 
feel like staying to hear him snore."  She stepped over the log and sat 
down beside him.  "Besides, I wanted to talk to you."

"To me?  What about?"  He looked into her face.  Was she blushing?

"Captain," she said, shakily, "you know those fruits Gilligan found?"

"Yeah!" he grinned.  "Do you have some more?"

"No... I must tell you the truth about them."

"What do you mean?  Truth?"

"The fruit has an... unusual... effect on people."

"Oh?"

"Yes."  She looked away, out to sea.  "It makes people dizzy."

"I don't remember that."

"It also affects memory..."

"Hmmmm.  I get the feeling there is something else."

"It excites people sexually."

"Oh."  The Skipper nodded, staring out to sea.  Then he turned.  "Is that 
what's causing the others to pair off?"

"Partially," she nodded.

"And you were giving me those fruits..."  His eyes widened.  "Did you...?"

She nodded, blushing even more.  

The Skipper took a deep breath.  "What about Mr. Howell?"

"He ate some tonight.  That's why he passed out."  She turned toward him 
again.  "Captain, Thurston is a fine man, and we've been married a long 
time.  But..."  She put her hand on his thigh.  "But a woman needs... he's 
not very well endowed.

"Now that Gilligan's moved in with Ginger, you're going to be alone in your 
hut at night."  She looked into his eyes.  "Would you mind if I came to 
visit you some nights, after Thurston's asleep?"

The Skipper mulled it over a moment, silently, then said, "I suppose we 
could work it out.  But nobody must know, because Mr. Howell must never 
know."

Lovey nodded.  She leaned over and kissed his cheek.  "Thanks."
...........................................................................

(Everybody sing again!)

So this is the tale of our castaways, they're here for a long, long time.
They'll have to make the best of things, it's an uphill climb.
Gilligan and the Skipper too, will do their very best
To make the others comfortable in their tropic island nest.
No phones, no lights, no motorcars, not a single luxury,
Like Robinson Ca-ru-so, it's primitive as can be.
So join us here each week my friends, you're sure to get a smile
From seven stranded castaways, here on Gilligan's Isle!


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
This is the last of this tale.  Like Alan Hale and Bob Denver, I don't want
to be stuck on this island forever.

A few notes on the cameos for those born after 1969: 1969 was the year Star 
Trek went off the air, thus, the crew was "looking for a place to retire" 
in Part 1.  Jerry Van Dyke (part 2) was indeed the first choice to play the 
role of Gilligan.  He turned down the part to play the lead in "My Mother, 
The Car", an extremely short-lived series.  He now is Luthor Van Damme in 
"Coach".  Bob Denver (Gilligan) played the beatnik Maynard G. Krebs in "The 
Many Loves of Dobie Gillis".  Dobie would often soliloquize in front of the 
statue of Rodin's "The Thinker", assuming the same pose while pondering his 
fate (part 3).  Alan Hale's father (whom he resembled greatly) appeared in 
"The Adventures of Robin Hood" with Errol Flynn in 1938 (also part 3).  
(Now you know why he was billed as Alan Hale, Jr.)
