                      Patty On A Leash - 1

    Patty was winding her way around the corner, finishing up her
part-time job walking Mrs. Fisher's two dogs. It was a simple job,
but she was a very nice woman who lived about two blocks away from
where Patty lives, and after playing with the dogs on her way home
from school, she spoke with Mrs. Fisher and struck a deal.

   Mrs. Fisher was an attractive woman, about 30 years old, with
short blonde hair and beautiful blue eyes.  She was about 5'11",
and was in great shape.  Often, before Patty took the job, Mrs.
Fisher could be seen walking with or jogging with the dogs around
the neighborhood in tight spandex shorts and exercise pants.  She
was a very quiet woman, keeping to herself, but friendly.

   Patty was a petite 18 year old in her last year of high school.
She had well-formed legs and hips from her cheerleading all during
her school years, and had nice sized breasts with perfectly round
nipples.  The extra cash she earned from taking care of the dogs
would go towards her college fund, but she liked the animals very
much, so she very much enjoyed her work.

   It was dusk when she finally got the two dogs, both Golden
Retrievers, one male and one female, back to the house.  When she
got to the back door, Mrs. Fisher was waiting, concerned something
had happened to them.

   "I am glad to see you Patty, it was getting late and I had
feared something was wrong".

   "Sorry for the delay", Patty explained as she hung up the dogs
leashes.  "We were having a good run, so I wanted to give them a
full workout while we had the light".  "They look rested, don't
they?"

   Patty, you take such good care of them, I appreciate it so much,
it is so hard to watch them while I have to take care of some
business, I am glad they are in good hands". "Come into the living
room and rest awhile with me"

   They both walked into the large Victorian style homes living
room, and relaxed on the plush furniture Mrs. Fisher had throughout
the home.  Her two loyal pets came in and rested on their respected
animal beds.  Patty noticed how well she took care of her pets
needs, she treated them just like she would a human.

   "Can I get you a glass of soda or water Patty, you must be
thirsty after the run?"


   "Yes, thanks, it was very tiring.

   Mrs. Fisher walked over to the bar and poured some soda into a
large glass with ice.  She walked over to where Patty was sitting,
put the drink down in front of her, and then sat across from her on
the other couch.

   Patty must have been dry, she drank the entire glass down in a
matter of moments.  Mrs. Fisher called the dogs over to her, and
they both jumped up on the couch and sat down beside her, much to
the surprise of Patty, who did not think she ever allowed them on
the furniture.

   "On special occasions, I let them up on the furniture, it is so
relaxing up here, it makes you want to stretch out and relax,
doesn't it?"

   Patty was inclined to agree.  She was starting to get very
tired, taking the dogs out for exercise today mush have knocked her
out more than she realized.  She wanted to leave, but she found
herself becoming very comfortable there on the couch.

   Mrs. Fisher walked over to the couch, and started to massage the
legs of the very groggy Patty.  The two dogs also came over to
where Patty was, and sat down on each side of her.

   "Excuse me Mrs. Fisher. I am not feeling well, I think I will go
home now" and tried to stand up. Walking about two steps, she
collapsed onto the couch.  Mrs. Fisher ordered the dogs off the
couch to their beds, walked over and picked Patty up, and carried
her out of the room.

   Patty was very much out of it, but could vaguely pick up on some
of the things which were happening to her, but she thought it was
all a dream.  She thought she felt someone taking off her clothing,
bathing her, and cutting her hair.

   She also thought she felt her hands being tied and bound as well
as her legs, but each time she thought she was coming to, she
blanked out again.

   In what seemed like hours to her, Patty woke up slowly, feeling
a chill on her back.  She tried to move to stand up, but her legs
were constricted, as were her arms. She was lying on her side, with
her arms and legs pulled in front of her.  She was resting on soft
material, similar to what she found in the living room furniture.

   She heard the door open, and Mrs. Fisher walked in. Patty had
never seen her like this before.  She was wearing a black mini
dress, black stockings, and very high heels with an ankle strap. 
She had her hair tightly pulled up, and was carry some leather
straps and chains.

   "Well my little puppy, how are we feeling today?" she asked a
puzzled Patty, who was try to get up still.  "Are you trying to
stand up, well, this is not they way you do it any more, so try
sliding out of you little bed, and get up on all fours, come on!"

   Patty started to slide out of the bed she was lying on, and
again tried to stand up.  Her ankles and wrists were bound tightly
and connected to each other, and her head was also tied to the
straps which ran from ankle to wrist.  The was only one thing she
could do, walk on all fours!

   She crawled over to where Mrs. Fisher was, slipping slightly
along the way.  Patty's finger and toe nails were painted red, and
she was wearing white stockings with a thin snap thong covering her
crouch.  A thin and small strip of spandex material covered her
breasts, and around her neck was a collar with a hook for a chain. 
Her hair was permed up and had red ribbons in it.

   "Yes my sweet little Patty, I saw how much you enjoyed the
lifestyle my dogs enjoyed, and I like you SO very much, I thought
I would allow you to enjoy their lives and in the process help me
with my work."

   Patty tried to pull apart the straps holding her down, but it
was impossible, they were too tight and thick.  With almost a dog
like instinct, she tried chewing on the straps. Mrs. Fisher laughed
at the site.

   "Gee, I have not even started to train you and you are already
starting to act like a puppy!"

   Patty looked up to her with tears in her eyes.  "Why are you
doing this to me?"

   "My business is in the medical field, helping to find ways have
controlling behavior in people who have problems or who need help. 
I also do a little research on the side in testing the behavior of
animals, especially dogs, which I like so much".

   "You have so many positive qualities, you would make an
excellent candidate for some trials, and this was the best way to
do it".  "Beside, I found you attractive and the dogs like you
too".

   "So what will happen to me know?"  Patty sobbed as she stood on
all fours on the floor.

   "You will live like a dog, be fed, watered, and receive
injections which will give you dog like behavior in no time. Soon
you will not be able to talk, you speech ability will be temporally
suppressed."  "You also will not be able to walk, you will not need
the straps, you will automatically get on all fours and walk this
way."  "You will be a dog!"

   Mrs. Fisher walked over to her, and patted her on the head.  She
reached underneath and pulled the leash ring on her collar around
and hooked it to the leash in her hand. She gave it a tight pull,
and Patty's head popped up, pulling her arms up.

   "Come on Patty, can you sit up and beg for me, come on, beg,
pant little puppy".

   She resisted, and spit into Mrs. Fisher's face.  Wiping the spit
away, she grew angry, and let go of the leash. She walked over and
picked up a rolled up newspaper.

   "You have been very bad, and you must be punished, you must be
spanked!" she yelled down to Patty in a firm voice.

   Patty tried to move away quickly, but she was not used to being
on all fours, and could not move quickly.  Her silk stockings made
her slip as she moved on the finished wooden floors, which is one
of the main reason she was made to wear them.  Mrs. Fisher grabbed
her by the collar, and starting hitting her on the behind.

   "Bad girl!, bad girl!, when you are told to behave, you BETTER
do as I say!" she yelled as she spanked her bottom.

   Patty was crying, the tight straps and Mrs. Fisher's strong grip
on the collar strap preventing her from moving away.  After several
more strikes, she pulled the newspaper away.  Reaching around, she
grabbed the leash again and pulled Patty's head and arms up.

   "Now, will you beg for me, come on, pant and beg for me, you
know how its done, you made my puppies do it, now, so can you".

   Patty looked at her, and with tears in her eyes, pushed herself
back onto her knees, lifted her arms up with her hands forward, and
started panting.

   With Mrs. Fisher laughing, Patty continued to pant, her tongue
hanging out.  The way she was holding herself up on the balls of
her feet made it appear she was on hind legs. The light in the room
shimmered off her sparse spandex covering and silk stockings.  It
appeared Patty was submitting to Mrs. Fisher, less risking another
beating.

   Mrs. Fisher walked over to her and patted her on the head. 
"That's a good girl, come on, lets get you something to drink". 
Patty got down onto all fours again, and Mrs. Fisher took her by
the leash and walked her out of the room towards the kitchen.

   Patty was moving slowly, but was following along obediently. 
Once inside the spacious kitchen, Mrs. Fisher led her over to the
sink area where the dogs bowls are kept.

   "Are you thirsty, of course you are, well, I have got a present
for you!" she said with a grin on her face.  Letting go of the
leash, she filled a dish with water and put it in front of her.  It
was a bright white dish with "Patty" inscribed on the side.  Patty
turned her head away, but Mrs. Fisher pulled it back towards the
dish.

   "If you want to drink, start laping away at the water,
otherwise, do without, those are the choices!" Patty heard
bellowing out of Mrs. Fisher, who was growing angry again.

   Sensing she may be hit again, and feeling dry, Patty bowed her
head down and started laping at the water.  She found it difficult
to learn to do, but soon was able to take on some water.  Mrs.
Fisher kneeled down along side her and started to pat her on the
head again.

   "Yes my pretty little thing, you are learning to obey quickly,
I like this" she said with glee in her eye.  Again pulling on the
leash, she pulled Patty away from the bowl and walked her back into
the living room.

   "Well, I have to go out for awhile, so you will have to stay
here with the pups until I return".  She unhooked the leash and put
it on the table.

   "You can do what you want, walk around, play, sleep, just do not
get any ideas about trying to call out or getting to an open door. 
The phone lines in this room are off when I am not here, and the
doors and windows are locked and the drapes drawn so nobody can see
in".

   Patty was moving around the room slowly trying to see if she
could see out or get out, instead all she did was tired herself
out. Dejected, she walked over to her bed, and fell onto her side,
tears flowing down her face.  The next sound she heard was the door
slamming shut as Mrs. Fisher walked out. 

