SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL: RAPE/BONDAGE/DRUG

          ********************************************
            Copyright 1990   All rights reserved
          ********************************************
This is a kind of X-rated version of Romancing the Stone combined
with Raiders of The Lost Ark. Our hero and heroine are down
in the jungles of Peru searching for ancient artifacts. They encounter
evil government soldiers, nasty rebels, and lost jungle natives.
            ****************************************



                       Part One

     Neither the heat, the dust, nor even the leers and occasional
pawing of the ignorant latin peasant men could break Stacie
O'Connor's good mood. After months of research and more months of
begging, wheedling, and conniving, she was finally in Peru, on her
way to the lost tombs of the Mayan King Koo Lan and his family.
     The fact that nearly everybody dismissed her chances of
finding anything did nothing to dissuade her. If anything, it made
her even more determined to prove them wrong. 
     She knew her odds, but knew what she stood to gain, instant
prestige. A doctorate in Ancient South American cultures meant
nothing to the fuddy, creaking, gray haired old boys network that
ran every museum and gallery, and every archaeological dig in the
world.
     Newly graduated doctors, no matter what their grades or
intelligence, were little more than fodder for the wheel, used as
servants and labourers, digging, cleaning, dusting, washing and
note taking.
     If she was lucky, she would be able to attach herself as a
very junior assistant on one of the least important digs somewhere,
and spend years and years gaining the confidence and recognition
that would allow her greater projects.
     It would take ten or twenty years before she was instantly
dismissed as a flighty, ignorant little girl. The old boys were as
sexist as they came, and though they would never of course, admit
it, most thought the archaeological world was no place for women,
let alone young and pretty ones.
     She had tried to disguise herself of course, in order to be
taken seriously. She'd purchased glasses. She didn't need them of
course, but they were carefully chosen so as to make her look both
intelligent and sophisticated.
     Her beautiful blonde hair was died brown, cut short and pulled
back tightly against her head in a small bun. Her body itself was
concealed, as best she could, in loose shirts, sweaters and pants
that concealed the smooth roundness of her hips and buttocks, the
slim flatness of her belly, and above all, the high, firm roundness
of her oversized breasts.
     She wouldn't, she simply WOULD NOT be dismissed as a sex
object without a brain!
     This dig would make headlines around the world and give her
work for years to come, cataloguing, deciphering, then explaining
and lecturing on her find. By then she'd be famous and could get
her pick of digs anywhere in the world.
     She strode arrogantly through the lobby of the hotel, the bell
boys carting her things along behind, stopped at the counter and in
a carefully cultivated voice of authority, proclaimed herself and
her reservation. 
     The clerk hurriedly signed her in and gave her key to one of
the bell boys, who hurried to the ramshackle old elevator with her
bags. She stood, ramrod straight in the elevator, looking straight
ahead as it slowly ascended to the top floor.
     Then she moved quickly ahead, almost marching forward until
she stopped before her door. The bell boys caught up, unlocked it
and hurried through. She dismissed them firmly and then she was
alone, and finally beginning her first real dig.
     She allowed some of her excitement to appear on her face then,
finally alone. She moved to the window and looked out on the city,
such as it was, thinking of how things looked here a thousand years
ago.
     Tomorrow morning, she would leave it behind, and with her
assistant and labourers, head into the jungle towards Munga
mountain and make her name.
     Of course there were a thousand details to take care of first,
and of course, her assistant hadn't shown up yet. She didn't even
know who he was! All daddy, Professor O'Connor had promised was
that he'd find someone competent.
     Well, that was all she needed, just so long as they knew who
was in charge.
     The phone rang.
     She moved over and picked it up.
     "Stacie O'Connor." she said.
     "Miss O'Connor? There is a man here to see you. An American.
His name is Blackthorne."
     "Blackthorne." She whispered. "Jack Blackthorne?"
     "Yes, Miss O'Connor. Shall I send him up?"
She stared at the wall, her eyes closed.
     "Miss O'Connor?"
     "Yes?"
     "Shall I send him up?"
     "... Yes. Yes. Send him up." She said, slowly putting down the
phone.
     Her mind was in turmoil. How could he? How could this have
happened? Of all the people her father could have hired, how could
he have settled on that drunken, lazy sonofabitch?!"
     "Oh God!" she moaned, covering her face with her hands.
     Not only was Jack Blackthorne a lazy miserable bastard, he was
also a stinking pervert. The last time they'd met had been on a dig
in central asia. They were both working as assistants, she during
her summer holidays.
     He'd gotten her drunk, taunting her in order to show that she
could drink, that any woman could, and not lose control. Then what
he'd done to her... 
     She blushed every time she thought of it, which was not often.
It was one of the most humiliating events in her life and one she
tried desperately to forget. Unfortunately it invaded her dreams
regularly, and always in erotic tones that made her heart race and
her loins yearn for a man's touch.
     Stacie had had only two men in her life. One, her first was in
her freshman year. She'd allowed it merely to show herself that it
meant nothing, and it hadn't. The boy was clumsy, fast and hurt
her. Jack though, was entirely different.
     She'd never felt like that before, and never wanted to again.
It wasn't that it wasn't.... incredible. But she'd been totally
under his control, almost his plaything. She never wanted to be
used like that again, no matter how pleasurable.
     There was a knock at the door. She took several moments to fix
her face firmly in place, then strode to the door. She opened it
and stared arrogantly into Jack 
Blackthorne's chest. She cursed herself and raised her eyes,
instantly recollecting the somewhat condescending smile as he
looked back.
     "Mister Blackthorne." she said, tonelessly.
     "Hey there, Stace."
     "Miss O'Connor, please. Come in." she held the door and stood
aside, back, ramrod straight. She shrugged, gave her that patient
little smile and swaggered through the door and over to the bed,
where he turned and dropped down, propping himself up on his hands
as he continued to smile, or was it smirk, at her.
     "Let me get things straight from the start, Mister
Blackthorne," she said. "You were not my choice for this
assignment, and in fact, had I been consulted, you would not now be
here. But since you are here, I want there to be no
misunderstandings about who is the boss here."
     "You're payin' the bills, honey. You can be boss if you like."
he smiled.
     "The bills are being footed by the Belmont research
Institute."
     "Your daddy's place, isn't it?"
     "My father is a member of the board but... "
     "Isn't he the chairman?"
     "Will you shut up!" she snapped, stomping her foot.
     "Anything you say, baby."
     "I will thank you to address me as Ms. O'Connor!" 
     "Ms. O'Connor, huh? You were singing a different tune last
year, Mizz O'Connor." he sniffed. "Seems to me it was... OH FUCK ME
HARDER JACK! FUCK ME HARDER!" he cried the words in a high pitched
excited tone as he smirked at her.
     Stacie turned a deep shade of red and her breath momentarily
left her as she froze in humiliation. She started to talk, then
stopped, unable to get the words out.
     "Or was it something like... OHHHH! YOUR COCK! GIVE ME YOUR
COCK!..."
     "SHUT UP!" she screamed.
Her skin was fiery hot as she scowled furiously at him.
     "Whatever may or may not have happened in the past, when I was
purposefully misled into consuming too much alcohol, is in the
past! I will try to tolerate your presence, though I find you
disgusting, perverted, ignorant and completely incompetent, only
because I don't want to delay this trip any longer! But you will
speak when spoken to and reply in a respectful tone with respectful
words! Do I make myself perfectly clear?"
     He smiled his tolerant smile again and shrugged.
     "Whatever you say, honey. I mean, Mizz O'Connor."
     "Good!"
     "So where's the map of this place we're headin' to, anyways'?"
     "I have the map and I shall keep the map, if it's all the same
to you!"
     "Suit yerself, Mizz O'Connor."
     "I will! Now, here is the location of the labour hire hall
where the men I have hired is located." She handed him a small slip
of paper. 
     "Go and pick them up and then go to the supply outlet listed
on the other side and pick up our jeeps and supplies. Return here
immediately. I'll expect you in not more than one hour."
     "They ain't gonna be there, babe."
     "What?"
     "The hiring hall. The boys you hired won't be there."
     "How do you know?"
     "Cause I know is why. You hire em for today or tomorrow?"
     "Today."
     "They won't be there. They work from dawn to dusk. That's the
work day here. They showed up at dawn. When you didn't, they went
home or to the bars or something. They'll be back at dawn
tomorrow."
     "I wanted to leave tonight!" She snapped.
     "Can't do it. You'll have to pay em' for today, too."
     "I will not!"
     "Yes, you will. Else the government won't let you leave the
country when you're done. Trust me. We'll leave tomorrow at dawn."
     "I decide when we leave, Mister Blackthorne."
He sighed and shook his head, the condescending smile still on his
face."
     "Look, sweety..."
     "Ms. O'Connor!" she snapped.
     "Right. Look, Mizz O'Connor, you can't do anything these
people don't wanna do. What's more, they won't take orders from
you. You let me handle em'. I've done it before."
     "I am in charge of this expedition. They will take orders from
me!"
     "No. They won't. You're a woman. They won't take orders from
a woman. They won't even work for a woman. You try and yell at em,
they'll just ignore you."
     "Then I will fire them and find others."
     "None of em' will work for you, babe. And what are you gonna
do if they tell you to fuck off when we're a hundred miles into the
jungle, fire me then?"
She glared at him, furiously.
     "Remember your cultures one-oh-one?"  he grinned.
     "Very well. You may handle them. They're ignorant labourers so
you have a great deal more in common with them than I do."
     "Right you are."
     "I want to leave at the crack of dawn."
     "Sure, babe."
     "Ms. O'Connor!"
     "Right. Right."

     She decided to take the opportunity to study the maps and
notes some more, then have a bath. It would be her last bath for
some time, at least in hot water. She cleaned the tub first, then
filled it and stopped briefly at the mirror before getting in.
     She had a wonderful body. She knew that, though it was little
more than a curse to her in her business. It was the body that
peered brainlessly up from a thousand magazine covers and
centerfolds. It was the body of a stupid blonde bimbo.
     She had perfect curves, a pair of perfectly formed, high
rounded breasts that would have made her look stacked, had she not
been so tall and physically fit. She had a good strong chest, her
ribs prominent and well formed beneath her firm, rounded mammaries.
     Her waist was somewhat thin, the envy of her friends, and her
hips were round and womanly, leading to long, perfect legs that
were made for mini skirts, but had never seen one. She ran a hand
through her died brown hair, noting reluctantly that it was
starting to get long again and would soon have to be cut.
     Her groin was lightly dusted with golden fur. She'd had no
reason to even attempt to dye it since no man was going to see it
anyway, and her crack was easily seen beneath the hair. She turned,
running a hand across her left ass cheek. That too was a
distraction to men she dealt with. In fact, her body was probably
her biggest difficulty in being taken seriously, well, her second
worst. Her worst was undoubtedly her face.
     She shoved a lock of brown hair from her eyes and shook her
head as she saw herself. "Doctor Stacie O'Connor." she said,
finding it hard, herself, to accept the title with the image. She
didn't look her twenty-five years. She couldn't even get into a bar
without her ID.
     She wouldn't look out of place on a high school campus, in
fact. She wasn't sure whether it was her huge blue eyes, her pouty
little mouth or her sweet little upturned nose. Maybe it was all of
them combined. Together they made her look like a teenager, a cute
little girl who was to be looked at but certainly not to be taken
seriously.
     "Shit." she said. She turned from the mirror and went to the
tub, then got in, easing herself into the hot water with a sigh of
relief.
     Things were definitely not going the way she'd expected.
Still, she could cope with that baboon, Blackthorne. Letting him
deal with the scruffy little latin labourers was probably a good
idea, too. It would save her the problem.
     She remembered their last meeting, blushing again as she
recalled his words earlier in the afternoon, and the gap in her
memory that didn't let her recall whether or not she actually had
said words like that. She closed her eyes and rubbed her wet hand
across her face as she eased further down into the water.
     How she could ever have gotten involved with that big, ugly
brute was something she'd never be able to understand. Oh, he had
a certain charm, if you were looking for the dumb jock type, and he
was unquestionably big, handsome, and muscular, but who cared? He
had the sensitivity of a rhino.
     And the horn of one, popped into her mind. That she did
remember, that big cock of his. She had a vision of herself in much
the same position as she was in now, on her back, legs spread,
knees up. She remembered looking down between her legs and seeing
that massively thick horn of his sliding in and out of her groin.
     She shook her head in anguish. How had she allowed herself to
become so drunk she had let him use her like that? Her hand slid
down between her legs and cupped her crotch, remembering how it had
looked with the big reddish cock pounding into her. The cock had
looked too big for her body, way oversized. It had fit though.
     It hadn't been any great seduction. She remembered that much.
It had bordered on rape. He'd simply started pawing her body and
refused to take no for an answer until her body had refused to let
her keep saying no.
     She closed her eyes, working her two fingers up and down her
slit, rubbing lightly as she recalled the look of that big prong
going into her, and tried to remember the sensations of pleasure
that had gone with it. She'd cum, more than once in fact. She'd cum
several times, the first almost taking her head off.
     She rubbed harder, her fingers churning the water as she
ground them against her cunt slit and clitty. She pulled her knees
up and back, sliding further down in the water as she probed at her
hole, sliding a finger down into her cunt tube as she groaned
lightly.
     She felt her clit stiffen, felt the heat in her body that did
not come from the water. She felt her breasts harden and swell,
watched the little nipples getting erect. 
     She began to pump the finger in her cunt, trying to think of
something else erotic, her mind flashing over erotic movies,
hollywood superstars, people she knew in the past that were
handsome and sexually appealing. In the end though, it was
Blackthorne's face that filled her vision as she pumped her finger
harder and harder into her fuck hole.
     "Ohhhhh! Ohhhhhh! Ohhhhhh! Ohhhhhh!" she moaned, pumping
harder. She felt the water seeping into her cunt as she worked a
second finger inside, prying her cuntlips apart to let the warm
water gush into her. She slid her fingers back and forth as she
seized her clitty and began to rub furiously.
     "Uuu! Uuu! Uuu! Uuu! Uuu!" she groaned, pumping her fingers
faster. She slid a hand onto her rounded breasts, bobbing just
above the surface of the water and squeezed hard, sending a hot
stream of sexual heat into her chest.
     Then she came, arching her back and almost drowning herself as
her head slid beneath the waters and her passion racked mind lost
control of her body. 
Waves of heat blew through her. The water splashed out onto the
floor as her body thrashed about in the tub.
     Then she pulled her head out of the water and gasped, choking
for air. She clung, shivering to the side of the tub as she
regained her breath.

     She felt even more uncertain the next day in dealing with
Jack, and tried to make up for it by acting bitchier and bitchier.
His tolerant amusement only increased her anger until her insults
finally made even him angry and he began to respond in sullen
little barks.
     They were at the cheap, almost deserted old warehouse where
their things were being held. She had insisted on inspecting
everything, despite his claim that he'd done it the previous
evening. She walked around the piles of goods, checking things off
on her list and checking their quality while Jack sullenly
followed.
     "I told you I checked everything." he glared.
     "You're a second rate hack. If you were any good, you would be
leading your own digs by now, Mister Blackthorne. How long have you
been doing this now, ten years, twenty?"
     "What you really need, Stacie, is a good solid fuck." he
sniffed.
     "It's too bad there aren't any men around then, isn't it?" She
snapped.
     "I can think of one who could do the job." He leered.
     "Why don't you go and find him for me then, asshole?" she
snarled, letting her anger really take control.
     "He's closer than you think."
     "I sincerely doubt it!" She glared at him, a sneer on her
lips.
     He rushed forward suddenly, his arms engulfing her. Stacie was
forced back against the wall as his lips crushed against hers,
silencing her cry of surprise. Jack's right hand darted down
between her legs, seizing her left thigh and forcing her leg up and
back against the wall as he ground his crotch into her groin.
     "Mmnnpphhhhh! Get off me you fucker!" she snarled, shoving
furiously at him. Instead he only pushed harder against her. He
jerked her skirt up, revealing her white bikini panties. Then his
left hand was at his pants, popping the clasp and jerking them
downwards. He wore no underwear and his hand went to hers, tearing
the thin nylon right off her.
     He grabbed her wrists, holding them both above her with his
left hand as his right grabbed her thigh again, lifting her leg
back up against the wall. His body slammed against her, making her
gasp in pain as his weight bore her into the wall.
     Then his hard cock was rubbing against her groin, skimming
along her soft flesh as he humped against her. She cursed and
hissed at him, trying to bite his cheek. He slapped her, knocking
her head aside, then raised his right knee, propping up her leg and
releasing his hand for a moment to grasp his erection and center it
against her slit.
     He drove forward and she cried out as his cock drove into her.
His hand returned to her thigh, forcing it up and back as he pushed
his prong into her, forcing it up through the narrow opening
between her legs, ramming the rounded cockhead up into her guts as
she jerked and trembled against him.
     Her mouth hung slack and her eyes bulged wide as his cock
drove up into her. She twitched and shivered, then her head flew
back against the wall and her back arched as she groaned in
response to her suddenly filled cunt box.
     His face pushed against her throat, chewing, sucking fiercely.
He ground himself into her, rutting his cock back and forth in her
tight pink box. He let go of her wrists and her hands slowly came
down around his shoulders as he gripped her buttocks in both hands
and threw his hips forward.
     She groaned and her head swivelled slowly back and forth, her
eyes closed tightly. Her left leg remained high of it's own
volition, and gradually curved around him as he began to slam his
weight against her, pounding his cock high up into the tight
confines of her fuck-hole as he ground her ass between his fingers.
     He slid his cock back down the length of her hole, then
slammed forward, hammering her into the wall and stabbing his cock-
stick, balls deep within her. 
     "Oooohhhh Godddddd!" she moaned. 
     His heavy frame slammed into her again and again, throwing her
back against the hard wood of the wall as his fuck-rod pumped up
and down in her cunny. Her left leg was high around his waist now
and as his hands pulled on her ass cheeks, she lifted her right,
encircling him and hanging on tightly with her hands.
     He ground himself into her crotch, twisting his prick inside
her fuck-tunnel. His hands lifted her up and down on his dick as
she began to hump back frenziedly. She ground herself up and down
in time to his short thrusts, whining and mewling against his ear
as she felt his prong sliding back and forth inside her.
     She rode him furiously, all her muscles straining as she
humped up and down against him. 
     "Fuck! Fuckkkkk!" he groaned. He twisted around and staggered
across to a large wide crate, then fell forward on top of her. His
weight came crushing down on Stacie, knocking her legs loose as his
cock thumped down into the base of her fuck hole. 
     He grabbed her legs, his huge hands easily encircling the
smooth limbs, and shoved them far back against her chest, pinning
her ankles next to her head, pressing hard into her ears as she
grunted with the strain imposed on her thigh muscles.
     Jack rammed his cock into her like a jack-hammer, pounding
down with a terrible force that set the entire crate bouncing and
shuddering with each powerful thrust. Stacie gasped and grunted
like a stuck pig, her moans and warbling cries almost overwhelmed
by the creaking and thumping of the crate.
     Her crotch was wide open for him and he was able to drive the
entire length of his shaft deep into her belly with each thrusting
stroke. Her head fell back, her eyes dazed and senseless, her mouth
gaping open as her body pulsed and throbbed with a whirling sexual
tornado that sprang from between her legs.
     Her crotch was a fiery hot volcano of fuck energy that sent
terrible jolts of electrical wildfire searing through her system.
She mewled weakly, her body in pain from his awesome, almost brutal
strokes, his entire weight crashing down into her, threatening to
break her spine as he speared his angry red prong into her guts.
     She came, her eyes blinded by twinkling lights as her system
overloaded and her cunt spasmed and exploded. Her thinking
processes ceased to exist, blotted out completely by her body's
shrieking eruption of powerful sexual energy.
     "Ungh! Ungh! Ungh! Ungh! Ungh! Ungh! Ungh!" she gasped, her
eyes closed tightly as she bit her tongue, straining under
incredible pressure as her entire body shuddered under wave after
wave of powerful high tension sexual release.
     Heat flared out of her cunt, burning into his cock as he
hammered his hips down into her taught buttocks, crashing against
her again and again, the sound rising above her gasping moans, a
dull thumping of bone on bone and a high slapping sound of flesh on
flesh.
     On and on he fucked, brawny arms supporting him, hands locked
around her ankles, muscular frame smashing down into the soft
yielding surface of her female flesh.
Battered and bruised, her orgasm only  barely let up before another
began, her body charged with sexual power, skin electrified and
crackling with heat.
     "Uuunnggghhhhh Godddddddddd!" she gasped.
     "Ohhhhh Pleeeeaasseee!... Ungh! Ungh! Ungh! Ungh!
UngggggggggGGAAAAAAAAA UNGH! UNGH! UNGH! UNGH!"
     Her body shook spastically as she went into convulsions, her
head thrashing maniacally against her ankles, her hands slapping
lifelessly up and down against the wood at her sides. Her cunt
sprayed hot boiling fuck juices down on his cock as it pistoned
deep within her, pulping her organs, churning her guts into liquid
jelly.
     His balls threatened to break open with the force of their
slapping impact against her ass cheeks as his steel hard cock
pierced her body repeatedly, his round nosed cockhead crushing into
her cervix with bruising force. He felt her spastic cunt gripping
and sucking on his dick, and fought to tear it free just to slam it
back into her.
     Stacie lost all grasp of time and space, becoming little more
than one giant sensory organ, receiving immense sexual signals form
her glistening pink cunt opening and her bulging, swollen tit
mounds. She gurgled like a demented lunatic, then screamed like a
psychotic, her body convulsing repeatedly under the awesome attack
of burning sexual fire.
     Jack rodded down into her, his hard purple-red meat staff
leaking cum as he rode her mercilessly. His lips pulled back in a
joyful grimace of pleasure as his tool impaled the shaking girl,
sinking balls deep inside her gaping cunt tube.
     He pulled back, raising his ass high, his cockhead coming out
of her with a low pitched sucking noise. Then he dropped his weight
down, his cockhead piercing her wet, glistening cuntlips and
stabbing deep into her belly. She gave a high pitched gasp and
cried out, then he pulled free once more.
     He rubbed his gleaming cockhead through her fluffy cunt hair,
then poised it at her entrance and once more, drove it hilt-deep
inside her, again making her cry out, a high pitched sound of
stunned amazement and shocked gratification.
     He repeatedly tore his cock loose from her overheated body,
only to thrust it down into her again, stabbing her like a deranged
madman. Stacie's pussy lips were pried and pierced repeatedly by
his shining cock-tool. Each new penetration sending a bolt of
wildfire sexual power sizzling along her spine and up into her
brain.
     Her silky, sodden cunt box was pounded and pumped and grinded
down by his hairy, knobby staff. She cried out again, her body
raised once more to awesome heights. He drove his dick into her and
began his high pitched, jack-hammering once more, setting her off
like a crackling string of fire-crackers.
     Her gulps and grunts turned into a long terrible scream of
pure dementia, her guts roiling and turning and shifting inside her
as a sexual climax burned it's way into the deepest pit of her
belly, consuming everything it touched.
     Then Jack felt his load shifting at last, felt the long
suppressed cum pressure build up beyond his limits to control it.
He grit his teeth but it was no use and his body finally flared and
exploded. His cock fire-hosed sperm into her belly, sending the
bubbling white stream gushing down into her as he groaned and came.

     His cock burned and rippled with bliss, long waves of ecstasy
shooting into his belly as he poured jism into the girl's blonde
cunt. It backed up within her and sprayed out the sides of his
still pistoning rod, coating her entire crotch with it's salty
white stickiness.
     "Oohhhh FUUuuuucckkkkhhhh!" he groaned, finally letting
himself slump down on her. He released her ankles, which were still
crushed back by his chest, but they slowly slid apart until they
fell onto the crate with a thump and she grunted with sudden pain
as the pressure on her thigh muscles was released.
     "Still a good fuck, Stace, baby." he gasped.



                         Part Two

     If she hadn't been so disoriented and flustered, she'd have
simply fired him then and there and waited however long it took for
a replacement. Instead she'd staggered out from the back of the
warehouse, he trailing along behind, and almost fell into the lead
car of their little convoy.
     The ten men she'd hired had been loading things as she'd
approved them. Now they pulled the last batch into the back of the
fourth jeep. When Jack slapped her on the shoulder, she'd stomped
on the gas and the jeep had lurched forward. She'd almost run into
several cars before Jack had stopped and shoved her over, then
taken the wheel, himself.
     For several hours she'd sat there staring at nothing, bleary
and confused. Trying to figure what had happened and trying to
avoid speaking, or even looking at Jack. 
     The scenery whizzed by as their jeeps moved along towards the
mountains. The road got progressively worse as they moved away from
the city. Soon, they were off the main road, such as it was, and
bouncing along a rutted track through the trees.
     There was little to be seen on either side until they entered
the plains, then moved swiftly over and through the tall grasses.
She gradually began stealing little looks at him, always careful
that he wouldn't see. She still couldn't bring herself to talk,
though.
     They rode on in silence, the day passing as the jeeps bounced
and lurched forward. It was almost noon when Jack finally pulled
over and they all stopped for lunch. He began asking her questions,
simple little things which she answered in monosyllables.
     He grinned at her, then shook his head and snickered. She
glared furiously at him.
     "What are you laughing at?" she hissed.
     "You."
     "And what's so funny about me?"
     "You're all upset about a little fuck. I never knew why you
girls get so upset over a little fucking."
     "You... you... you..." she stuttered, furiously.
     "You practically raped me!" she hissed.
     "You sure seemed to like it."
     "That has nothing to do with anything!" she yelled.
     "If you liked it then why are you mad?"
     "I did not like it!"
     "Liar."
     "You had no right to do that to me!"
     "Oh, come on. You know, fucking is such a fun thing, if you
gals would just spread your legs a little more we'd all have a
nicer time of things."
     "You are a disgusting, vile, lowlife! You are a slimy, dirty,
perverted, stinking, scummy piece of filthy male meat."
     "You liked my meat back in town."
     "Fuck you!" she cried.
     They continued the meal in silence, then moved out, finding
another rutted road and travelling along it for much of the
afternoon. Late in the day their way was blocked by a downed tree
and they stopped to clear it. Suddenly men jumped out of the bush,
screaming and brandishing machine-guns.
     They were quickly surrounded, and a tall, foul smelling man
with a big belly came up to their jeep.
     "What Ju Do here?" he demanded.
     "I am Doctor Stacie O'Co..."
     "Shut up, beetch!" he snarled. He looked at Jack.
     "We're going to look for an old Mayan tomb." he said, in
spanish.
     "Ju teenk ju find treasure, huh?"
     "No. Just old things. We are from a museum."
     "Hah! Ju lie to me! Ju lookink for treasure! Ju want to steal
my people's gold!"
     "Who are you, anyway?"
The man looked offended, he stuck the barrel of his machine gun
against Jack's chest.
     "I am Generalissimo Manual De le Seesimo, Commander of the
People's Revolutionary Commandos!"
     "Oh great."
     "What?"
     "I said, oh good, really wonderful."
     "I will rule thees country as soon as dee steenking capitalist
scum are driven out!"
     "I'm sure you will."
     "Who is this beetch weeth the big teats?"
     "This is my wife."
Stacie, unfortunately, knew some Spanish, and was getting tired of
being ignored.
     "I am not his wife and I will thank you to keep your foul
mouth shut!" she snapped. Her accent was terrible but Manual got
the gist of it.
     "Ju no hees wife?" he said in english.
     "I most certainly am not! I am a free woman!"
Manual's english wasn't much better than her Spanish but again he
got the idea, except of course that her      "free woman" was
translated in his mind to "worthless woman."
     "Ju no look free to me." he said, his eyes roaming her
luscious curves.
     "I am free. I am completely free!" she proclaimed.
     "Maybe ju like a leetle fuck, hmmm. I see if you good for
someteenk." the others laughed but Stacie scowled.
     She slapped his face. He jerked back in astonishment, then
growled and gripped her hair, pulling her head up and back. One of
the men stuck his gun in Jack's nose as Manual dragged Stacie out
of the of the jeep and pushed her against the side.
     "No woman heets Manual De Le Seesimo!"
     "You lowlife scum!" she howled. "You think you're brave? Only
a coward would act like this! You can go and fuck yourself!"
     Again Manual got the gist of her message. As far as he could
tell she had said he had no manhood and was unworthy of her, being
of low birth. She had also said something or other about him
masturbating.
He slapped her, then backhanded her so she fell to the ground. He
grabbed her by the hair then and dragged her to her feet, throwing
her into the arms of one of his men.
     "We will see who has his manhood!" he hissed. "You can go.
Since this woman is so worthless, we will take her with us and show
her how she can be of value to the People's Revolutionary Army!"
     "Uh, I don't think you..." Manual stuck his gun barrel under
Jack's nose.
     "Whatever you say, Generalissimo." he said. The General's men
hauled up on a rope and the tree lifted like a gate. He drove
through, followed by the other three jeeps.
     "Blackthorn!" she screamed. "You scummy filth! Get back here!"
     "Ju cum weeth me, beetch!" Manual dragged her off the road and
down a short trail through the jungle. Stacie had her hands up on
his wrist, trying to keep him from pulling her hair. He booted her
ass several times as they walked.
     "Steenking slut! I'll show you to heet Manual De Le Seesimo!"
     "Let me go! I am an American citizen!" she yelled.
     "Fuck you, beetch!" 
     He hurled her forward into a small clearing, and she fell
forward onto her hands and knees. 
     "Strip her!" he ordered his men, beginning to undo his belt.
Several men rushed her and began grabbing at her pants and shirt.
She screamed and clawed at them, receiving several more slaps and
a punch in the belly that finally shut her up. 
     Her shirt and skirt were torn off her, followed quickly by her
bra. She had yet to replace the panties Jack had torn off. When she
was naked, two of the guerrillas lifted her to her feet and held
her, one on either side, their hands under her arms. 
     Seesimo strode up to her, naked from the waist down. He had a
long, curving brown cock that stuck out from beneath his uniform
shirt. 
     "Some body ju got zere, beetch." he said, admiringly. He
cupped her breasts as if weighing them, then began to squeeze them
tightly, his fingers working deep into the sensitive flesh, mashing
and twisting her breasts from side to side as he leered at her.
     Stacie was mortified, utterly humiliated by her nudity before
these men and their leering, smirking eyes. His words were simply
too much and she felt she had to respond somehow. 
     She slammed her knee up but he jerked aside and she only
caught him a glancing blow. He cursed angrily, then cuffed her on
the side of the face, knocking her back. He followed with his own
knee, which he slammed up into her crotch.
     She gasped and gurgled in pain, waves of dizziness going
through her frazzled brain. He punched her in the belly, his fist
sinking almost to her spine.
     "Whooore!" he spat, bringing his knee up into her cunt again.
     The men forced her to her knees before him, twisting her arms
up behind her back and jerking her hair to pull her head back. Then
she was looking into his crotch as he moved his dick towards her.
Her jaw hung down as she panted for breath and Seesimo slid his
cockhead between her lips and into her mouth.
     His hand was on her head now, in her hair, pulling her head up
and back as he slid his cock into her oral cavity.
     "Ju suck me, beetch, or ju fuckeenk die!" he held a pistol in
his other hand and put the barrel against her forehead. Stacie
gagged on the dirty cock in her mouth, but her eyes were wide as
she stared at the barrel up against her head.
     She began to work her lips and tongue on the filthy, foul
smelling organ as it rapidly hardened. Soon it was too big for her
mouth and Seesimo began to pump it in and out like he was fucking
a cunt. His cockhead slapped and bounced against the back of her
mouth as he jammed it into her.
     She sucked as best she could, her body aching and her head
pounding. She groaned around the thick man-meat as it pounded back
and forth in her mouth, and tried to hold back the waves of
sickness that were flowing up from her belly.
     Then he jammed his now rock hard cock against the back wall of
her cunt with new force. She felt it pushing hard against the
entrance of her throat and tried to close her throat against it. He
pulled back. Her throat had held.
     But then he threw his hips forward, his cock driving into her
again. His cockhead crashed against the entrance of her throat and
then popped through, sliding it's thick pulpy harness down the thin
tube of her throat as she gagged and struggled in horror.
     His cock slid down her throat, making the thin tube ache and
bulge outward. She felt his cock-knob going into her very chest as
he giggled with delight far above her. She couldn't breath,
couldn't move, couldn't think of anything but that thick slab of
meat in her aching throat.
     It seemed to pulse and throb inside her as he held it there
momentarily. Then he slid it back up the length of her tube until
the head popped out of her throat and back into her mouth. She
gasped for breath, drawing shaking gasps of air into her chest as
Manual sniggered and boasted to his men in Spanish.
     She didn't make out what he said, but heard cheering. Then the
cockhead thrust forward, again smashing into her throat and sliding
down the length of it to her chest. 
     This time when he withdrew he didn't let his cockhead pass out
into her mouth. Instead he began to fuck her throat, sliding his
cock up and down her throat as she struggled forlornly and went
whiter and whiter with pain and lack of oxygen.
     He put both his big hands on the sides of her head, forcing
her head even further back as he began to ram his boner up and down
her throat. His belly slammed into her face, cracking against her
nose, bringing tears to her eyes as his cock pistoned back and
forth between her puffy lips.
     She grunted and moaned and whimpered around the pounding cock,
but the men surrounding her only cheered Seesimo on as he brutally
reamed out her throat with his long, thick cock. She was almost
unconscious before he pulled his cock out again.
     Then he let her breath, let her draw in great shaking breaths
of air as he rubbed his spit soaked cock all around her face,
wetting her forehead, her nose, her cheeks and then pressing it to
her lips again. He slid his cock in, then drove it down her throat
until her face was mashed tightly against his groin.
     Then he tore his cock free and cursed something at the men.
They shoved forward on her back and head, pinning her face into the
dirt as Seesimo moved around behind her. They raised her ass and
spread her legs, still holding her arms up behind her back.
     She was gasping for breath, her chest heaving, and could only
concentrate on how sweet each new breath was as she felt hands
pawing at her buttocks and crotch. Then she felt her twat lips
pried open and a sudden hard object rammed into her slit.
     She gasped, then grit her teeth as Seesimo forced his cock
deep into her belly.
     "Theenk I have no manhood, beetch? Here is my manhood!" he
crowed, driving his prong, balls deep inside her. He twisted his
thick meat around inside her pussy as he rode up over her.
     He ground himself into her, his cockhead rubbing against her
cervix as his belly rode up her back and his cock pulled on her
cunt like a hook, trying to draw her forward. Then he moved back,
balanced himself firmly and began to pump his cock inside her.
     He shoved at the men holding her, pushing them aside, then
gripped her hair, dragging her up onto her hands. She knelt on all
fours as he humped her, his cock churning rapidly in her hot
sucking cunt box. 
     As her breathing steadied, her attention was drawn back to her
situation, and she realized that she was on all fours, naked, and
being fucked like a bitch dog while two dozen slovenly men sat and
stood about watching.
     She turned beet red once again, whimpering, then almost
sobbing in frustration, fury, and humiliation. That she, a
brilliant doctor was reduced to such status by a filthy, ignorant
man was almost more than she could bear. It was worse than the
danger she was in, worse than the pain she was feeling.
     She felt his thick meat as it pumped inside her belly, felt
his cockhead repeatedly striking her cervix, felt the entire
bloated mass's movement as it pistoned inside her tight, velvety
cunt tube. This was nothing at all like what Jack had done. There
was no pleasure here, none at all, only pain and humiliation as the
fat man used her for his pleasure.
     Her cunt burned with pain as his hard cock rodded into her.
Seesimo was punching it into her twat with as much force as he
could muster, skewering the tight tunnel to assert his manhood's
force to her. He threw his hips forward with as much strength as he
could, gratified at the grunt of pain from the woman as his prong
punched into her belly.
     "Ju like eet, beetch?" he cackled, his hands sliding under her
and locking around her hanging titties. Their bouncing and swaying
stopped as his fingers squeezed into them, pinching and kneading
the meat with a brutal, vice-like grip.
     He shoved her down, his hands pushing hard on her back and
head. He mashed her face into the dirt as he pounded his rod into
her box.
     "Steeck jour ass eem the air!" he cursed, jerking at her leg.
"Steeck jour ass een the air, beetch!"  
He rutted viciously into her, his hands on her hips now and jerking
her back to meet his furious forward thrusts. His cock stabbed
painfully hard down into her fuck-box, crashing and smashing back
and forth within her.
     She felt her belly quiver and heave as his cock churned her
guts up. His belly was slapping into her raised buttocks with a
furious slapping sound as he shifted into overdrive and really
began to pound it into her. His men watched with approval as he
used her with ferocious brutality, spearing his tool into her
relentlessly until his cum gushed forth and filled the sluttish
Yankee woman's belly.
     Then he pulled out of her and contemptuously kicked her belly,
knocking her to her side, where she moaned and clutched her crotch.
     "Now ju see that my manhood is eentact, no?" he said, to
guffaws from his men. His number one man moved forward. He dropped
his pants, then kicked the woman onto her back and knelt between
her spread legs. He jerked his cock in his hand several times,
making it stiff, then lowered himself on top of her.
     His cock slid into her cunt to the hilt, then he began to hump
into her, kissing her face and neck as his hands slid under her and
cupped her ass cheeks. He drew her lower body up to meet him as he
stroked downward, his cock sliding evenly back and forth in her
fuck hole.
     He bent and sucked her right nipple into his mouth, sucking
and chewing as he jerked his cock into her with hard driving
thrusts. He lifted her legs up and pushed them back. Her ankles
were up on his shoulders as he stroked into her with greater speed
and force.
     Her cunt was exposed and defenceless as he pounded his
erection down into her crotch. He humped down into her with great
gusto, gleefully leering at her as his cock stroked back and forth.
He kissed her, jamming his tongue into her mouth and snaking it
against her own tongue.
     His hands squeezed and twisted her big tits, making her whine
in pain. Then he began hammering his cock into her, shoving her
legs back against her as he rodded furiously. She felt a hot gush
of liquid deep inside her belly and knew he had dropped his load
inside her.
     He sighed with relief and pulled out, only to be replaced by
another. Before he could stick his cock into her, however, Seesimo
kicked him off and started cursing orders. The men got up and
started moving off. One of them dragged her to her feet and shoved
her after them.
     They moved down the trail, Stacie hopping from foot to foot as
sharp stones and sticks dug into her soft bare feet. She winced and
trembled with fear, wondering where they were going and how she
would get away. 
     She knew that they would not let her go. And further realized
that every last one of these men would likely rape her as soon as
they got to where they were going. The thought of being used as a
sex slave by these unwashed savages for an endless time almost made
her burst into tears.
     Then there was an explosion far ahead. All the men started
cursing and dove to the ground. The men behind her moved up and
there was shooting coming from ahead. There was another explosion
from up there and gunfire exploded from the men on both sides of
her.
     She didn't think they could even see what they were shooting
at, but they shot anyway. She curled up in a ball on the ground,
her hands over her ears and her eyes closed.
     A hand grabbed her wrist and jerked her upward. She opened her
eyes to see Jack's glaring face just above her. She stared at him,
stupidly.
     "Move your ass, girl! We gotta get the fuck out of here before
ol' Manual figures out he's shooting at shadows!"
He jerked her to her feet then started dragging her back the way
they'd come. She saw the three men that had been near her lying in
pools of blood, hideous gunshot wounds on their backs.
     Her feet hurt but Jack wouldn't slow down, speeding up even
more when the sound of gunfire finally stopped. He led her back
through the little clearing, pausing only a moment to get her boots
and shove them on. Then he ran forward, dragging her along.
     Her flesh stung as branches and leaves slapped at her bare
skin. Then they burst out onto the road and started running even
faster. Her chest was heaving and her legs were ready to collapse
under her, but Jack held tightly to her wrist and pulled her along.
     A few hundred feet up the road they came to their jeep. He
shoved her in and jumped in himself, jamming his foot down on the
gas. 
     The car jumped forward and picked up speed, racing over the
rutted track like it was an expressway. Stacie bounced up and down
on the seat, clinging to it for dear life. Her big breasts were
bouncing up and down like jello, slapping up and down against her
chest. 
     They drove for almost ten minutes before Jack finally began to
slow down. As her body settled more firmly onto the seat, she
finally began to catch her breath and regain some control of her
faculties. She turned and looked at him dazedly.
     "Had to wait until I could mount a diversion." he said,
casually. "Couldn't do it in the clearing cause they were all
around you. I knew they'd go up the trail so I planted a little bit
of dynamite and a couple of charges. Stupid fucks walked right into
it.
     "I... I... I need some clothes." she finally said.
He grinned and shrugged. "You look fine to me." he said, his eyes
moving up and down her body. She stared down at the seat as he
finally brought the jeep to a halt.
     "I think I got a jumpsuit in here somewhere." he sighed,
turning and reaching over his shoulder. He finally pulled out a
soiled looking jumpsuit and tossed it into her naked lap. She had
to get out of the jeep to put it on. 
     She turned her back, embarrassed, then stepped into the legs
and pulled it up around her. She shrugged into the arms, then drew
up the zipper. It was way oversized for her. Jack appeared around
the side of the jeep. He bent and rolled up the ankles, then the
arms. The thing still sagged on her but not too badly.
     "It'll do till we get to camp."
     "Where is camp?" she asked, automatically.
     "A ways ahead. I told Jeeda not to stop until they were at the
Nienda river. We got a bit of driving to do yet, and it's gettin'
dark, so we better hurry."
     They got back into the jeep and it lurched forward, bouncing
and swaying on the crumbling dirt road. The light dimmed further
and he turned on his headlights. Stacie sat quietly, wrapped in her
own misery and wonderment.
     She couldn't understand her own terrible luck. First she had
acquired this... this.... the insult she had been using since he'd
showed up died when she realized that he had, after all, rescued
her from a long and painful ordeal.
     She'd been raped, but not fifty times like she probably would
have been. She was fine. You're fine, she told herself. Fucking is
no big deal, just like Jack said. Those grimy, filthy men were
scum, and she'd never see them again anyway.
     "Thank you." she said, quietly.
     "Don't mention it."
     "You could have been killed."
     "Coulda been."
     "And I haven't exactly been nice to you since yesterday."
     "You were nice enough in the warehouse."
She blushed and looked away.
     "Well, thank you anyway."
     "We'll see how grateful you are in camp." he winked and leered
at her. She stared at him, dumbfounded.
     "How can you even suggest... Don't you know what they did to
me?"
     "They fucked you from what I saw."
     "You... saw them?"
     "Course. Told you I did."
She was even more embarrassed now.
     "If... if you know, then how, how can you come on to me like
that?"
     "What's one thing got to do with the other? You got a nice
body there, girl. Every man who sees you wants to use it. Ain't
nuthin' strange about that. So ol' Manual was a little rough. I'll
be a lot more friendly."
     "Men are pigs." she sighed, shaking her head.
     "Ain't it the truth." He agreed.



                      Part Three

Stacie staggered into her tent while Jack went to check the layout
of the camp the hired labourers had set up. She stripped out of the
oversized man's jumpsuit and stood there naked for a long moment,
her mind still somewhat dazed by the day's events.
     Her body was coated with sweat and covered with grass stains
and dirt. She felt slimy and dirty in her crotch and her mouth
tasted like unwashed socks, or maybe unwashed cocks. She pulled a
pair of loose, baggy pants from her bag and then topped it with a
halter.
     She grabbed a towel and some soap and then headed out of her
tent. She saw only one of the labourers, who leered at her. She
gave him a glare and then turned and headed for the river. She
wasn't happy about the prospect of a dark, cold bath in river
water, but it was better than the dirt.
     She reached the water, then peered around in the darkness,
looking and listening for any signs of peeping toms. She moved
along the shore, heading further away from the light of the camp,
then finally found a little clearing with sufficient cover and
began to strip.
     It didn't take long. She stood there for a moment in the
darkness, only a partial moon providing light as she slowly eased
into the water. It was not nearly as cold as she'd thought it would
be. When she was up to her waist she dipped down to wet herself,
then began to carefully clean the dirt from her ivory skin.
     Once wasn't good enough. After she'd cleaned herself from head
to toe she started over and cleaned herself a second time, then
finally washed off the soap and rose from the water. She put her
hands on her head, rubbing the water out of her hair.
     She was aware of the raw sensuality of her body, outlined like
this in the moonlight, naked and gleaming wet. Being outdoors nude
had always turned her on, ever since she'd first skinny dipped as
a young teenager at summer camp. At the time, she'd been so aroused
by herself that she'd knelt and masturbated right there by the
water.
     She smiled and then sighed. She ran her hands down along her
body, over the firm roundness of her breasts, over her sharp little
nipples, then down her chest and smooth, flat belly, around the
curves of her hips and squeezing her buttocks.
     She sighed again, sliding a hand down between her legs and
rubbing two fingers up and down her slit, pressing hard against her
clit as she felt the warm gentle night breezes play upon her moist
body. She knelt and spread her legs more, her knees inches from the
waterline.
     Her head rolled slowly from side to side as she began to
softly play with her clitty. Her breasts were hard and swelling as
she squashed them between her two arms, plumping them out and
making the nipples stand out even harder.
     She groaned softly, the heat from her loins growing hotter and
spreading upwards into her belly. She rocked from side to side as
she sat on her heels, her finger sliding up into her fuck-tube as
she diddled her clitty. She slid her left hand up and began to
twist her left nipple, turning it in slow circles before abandoning
it and seizing a handful of tit meat, squeezing that tightly
instead.
     She felt her body throb with heat and excitement. Her head
dropped backwards as her back arched and she gazed upwards at the
moon and stars bright above. The lapping of the waves sounded low
against her excited mewls of pleasure as her cunt boiled with heat
and her tits pulsed and hardened under her kneading fingers.
     She closed her eyes and groaned, feeling the onset of a small
orgasm. It rolled over her glistening body, making her thrash her
head from side to side as she grunted in bliss. 
     She felt the water lapping higher, or was it her knees sinking
into the dirt at the water's edge? The water splashed lightly
against the back of her hand as she rubbed and squeezed her crotch.
Her breathing was becoming even harder and more ragged as the
orgasm relented. Her body, rather than achieving release, was
instead tormented by greater and greater need as she frantically
began to pump two, then three fingers up her little fuck hole.
     Her breathing became louder and harsher. Her chest heaved and
her body jerked and writhed, swaying from side to side and back and
forth as the passion mounted within her. 
     Then an image crammed into her mind, a vision of Jack's large
red cock plunging back and forth in her cunt. It was the sight that
had so captivated her last year when he'd gotten her drunk and then
fucked her to orgasmic bliss.
     Instantly her body was thrown into a higher level of
excitement, as if her sexual euphoria was given an instant kick
start. Her body shuddered under the onslaught of a sensory assault
as her breasts and cunt flared up and sent hot sizzling bolts of
carnal energy lancing into her guts.
     "Oh! OH! OH! OH! OH!" she groaned, her body lurching up and
down as she sought to hump downward against her plunging fingers.
Both her hands were buried in her volcanic crotch as she grunted
with delight, her orgasm exploding over her, growing greater and
greater as she gasped and grunted in ecstasy.
     She knew she had to be silent, but still her voice gave cry to
her delight, growing louder and louder despite her mind's inner
whimpering about being found out like this. 
     "Yes! Yes! Yes! Oh! Oh! Uh! Uh! Uh!" she gasped. She bent
forward, dropping herself onto her face in the water, her arms
beneath her, her hands rubbing desperately at her cunt as her
fingers plunged deep into her box.
     She felt a final, cataclysmic blast of orgasmic pleasure and
opened her mouth for a wondrous scream of ecstasy. At the last
second, she let her face fall forward into the water. She screamed
and shrieked and wailed in delight as she ground herself down on
her fingers, her howls bubbled up to the surface as quiet, watery
gurgles.
     Finally the ecstasy subsided and she managed to slowly roll
herself back out of the water before she drowned. She lay
spreadeagled, half in, half out of the water, her chest rising and
falling and her eyes closed.  After she had rested for several
minutes, she slowly got to her feet, rubbed herself fairly dry with
the towel and then dressed and went back into the camp.

     She woke up the next day strangely refreshed. Though she had
had little difficulty in sleeping, her dreams had been filled with
images of cocks and hard, dirty men. When she'd wakened, she'd
found a wetness between her legs and a low humming in her crotch
that urged her to masturbate. 
     She'd resisted, partially because the image that kept creeping
into her mind was that of Jack and his big cock. Instead she
dressed in her loose pants, tank top and light loose shirt and gone
out to great the day, which she sincerely hoped would be different
than yesterday.
     She glared haughtily at a pair of labourers, then wandered
over to the fire and picked up the coffee sitting there. It smelled
good at least. She poured herself some and tasted experimentally.
It was pretty good. 
     "Mornin' Princess."
She turned and scowled at Jack. "Ms. O'Connor."
     "Whatever you say, luv. We should reach the Gheroun plateau
today, then tomorrow we'll have to abandon the jeeps and start
hoofin' it."
     "I'm not afraid of walking."
     "Course not. It's gonna be sweaty work though."
     "Nothing is ever found by the side of the road, Mister
Blackthorne." She sniffed.
     "Be a helluva a lot more convenient if it were." he grinned.
     "But then you wouldn't have a job."
     "Oh, I'd find somethin' ta do. There's always fools want to go
into the jungles or woods searching for something."
     "Like me?"
     "You think the old man's tomb is there, who am I to disagree."
     "Exactly." she glared. "It's there and you'll find out in a
few days."
     "Just so we don't run afoul of the bloody Danki indians."
     "Their grounds are further to the west from here. In fact,
they never come near this area for some reason."
     "There's always reasons for everything, girl."
     "Huh?"
     "If the damned indians don't want to come here, why do you
suppose that is?"
     "How should I know." she glared.
     "Indians are a practical people, Stacie. If they're stayin'
away from a place it's usually because it's dangerous."
     "There's nothing dangerous about the mountains. They're a
geologically stable area."
     "Yeah, well, I just hope you're right. I'd hate to get caught
in a cave-in, or sunk in quicksand or eaten by herds of tigers or
something."
     "Just so we don't run across those scummy guerrillas again."
she shuddered.
     "I don't think that's too likely. They were on foot and aren't
likely to be headed up this way just to get back at us. We'll
detour around them on the way back."
     "Good."
     "How you feeling?"
     "I feel fine." she frowned.
     "Just wondering, what with those guys, ah... balling you
yesterday."
     "I was not seriously hurt, Mister Blackthorne." she said, her
voice dripping with sarcasm. "The fact that those animals chose to
abuse my body is hardly of any concern to you."
     "If you say so babe. I'm always hearin about how traumatised
you broads are by getting porked without permission."
     "You really are a pig, Blackthorne."
     "I try to please."
     "Please me by shutting up and getting my breakfast."
     "I ain't your servant honey. I'll have one of the gofers fetch
for you."
     They spent much of the day bouncing through the jungle and out
on the plateau, heading deeper into the mountainous jungle country.
Stacie was sticky and uncomfortable, and was beginning to regret
her entire profession.
     She'd always joined digs that were heavily financed and
already well along. That meant a fairly easy journey to a known
destination and no shit along the way. Once there the tents and
cabins, or whatever, had already been set up and there weren't any
worries about indians or anything else.
     She was starting to get disgusted by the whole thing. After
they made camp that night she wandered off by herself, ignoring
Jack and the others. She pushed through bushes, looking for the
source of the vague, humming noise she could hear ahead.
     As she came closer to it, the noise got louder and louder
until it was a rumbling that she could almost feel through the
ground. She recognized it then and became excited. It had to be a
waterfall and she could really use a quick dip now.
     She hurried forward, going towards the sound of the waterfall.
Then as she pushed through a thick pair of bushes she screamed and
fell downward, arms windmilling as she slid down a steep slope and
then tumbled head first into a deep lake.
     She splashed to the surface, spitting out water and looking
around wildly. The lake wasn't very big, only a couple of hundred
feet wide and half that long. There was a thin waterfall, perhaps
a hundred feet high that plunged down into the far end of the lake.
     It was a pretty little lake, she decided. She swam across
towards the waterfall, thinking of taking a shower. There were some
rocks at it's base but she needed to reach a dry spot first so she
could strip off her clothes, especially her shoes, which were
weighing her down.
     She climbed up on some rocks a couple of dozen yards from the
waterfall and quickly stripped out of her clothes, then carefully
climbed naked across the rocks to stand beneath the water. The
weight of it falling was far heavier than she'd thought and she
curled her arms protectively over her breasts as the water pelted
down around her.
     She bowed her head and let the water scour the dirt and sweat
off her, sighing in pleasure, despite it's coldness. She raised her
hands then, arching her back and stretching her hands high above
her, welcoming the water hurtling into her. 
     She backed up a little, and then yelped as she tripped across
a rock. She braced for impact but missed the side of the hill,
instead falling flat. That surprised her for she didn't think there
was room to lie down behind the waterfall.
     She looked around, though she could see little because of the
darkness. Some light penetrated the water and she could see that
she was in the entrance of a cave. She couldn't tell how deep it
was, though it went back further than she could see.
     She picked herself up, barely bruised from the fall, and crept
a little ways into the cave. The sound was enormously loud, a
roaring coming from the waterfall at the mouth of the cave. She
couldn't hear anything else and could see very little.
     Then, as her eyes adjusted, she realized that there was  light
here. It wasn't bright, but once her eyes adjusted, she could see
a fair ways. The cave had some kind of glowing, phosphorescent
material on it's walls. It looked a little eerie, but she could see
to walk.
     She thought briefly about going back for her clothes, but
since the cave was fairly warm and her clothes were soaking, she
decided not to. She moved slowly into the cave, blinking her eyes
as they continued to adjust from the outside sunlight.
     The cave turned, then turned again. She wasn't worried about
being lost since there didn't seem to be any turnoffs. She was, in
fact, having a good time. For the first time in several days she
was exploring and enjoying herself doing it.
     She walked on for twenty minutes or so, finally coming to a
cross tunnel. She figured she couldn't get lost if she took the
left turn, which angled downward. She moved along it in the low
light given by the glowing material on the walls.
     She glanced all around her, looking for some signs that
natives had once come this way. As he eyes fully adjusted to the
dim light, she noted little cuts and carvings in the walls, and ran
her hands over them with delight. She wondered if they had been
charted yet.
     They weren't very familiar, nothing like the mayans or local
indians that she knew about. She found another cross cave and again
turned left. She moved along it, tracing the growing number of
carvings in the walls and trying to identify their origin.
     Then the cave turned sharply and she came face to face with
one of the origins. She gaped at him and he gaped at her. He looked
almost like a stone age native. He wore a loin clothe and had
designs painted on his body. His hair was cut short and round, like
a bowl.
     His eyes dropped in astonishment to her naked body and she
instantly remembered her own nudity, covering herself as best she
could and baking away. He shouted at her then in some strange
language. She shook her head, trying to show him she didn't
understand.
     He kept moving towards her as she backed away and just as she
turned to run, he grabbed her arm and held tightly. She yelped and
slapped at him, but though he wasn't tall, he was very strong. He
twirled her about and began shoving her back towards the direction
he had come from.
     There was nothing she could do but walk. Every time she tried
to slow down he shoved her forward hard. She tried to talk to him,
but neither of them seemed to know each other's language. 
     She walked and walked, for what seemed like hours, twisting
and turning through so many caverns and tunnels she completely lost
her way. They gradually moved upwards though, until she saw the
bright light of the sun in the distance.
     She ran forward, ignoring the native's shout. The light grew
brighter and brighter as she neared the tunnel mouth, and her eyes
started to tear from the light. Then she ran out into the sun and
screamed in shock, for there were another dozen natives directly in
front of her.
     They all stared at her in shock, while the one behind her ran
up behind her and grabbed her again. They all started to jabber at
each other in their strange language, then led Stacie forward down
a wide trail that led to a village a few hundred yards away.
     She kept trying to cover her breasts and crotch with her hands
but because they kept pushing at her, she kept losing her balance
and had to keep jerking her hands out to keep herself upright. She
was franticly running through the local native groups trying to
match one with this strange, primitive group.
     Nothing even came close though. Nor did the strange style of
the village match anything she knew of. 
     The village was made up of round, flat roofed thatched mud
shacks gathered in neat rows. The place was laid out like a modern
subdivision. At the center of the village was an old pyramid temple
like the Mayans and Egyptians used. It was about a hundred feet
high and looked well repaired.
     As she was pushed into the village, more and more people
gathered around, men, women, and children. All of them chattered
excitedly, pointing and shouting at her. Many tried to touch her,
grabbing at her skin and hair. She was even more embarrassed about
her nudity, even though the adults wore only loin clothes and the
children were naked.
     She could hardly think straight with all the shouting in her
ears as she was pushed towards a large hut in the center of the
village. A man stood out in front of the hut and he stared at her
as she was pushed up to stand in front of him.
     The crowds of people went silent, gathering in a half circle
around her as the man stared her up and down. He was old, with
bright white hair. He wore a loin clothe like the others, but his
face and chest were painted brightly. Again, she didn't recognize
the designs.
     He moved around her in slow circles, eyes carefully studying
her. Then he stopped and turned to the crowd. He raised his hands
and shouted something. The crowd went wild, shouting and applauding
and laughing with glee. Then two big men grabbed her and dragged
her towards the temple.
     She had no idea what was going on. She kept shouting at them,
hoping one of them, at least, could understand english, or her poor
Spanish. They led her up the long, wide stairway to the top of the
temple. It was a long walk. 
     Once on top, she was pushed into a stone room and left alone
while the two men stood outside the entrance. When she tried to
leave, they pushed her back. 
     The room was filled with strange objects, all of them
stonework and all carved and painted with elaborate patterns. She
wandered around looking at things, trying to figure out what they
were for. 
     One large, square thing seemed to be the alter, then there
were several tables, and a bunch of bowls, cups, and chalices.
There were little statuettes of animals and bizarre looking
creatures, none of which she could catalog.
     A noise caused her to turn and she saw a dozen women coming
into the low roofed room. They were all smiling and carrying
baskets. She tried again to talk to them but they ignored her,
obviously not understanding anything she was saying.
     They quickly moved around her, giggling and pawing at her. She
didn't know what to do. They pulled and pushed her into the middle
of the room, forcing  to stand on a small, upraised dais. Their
hands were coated in some kind of harsh, soapy substance and they
began to methodically rub down her body.
     She yelped as they took out harsh brushes and scraped at her
body. She was covered in soapy bubbles as they cleaned her
thoroughly. Then they poured pot after pot of ice cold water over
her head until the soap was washed off. 
     They surrounded her again, again rubbing at her flesh, this
time their hands were coated with an oily substance and they began
to rub it all over her body, ignoring her renewed protests.
     She yelped and squirmed and tried to break away but was
surrounded by the circle of women. Their hands touched and squeezed
and rubbed across her everywhere, coating her body with a
glistening sheen of oil. 
     The women stood aside then as a large, fat woman moved through
them. She had a strange looking device in her hand. It was kind of
like an oven baster, only made of stone. She brought towards
Stacie, moving the tip against her groin.
     "Oh no." she gasped, jerking away. Many hands grabbed her,
pushing her down on her belly, spreading her legs apart. The fat
woman bent behind her as Stacie struggled haplessly. She felt the
hard stone of the device pushing against her slick pussy lips, then
it probed within her, pushing deep into her belly.
     She groaned, her arms and legs jerking against the hands
holding her. She felt some kind of liquid slowly dribbling down
into her. It was thick and gooey, thicker even than the oil coating
her body. It felt very warm, almost uncomfortably so.
     They held her in place, patting her head, stroking her hair
and cooing to her as more of the liquid slid into her cunt and
bubbled down into her belly. Then they rubbed at her cuntmound and
let her up. 
     She jerked angrily away from them, her arms in front of her
again, vainly trying to cover her nudity. They just giggled, then
they turned and filed out of the door. She pawed at her skin, her
hands covered with oil. She looked around for some place to rub
herself off on, but there was nothing.
     She padded around the room, angry and frustrated. These people
didn't seem to from any sort of catalogued aborigine group.
Ordinarily that would be a great coup, to find a new group, but all
she could think of was how to get out of her and away from them.
     She scratched at her crotch, which was itching mightily. Her
flesh felt warm, hot even and she cursed at the oil covering her,
wondering if it were to blame. Obviously if her skin couldn't
breath, couldn't get air, she would be overheating. The stuff was
too thick to rub off without soap or towels though and her body got
hotter and hotter.
     The worst heat was between her legs, from her cunt in fact and
she wondered why that would be. Her cunt was hot and itchy and felt
terribly uncomfortable. She kept squeezing it and even slapped at
herself a few times. It eased the irritating pressure momentarily.
     She tried to push past the two men but they again forced her
back into the room. She cursed at them, then stomped around the
room, glaring at the figures carved there. She had to get out of
here, she thought. She kicked at one of the walls, then yelped in
pain, holding her foot.
     Movement behind her alerted her and she turned to find two men
coming towards her. They too wore loin clothes, but also elaborate
masks and capes. Their masks covered their heads and were carved
from wood into the shape of strange and ugly mythological
creatures.
     Both men were tall and well muscled. They seized her upper
arms and led her out of the room. She didn't fight them, glad to
get out of there at last. 
     She blinked in the strong sunlight and automatically tried to
raise her hand to her eyes to block it. The men held her arms
firmly, leading her across the top of the pyramid towards the far
edge. She could hear noises from below and looked around to see
that the villagers were surrounding the pyramid, gazing up
expectantly.
     The two men led her to the side and held her there as the
villagers cheered. Stacie hardly cared anymore about her nudity.
Instead it was the heat that was getting to her. The strong bright
sun made her body heat up even hotter and faster, and she felt
herself getting weak.
     The two men led her over to the second side and held her arms
up above her head to either side. Again the people cheered. She was
led across to the third side, her head now throbbing with heat and
her body burning. The two held her arms up and the crowd cheered.
     They brought her to the fourth side and held her arms up. Now
only their strong grip on each arm kept her from collapsing. The
people cheered and they half carried her back to the middle of the
pyramid.
     There were four upright stone posts there, each about waist
high. They pushed her down onto her back, spreading her arms and
legs until she was spreadeagled between the posts. Thick vines were
tied around her wrists and ankles, binding them firmly.
     Then the vines were fastened to the tops of the posts. Four
men, all wearing the strange and fearsome masks stepped forward.
They each seized one of the vines and pulled, lifting Stacie off
the ground, pulling her wrists and hands upward to the tops of the
posts. 
     She groaned in pain as the vines dug into her flesh. Her body
was held in mid-air, arms and legs spread wide as the men tied her
firmly between the posts. The vines were so tight that her body
didn't bend at all, her body was absolutely flat as it was
stretched tightly between the four posts.
     Only her head hung back, hung down. She was looking at the
world upside down and she became even more bleary and confused. She
tried to pull her head up but it seemed to weigh a ton. She finally
managed to lift her head back up and look down the length of her
body.
     One of the men there, the men in the masks, had dropped his
loincloth. His penis was huge and thick and hard. He chanted in a
high, loud voice as he moved himself against her open crotch.
Stacie moaned in pain, her body throbbing and overheating.
     Then the man  moved his cock against her pussy entrance. He
didn't hold onto it but merely directed it with his hips. His hands
were up in the air as he chanted loudly. His cockhead,
uncircumcised of course, probed at her entrance.
     Her cunt was spread wide and coated with oil. His dick pushed
several times, then caught at her tunnel entrance and he slowly
pushed forward, driving his cock deep into her overheated cunt box
as the crowd watched solemnly.



                       Part Four

     Stacie's cry of shocked pleasure echoed through the village
and could be heard by all the assembled natives below. At once they
let up a great roar.
     The terrible pressure on her wrists and ankles, the popping of
her tautly stretched spine, the overheated throbbing exhaustion of
her oil coated body, were all forgotten as Stacie's entire universe
narrowed to the fiery hot furnace between her legs.
     She screamed as the man buried his cock within her, screamed
again as he slowly withdrew. Every movement inside her cunt sent an
agony of pleasure screaming through her body. The nerve endings in
her crotch were raw and exposed, somehow heightened and magnified
a thousand fold.
     As the man slowly began to work his big cock back and forth
within her belly, Stacie went mad with pleasure. She came at once,
her body franticly jerking against her bonds as she sought to
engulf him, sought to draw him in deeper and deeper. 
     The man's cock slid back and forth inside her, sending boiling
sexual energy ripping through her belly. His hands slid down onto
her breasts, squeezing them like boiling sacks of water, mashing
and twisting and kneading the soft, oily, glistening flesh.
     His breathing was hoarse beneath his mask as he pounded his
cock into her hot, silky cunt-tube. His hands roved across her
flanks, easily sliding through the thick layer of oil coating her
body. He gripped her shoulders, then climbed up onto her body.
     His weight came down hard on her wrists and ankles, making the
vines cut even deeper than they already were. He lay down
completely atop her, his cock locked within the tight confines of
her bubbling oily cunt box. Then he began to smoothly stroke down
into her again.
     His body rubbed up and down against her hot flesh as his cock
pumped inside her guts. He kissed her, his mouth covering hers and
locking tightly. His hands squeezed her breasts and cupped her
buttocks as he fucked his cock into the deepest recesses of her
fuck-hole.
     She gasped and groaned and moaned in pleasure, her body
throbbing and burning and shaking with greater and greater sexual
fever. Her attention locked tightly on the cock pistoning within
her belly. She felt every ridge, every vein, every bump on his
massive organ as it moved inside her.
     She screamed again, another orgasm tearing through her body.
He bit deep into the side of her throat, jamming his fuck-tool deep
into the pit of her pussy sheath and spraying his seeds down into
her body. He hissed into her ear, some kind of curse.
     Then he grunted and slowly climbed off her. He stood up before
the crowd, displaying his flaccid cock. They cheered, then cheered
again as another man in another mask walked forward. This man
showed his hard erection, then walked towards Stacie and drove it
deep into her with a single thrust. 
     She gave a long quivering groan of pleasure and then began to
jerk spastically against her bonds. Her cunt squeezed and sucked at
his prong as it slid back and forth inside her. He stood there
without moving his hands or head, methodically humping his crotch
into her, driving his penis up and down the long length of her cunt
tube.
     She came and came again, came for him, then came for the next
man, and the next and the next and the next. Her orgasms grew
greater and more powerful, lasted longer and left her weaker and
hotter in their wake. The times between her orgasms shortened until
it seemed that her orgasm never stopped, becoming a long, tortuous
grinding of tormented agonized nerve endings sizzling, snapping and
burning.
     Her guts heaved and twisted, her belly boiling and roiling and
turning over. Her breath locked within her as the orgasm mounted in
size and power. Her body shuddered and trembled as though she were
hooked up to a live electric wire. 
     Only the firm bonds around her limbs kept her from convulsing
and writhing in madness as her body screamed through ecstatic
releases of orgasmic force. Her head bounced up and down and shook
and thrashed and whipped from side to side. She screamed and howled
and wailed in delight, pleasure and bliss, her body exploding again
and again, climbing to higher and higher levels of climactic
release.
     The feel of the cocks churning inside her was like nothing she
had ever felt before in her life. Never had anything felt like that
against her flesh, especially against her hypersensitive cunt
flesh. It felt wondrous and impossible, and enthralling.
     She screamed again and again, her vocal cords stretching as
she came continuously, came with a power and strength that was
unknown to her, incapable of being resisted and impossible to be
survived.
     The men continued to fuck the screaming girl, their big sticks
pumping slowly and solemnly back and forth inside her belly. Each
man fucked her slowly and carefully, rasping their cocks against
the burning cunt flesh encasing them. 
     Her body was overheating rapidly now, overheating to a
dangerous extent. Her skin was still unable to breath, unable to
sweat. Her orgasmic eruptions were raising her pulse, blood
pressure and body temperature with each passing second, and her
brain began to slowly boil within her skull.
     She came still, her body twitching and quivering, unable to
move much as it was held between the posts. Her gleaming body lay
scorched beneath the burning sun, her chest heaving, and her
breasts quivering and shaking.
     Her screams weakened, giving way to low groans, murmurs and
sobs of agonized pleasure. Her cunt lips were swollen and distended
around the fat cock plunging back and forth between them. The
masked man between her legs started to fuck her with greater
intensity, pounding his cock in and out of her shaking body.
     A raging ocean of orgasmic pressure boiled within her. Her
eyes were blinded by jagged bolts of light that flashed before her.
Every inch of her flesh crackled with powerful electrical
discharges. Her eyes bulged and her mouth gaped.
     Her temperature rose higher and higher, boiling her within her
own flesh. Again and again she shook with massive orgasmic
explosions, mewling and whining in delirious pleasure and agony. 
     As the man's cock pumped inside her burning cunt box, her body
began to pulse, her heart sending blood racing through her veins as
her body screamed upwards towards a final orgasmic eruption that
would drain the last of her body's energy.
     Another of the men in masks moved over her, holding high a
long fat, sharply pointed stone, carved to resemble a giant cock.
It's tip was razor sharp and pointed at her chest as he held it
above her, waiting for her final, ultimate orgasm to plunge the
sharp stone knife deep into her chest.
     She gasped and groaned and whimpered and sobbed, her body
shaking and quivering and bouncing up and down in her bonds. Her
eyes rolled back in her head and the air hissed through her teeth,
then, just as the final tremendous climax broke over her, the man
plunged the stone dildo knife down towards her chest.
     There was a powerful crack of energy and he was hurled
backwards, the dildo knife falling from his lifeless hands as his
head exploded and he was flung over the edge of the temple,
tumbling and rolling down the stairs to the base.
     The crowd stilled in shocked silence, watching the man falling
down the stairs, unable to comprehend what had happened. There was
another loud crack of noise and the man fucking Stacie's madly
quivering body was also flung backwards, falling downwards to his
death.
     The villagers panicked at this obvious sign of their God's
disapproval, they shrieked and wailed in terror, running off in all
directions, hurrying away from the scene before the God's
displeasure was vented on them. In less than a minute the square
and temple were deserted.
     Another minute passed, then a figure appeared from behind a
bush and raced up the stairs. At the top, Jack pulled the strap of
his high powered rifle across his shoulders and then reached out
and cut the bonds holding the still quivering moaning girl to the
posts.
     He freed her, then hauled her across his shoulder and began to
trot back down the stairs with her. He was panting as he hurried
through the village and down towards the cave entrance at the far
side. He had no idea where the villagers were at the moment and
didn't want to. He fervently hoped that they were too far away to
see him, though.
     He managed to reach the cave, gasping for breath with the
girl's weight on his shoulder. There was still no signs of pursuit.
The villagers were still hiding from whatever it was they thought
had killed their two priests. 
     He hurried into the caves, slowing down so he could follow the
chalk arrows he'd left behind. Getting lost in here was not part of
his game plan. It had taken him long enough to get here without
spending even more time circling and wandering on his way back.
     The girl bounced on his shoulder, moaning now and then. She
hadn't said a word since he'd freed her and he began to wonder if
maybe she hadn't simply lost it completely back there. He didn't
have time to check just then.
     Minutes later there was the sound of bare feet slapping on
stone behind them. Many feet from the sound. He cursed and moved
faster, trying to unsling his rifle and then giving it up as
impossible with the girl on top of it. Instead, he pulled his
forty-five out of it's holster and held it carefully as he loped
down the cave.
     The sounds of pursuit became louder and closer and shadowy
movement appeared behind him. The natives caught sight of him and
shrieked in rage, racing to catch him. He turned and pointed the
forty-five, then squeezed the trigger. The face of the nearest
native disappeared as the loud bang of the exploding bullet echoed
in the tunnel.
     The screams behind him signalled their terror as they stopped
their pursuit and fell back. He sighed in relief, knowing he
wouldn't be able to run much further with the girl across his
shoulder. He grinned up at her ass and patted it as he eased back
to a walk.
     He relaxed too soon. Ten minutes later the natives came
boiling up behind them. He started to run again, turning to blow
off the head of another villager. Again their were screams of fear,
but the natives kept running. He shot another, then another. Each
shot echoed loudly in the tunnels but didn't stop his pursuers.
     He couldn't tell how many there were but it sounded like half
the village, and they were gaining on him. He turned a corner,
realizing as he did that he was now completely lost. He knew the
cave behind the waterfall was around here somewhere, but had not
time to search.
     Then he heard rushing water. He turned right and raced towards
it, pursued by the howling mob of natives. He rushed into a dead
end cavern then, only to find no way out. There was a deep
underground river passing through the middle of the cavern, but he
had no idea where it led.
     The native rushed into the cavern and the held his breath and
jumped into the river, diving downwards. The river carried the two
of them along, under the wall of the cavern and down along the
narrow, rounded tunnel. He held a hand over Stacie's mouth and nose
and held his own breath, praying they'd come out into another
cavern before they both drowned.
     Suddenly, bright light flared in his face and he was falling
through the air. He barely had time to brace himself before he and
Stacie crashed into a deep pool of water. He dragged her up and
swam out away from the falling water. 
     As soon as he looked around he realized that they were in the
damned lake where they'd started. He'd managed to find the
underground river that ended in the waterfall here. He swam ashore,
keeping his eyes on the waterfall, but none of the little indians
came tumbling through. They probably didn't know how to swim.
     He carried the naked girl ashore and then let her down as he
gasped for breath and collapsed exhaustedly beside her. He rested
for longer than he thought was smart, but he needed to catch his
breath if he was going to cart her home.
     Stacie stirred somewhat and mumbled, but didn't waken near
enough to walk. He hauled her across his shoulder again and slowly
set out for camp, cursing her and the natives both, as well as her
father and his own damned luck and stupidity in getting signed on
with this stupid expedition of hers.
     It took him an hour to get her back to camp. Once there, he
dropped her on her folding cot inside her tent, then fetched some
soap and rags and began to clean the sticky oily stuff off her
body. She moaned a lot, and he couldn't help noticing her swollen
titties and hard, pointed nipples.
     If he'd been a man of only slightly less ethics, he would have
plugged her right there while she slept. As it was he hurriedly
finished cleaning her, through on a light sheet and left her alone
there, where she slept for hours.

     Stacie woke in darkness. Her body still felt hot, especially
between the legs. She groaned as she opened her eyes and looked
blearily around. Her hand slid down her body, noting the absence of
the oozing oil, then down between her legs.
     It felt itchy still there, not as bad as before but still very
hot and uncomfortable. She wanted to pee, or scratch, or fuck. She
began rubbing at her cunt, moaning softly. A light flared nearby
and she stopped. One of the labourers came over to her, holding a
lantern high.
     "Ju wake lady?" he asked, his dull eyes questioning.   "Senor
Blackthorne, he tell me, keep watch for you."
     "Water." she croaked.
     "Ju wanna water? Sure. No problem, lady." He moved away
momentarily, then returned with a canteen, which he held to her
lips. She swallowed large gulps of cool liquid, groaning in
happiness as the water slid down her parched through and into her
belly.
     "Ahhh, ju best cover dees, Lady." he said, embarrassed. In her
eagerness to get her hands on the canteen she'd dislodged the sheet
from her chest, revealing her shining round orbs. He tugged it back
up under her arms, his skin flushing slightly.
     She pulled her lips away from the canteen, looking down at her
chest, then up at him as he bent forward above her.
     "Fuck me." she groaned.
     "Huh?"
     "Fuck my cuuuuuuuuunt!" she groaned, throwing off the sheet
and spreading her legs wide. The man gaped as she squeezed her tits
and rubbed at her crotch.
     "I teenk you no well, lady." the man said, his voice
quivering.
     "Fuck meeeeee!" she whined, reaching up for his crotch and
squeezing her fingers around his rapidly hardening cock.
     "Lady!" he moaned. "I don' teenk' Senor Blackthorne weel like
dees!"
     "I need your coooock!" she moaned, pulling her legs wide. She
practically tore open his loose pants and pulled his hard erection
out into the light. She sighed with pleasure as she looked up at
it. Then she pulled it downwards towards her crotch.
     The man eagerly followed, dropping to his knees between her
legs, then falling forward onto her body as she pulled his prong
against her cunt and shoved it in.
Both of them groaned with pleasure as his organ slid into her.
     "OHhhhhh Yeeeessssss!" Stacie gasped, shoving her cunt up
against it, impaling herself on his hard prong. The terrible itch
in her loins began to subside as the man started to fuck
desperately. His prick rasped in and out of her hole, twisting and
banging away inside her, slamming at the walls of her pussy as he
lurched from side to side and grunted in delight.
     His head jammed down between her wobbling breasts and he
licked and kissed her chest. Then his mouth moved over her breasts,
sucking hard at her nipples as his rough hands fondled and squeezed
her excited mammaries. His hard body covered hers and rasped up and
down against her soft white flesh as he energetically stuffed his
long fat cock into her hot wet fuck tube.
     "OOhh! OOhh! Fuuuuuuuuck! FUuuuuuuck!" she groaned, humping
back up at him, jamming her cunt up against his belly as she felt
his cock sliding back and forth inside her. Her cunt sizzled and
burned with passion as her cum poured down around his pistoning
tool.
     Her skin seemed to shimmer with electricity as she grunted and
rutted up at him. Her fleecy pink cunt box sucked ferociously on
his pumping fuckwand, threatening to tear it off at the root. He
gasped and groaned, thrusting wildly into her, his cock burning
from her terrible heat.
     He sucked her left nipple into his mouth and bit hard, making
her moan with pain. He sucked fiercely, his hands constantly
mashing and twisting her two large fat melons as he humped his ass
up and down between her spread legs.
     She was too much for him, her cunt too hot and spastic. He
grunted and arched his back, jamming his tool deep into her box as
his cum spewed into her. She whimpered and bucked up against him,
her legs sliding around him and drawing him into her as her cunt
absorbed his spitting seed.
     Still she needed more, her cunt too raw and greedy to be
satisfied. It took possession of her dazed mind, it's passion
demanding more and more sexual fulfilment. 
     The delirious girl refused to let go of him, and he had to
forcibly remove her arms and legs to pull himself away.
     "Noooo!" she moaned. "Fuck me!" Fuck meeeee!" She began to rub
furiously at her gaping cunt opening, rasping her fingers across
her clitty as she mewled and groaned with carnal desire.
     He stared at her in shock, swallowing nervously and looking
around. He tried to put the sheet back over her but she simply
threw it off. He jumped out of the entrance and looked around, then
waved furiously at a pair of his friends sitting by the fire.
     They came over and he pulled them into the tent, where their
eyes bulged at the sight of the woman on the bed desperately
masturbating.
     "Fuck me!" she gasped, staring desperately at them.    "Fuck
my cunt hole!" 
     They hurried over, the bolder man, a tall, middle aged man
named Julio, quickly dropped his pants and climbed at atop her. She
whimpered in anticipation, then let out a long groan of
satisfaction as his hard erection slid into her cunt.
     He was hardly the subtle kind. His hands gripped her soft
buttocks and jerked her up against him as he repeatedly drove his
cock into her hole. He kissed her roughly, his tongue sliding over
her face and throat, then down across her rounded tit meat.
     Her cunt was incredibly tight as it squeezed his rod. He
ploughed energetically into her, using the cot to bounce himself up
and down on top of her. His hips smashed down into her thighs
repeatedly as his boner slid up and down in her sopping cunt hole.
     The other man moved to the head of the cot and tore her pillow
out from under her head, tossing it on the floor. He grabbed her by
the head, sliding her further up the cot until her head came over
the edge and fell backwards.
     Then his own erection was at her lips. She ignored it,
seemingly not even seeing it at first. Then she opened her lips and
he pushed it inside. She sucked automatically, mumbling around the
width of it as the man fucked his cock down into her oral cavity.
     The other man continued to rut down into her, grunting with
each downward stroke. Her insides sucked and squeezed his cock like
a fist, though with incredibly soft, pulpy, silken cunt walls
providing their own heat and delightful sensations of pleasure.
     He cursed her in Spanish, rodding his prick into her with
increasing force as his cum approached. His hands twisted her
titties savagely, pulling and mashing the soft breast meat as he
chewed and sucked on her flesh.
     Stacie was not nearly as confused and dazed as she had been at
the temple. And in a far of corner of her mind, she howled and
raged in fury and despair over her own actions. But she could not
help herself. The terrible need in her cunt had to be met. The
awful, desperate desire for heat and hardness must be fulfilled.
She had to be satisfied. Nothing else mattered.
     Her hands grabbed the man's ass and hauled him tighter against
her groin as she sucked furiously on the cock between her lips. The
man there fucked into her harder and harder, and she made no effort
to resist as his cockhead popped into her throat and he began to
fuck it's long length up and down her throat tube.
     She had become a carnal animal, a crazed lust filled
nymphomaniac that had to have cock. Unlike at the temple, her
orgasm was not quick in coming. She had yet to have one. Instead
there was only the desperate desire for satisfaction that didn't
seem to be met no matter what was done her.
     She ground herself up against him furiously, grinding her
clitty against his cock as it pistoned back and forth inside her.
She took the long length of the other man's cock down her throat
tube, her tongue and lips working energetically on it as it slid
past them.
     Her cum approached agonizingly slowly. Her body sparkled as if
with static electricity. Her hair spread out around her and her
body tingled. She groaned and whined and grunted and whimpered, and
still her orgasm eluded her.
     Then the man fucking her groaned and began to pound his cock
with even more speed and force. Stacie's chest heaved as she locked
her cunt muscles around his rod, and sucked the cum right out of
his balls. She felt it gurgling down inside her, being sucked down
into her womb.
     The man sighed and pulled his cock out. Stacie threw her legs
back against her chest, pulling her own ankles up by her ears as if
in invitation. The man fucking her face, jerked his cock out of her
mouth and pulled down on her ankles, raising her ass upwards into
the air.
     He knelt above her, his knees pressing against the side of her
shoulders as his hands gripped her rounded ass and hauled her up
higher. He slid his cock into her cunt and began to bounce her up
and down as he giggled and gasped and groaned in pleasure.
     His cock slid back and forth inside her fuck-hole with harsh,
uneven jerks and stabs. He crushed her body beneath his, half
sitting on her thighs, squashing her in two as he rutted into her.
Stacie looked up at his balls swinging back and forth, and watched
his long shaft pumping in and out of her glistening cunt opening.
     Still she could not cum. She whimpered with need, unable to
hump upwards in her awkward position. The man jammed his prong into
her and sighed with relief as his balls drained. She felt his sperm
jetting down into her tunnel and seeping into her guts and moaned
anxiously.
     He pulled out and her body fell apart, her ass and legs
falling back to the bed. She rubbed at her pussy and looked
despairing at the backs of the three men as they hurried away. She
crawled out of bed, her body weak but throbbing with desire.
     SHe kept one hand in her cunt, rubbing furiously as she
staggered out of the tent and out into the deserted camp. She
wobbled and swayed from side to side as she made her way over to
the next tent and pushed inside.
     The sound of snoring came to her in the darkness. She moved
towards the sound and her feet encountered the sleeping body of one
of the labourers. He grunted and came awake quickly as she fell
across him. He shouted in surprise and shock, then gasped as he
felt her naked body pressing against him, her large, rounded
titties pushing into his face.
     A light flared and the other two men in the little tent stared
in astonishment at the sight of Stacie mashing her breasts against
the man's face while she grabbed at his cock and tried to insert it
into her crotch hole.
     The cock hardened quickly and she sighed as she slid it into
her box and sank down onto it. She humped up and down madly, her
ass bouncing and churning as she repeatedly impaled herself on his
organ. His hands fondled and squeezed her hanging breasts as she
mewled and whined.
     The other two crawled over and stared in shock. Stacie's eyes
bulged and she grabbed one of them, her hand closing around his
erection. 
     "Fuck meee! Fuck meeee!" she moaned. "Fuck my asshole!"
Stacie had never been ass fucked before, but had heard of it,
dismissing it as disgusting and degrading. Now her body needed cock
and she wanted it any way she could get it.
     The man climbed behind her, pushing down on her back as he
took his knobby cockhead and pushed it against the round little
hole next to the pumping staff of his tentmate. There was only a
tiny distance between the girl's two holes, and it stretched tautly
as he slowly worked his erection into her anus.
     She groaned and yelped, whining and growling furiously as his
cock drove forward into her rectum. She humped down and back,
taking both cocks deep into her guts as her body shimmered and
twitched and shook with need. She felt the two cocks working back
and forth inside her guts with thrilled delight.
     She was stuffed with cock, packed with cock, then a hand
grabbed her head, twisting it up and to the side and she saw
another cock before her lips. She opened them with a glad cry and
took the third man's organ into her mouth.   
     She sucked and bobbed her face as the man pumped. Now she had
three cocks inside her body. She grunted around the one in her
mouth even as she rutted back and down against the two cocks
rutting against her crotch. Six hands moved over her body,
squeezing, fondling, pinching, rubbing and twisting. 
     Three cocks pumped inside her as she jerked and humped back,
her eyes wide and crazed as she began to approach her orgasm. She
tore herself back and forth, ignoring the restraining squeezes and
grips of the six hands as they roamed her body.
     Then it came. Her eyes bulged and her body stiffened into
stone for a brief instant. Then she was racked by convulsions, her
body shaking and shuddering madly as she was overcome by a towering
wall of orgasmic energy that seared through her frame.
     To the men fucking her it seemed as though the woman went mad,
flinging her body from side to side, making strange delirious
noises, writhing and thrashing her limbs and head. Still, the kept
fucking her, their cocks pounding into her convulsing body.
     One by one they dropped their loads inside her, spitting their
seed into her throat, her cunt and her asshole. Stacie's
contortions slowly eased and her moaning and cries stopped. She
sank nearly lifeless onto the body of the man beneath her, spent.
     The three men whispered anxiously, then two of them carried
her back outside and over to her own tent, dropping her in her cot
and then hurrying back to their own tent.
     Stacie hardly moved. She was gripped by a powerful sense of
relaxation and satisfaction. Her body's cravings had finally been
fulfilled and she was able to rest. Within her pussy, the oily
substance coating her pink flesh began to heat up once more. For
the more sperm it came in contact with, the more it grew in
strength, seeping into her nerves, her flesh, her organs. She slept
on, as her body became more and more a thing of carnal lust.



                      Part Five

     She slept for hours, finally waking near dawn. She felt the
tingling between her legs and remembered the events of yesterday
and last night with a sudden shock. Her mouth opened in
astonishment and horror as it all came back to her.
     Yesterday was bad enough, but last night had all been her own
doing! What had caused her to behave like that. Then she realized
the strength of the tingling and heat between her legs and realized
that she was, even then, without knowing it, rubbing her cunt
harshly.
     That stuff, she thought. It must have been that stuff they had
poured into her cunt. It was the cause of the desperate heat and
itch within her loins. She rubbed harder, even as she realized
this, and tried to think of what to do.
     She had nothing that she could really use to clean the stuff
out of her. She slid her finger deep into her box and slid it back
out coated with the strange, oily substance. She looked at it
carefully, trying to analyze it like a scientist, even as she
rubbed her other hand against her cunt.
     It seemed, if she remembered properly, weaker than before,
though it was hard to tell for sure. What she really needed... was
a good hard fucking. Her eyes widened as she completed the
sentence. No! She didn't... she didn't... but she did. 
     The need for cock meat began to overcome her desire to fight
against the chemical reaction she knew the stuff must be bringing
to her body. She felt how hard and swollen her breasts were, how
sharp and stone-like her nipples were. 
     Her cunt oozed and pulsed with heat as she began to finger
fuck herself with two plunging fingers. She squeezed her titties
and rubbed at her clit as she writhed back and forth on the cot.
She felt her body grow hotter and hotter, then exploded with a
desperate release of heat and passion.
     Her cunt spat out cum juice like a volcano shooting forth it's
fire and her mind was frazzled by repeated hammer blows of
orgiastic delight. She stuffed three fingers deep into her crotch
hole as she bent into a fetal position and rocked from side to
side.
     Finally she stopped, groaning and gasping for breath. Her mind
began to free itself of the desperate craving she'd felt and she
tried once again to analyze things scientifically. She need to wash
out her cunt, she thought. She had to do that and fast.
     She jumped out of bed and went over to the canteen of water
sitting on a table. She picked out a rag and soaked it. She rubbed
it with soap and then stuffed it into her cunt, trying to wash her
box out. Instead of easing the heat between her legs, it merely
added to it.
     She felt her desires ignite once again and began to fuck
herself with the rag in a way that was not just for cleaning. She
tore it out and masturbated furiously, slumping back on the low
camp stool and pumping three fingers into her hole as she grunted
and moaned with pleasure.
     She felt her juices rise, then threw back her head and grit
her teeth to stop from screaming as an orgasm flashed through her,
setting her to swaying and shuddering in place as her cunt erupted
with titanic bolts of sexual ecstasy.
     She fell back off the camp chair and lay there exhaustedly,
her legs spread wide. She whimpered and moaned, waiting for the
sensations to come to her again, but they didn't and she began to
think that perhaps the soap had done the trick.
     She lay there for long minutes but felt no arousal. Slowly she
sat up and then stood on shaky feet. She moved over to the bag that
held her clothes and began pulling them out. Still there was no
renewal of the desperate excitement.
     Her cunt was still soaking with cum and soap and water so she
took a dry towel and rubbed herself dry. She stopped in shock as
her cunt blazed with heat again. She took the towel away and stood
there swaying, her legs apart as she tried to deny the burning
between her legs.
     But she couldn't. She moaned and dropped to her knees, her
hands jamming against her crotch as she bent low and began to hump
against her plunging fingers. She mewled with glorious desire as
she came and came, her orgasm washing over her and beating her into
the ground.
     She recovered finally and stood up again. Experimentally, she
touched her count lightly. She rubbed her finger very slightly
against her clit and felt the arousal begin again. She pulled her
hand away and stood there unmoving as the heat slowly subsided.
     Obviously the stuff, whatever it was, had tremendously
sensitized her cunt, making even the slightest touch one of passion
and carnal desire. If she could keep from touching herself, then
perhaps the stuff would wear off.
     She pulled on a loose skirt, with no panties beneath it, then
put on a shirt and sweater and walked out of the tent.
     "Morning." Jack said.
     "Good morning." She replied, surprised at the evenness in her
voice. 
     "Feeling better?"
     "Yes, thank you." she said, coldly. Then she softened her
voice, remembering that he had, after all, saved her from death.
     "I'm sorry." She said. "As you can guess, I'm not feeling all
that friendly right now."
Several of the labourers snickered and Jack looked towards them in
surprise.
     "I'd like to get an early start." She said.
     "Fine with me. You sure you want to keep on? Things haven't
been working out all that well. This expedition might be jinxed."
     "I don't believe in jinxes." she said, flatly. "We'll go on."
     "Okay, sis. It's your game."
     "Have you any idea who those native wee?"
     "Nope. There ain't supposed to be any tribes around here, but
then from what I can tell from the maps, their village is on the
other side of the mountains there and nobody much goes there."
     "Nor shall we. How long till we can load and leave?"
     "Half an hour."
     "I need something to eat first. I'm famished." Indeed, her
strenuous energetics had starved her of energy. Jack watched in
astonishment as she wolfed down a half dozen eggs and a half pound
of bacon, all while standing and looking out into the bush
surrounding them.
     "Ready to go." He said, half an hour later.
     "Good."
     She very carefully got into the passenger seat beside him and
grit her teeth grimly. The jeep started forward, the others
following. Soon she was bouncing up and down on the seat, her cunt
slapping down with great force as they moved through the brush.
     Her body was covered with sweat as she tried desperately to
fight off the heat that was soon blazing in her gut. She squeezed
her thighs together around her fiery cunt and tried to ignore the
desires wafting through her.
     Jack kept turning and looking at her, wondering at her silence
and strange facial expressions. She ignored him, ignored everything
in fact. She tried to resist the impulses that kept stabbing into
her, the desires to jam her hands between her legs and jerk off, to
jump on Jack and impale herself on the hard cock she knew she could
rouse.
     "Whatever they used on your hair has sure made a difference."
He said, looking for something to talk about.
     "What... what do you mean?" she gasped, fighting to keep her
voice steady.
     "Well, it's blonde again."
     "What?"
     "Your hair. You dyed it brown didn't you? It's blonde again,
or at least, kind of bleached blonde."
     "I didn't notice." She panted, looking at the strands of
whitish blonde hair hanging around her cheeks. It wasn't her normal
golden color but it was definitely not the brown it was. That must
have been some harsh soap they'd used. She couldn't concentrate on
it though as the heat in her cunt gave a sudden upward flare just
then.
     She started to bounce up and down on the seat harder than the
bucking jeep could cause. Her hands had drifted her lap, clasped
modestly, but her knuckles pressed harder and harder into her
crotch. She held out as long as she could, then with a cry of
frustration, she tore her skirt up, spread her legs and began to
furiously finger fuck her pussy.
     Jack stared in shocked amazement as she threw back her head
and ground herself down on her fingers, jamming the digits deep
into her pussy as she mewled and moaned and grunted desperately. He
almost ran into a big tree as he watched her glistening fingers
move in and out of her crotch hole.
     "OH! OH! OH! OH! OH! OH! OH!" she groaned, humping down
against her hands, slumping down in the seat as she jammed her
knuckles against her clitty and mashed it furiously. She came,
rutting up and down, humping her crotch against her hands as she
grunted through the orgasmic winds of pleasure.
     Then she slumped down, staring ahead as she caught her breath.
     "That was really something." Jack said, finally.
     "Shut up."
     "You aren't going to explain why you just did that?"
She groaned and turned away, then finally turned back to him.
     "They put something inside me, some kind of oily stuff. I
think that's what's causing it. Any time I touch my... my pelvic
region, it cause a tremendous amount of... of... well, of sexual
desire.
     "Uh uh." he said, dubiously.
     "It reaches an irresistible level and has to be quenched. I
can't help myself."
     "Bet you could get a fortune for the formula." he observed.
     "OH shut up you stupid pig of a m an! Don't you realize how
awful this is to me?"
     "Sort of. It's kind of hard to empathize though."
     "Since you're always in heat, I'm sure you're right." She
snarled.
     "Least I never pulled out my dick in public."
     "I told you that's not me! That's this stupid stuff!"
     "Well get rid of it."
     "I can't! I mean, i think it's a chemical reaction. It should
hopefully wear off soon."
     "It better. I'd hate to see you do that in the lobby of the
Hilton."
     "Just shut up and drive." She snarled.
     Twice more in the next two hours she was overcome with sexual
desire and had to whip her skirt up and jerk off as the jeep
bounced along.
     "I can't stand this." she groaned, after the third time.
     "We have to get onto a road."
     "There ain't no roads headed where we're going."
     "I don't care. Get us onto a road. Find a hospital or clinic
or something. Maybe alcohol or some kind of sterile fluid will wash
this stuff out of me."
     "I dunno. I kind of like you like this. It breaks up the
monotony of the driving."
     "Find a fucking hospital!" she screamed into his ear.
     "Okay. Okay. Jeeese!"
     There happened to be a road nearby. He hadn't used it because
it ran east west, while they were going north. He turned and headed
towards it, and minutes later they were humming along with
comparative smoothness. 
     They reached a village ten minutes later and he got out and
asked about a hospital or doctor. They didn't have either, but
there was a clinic run by a missionary group twenty miles ahead. He
thanked them and got back into the jeep.
     "Well?"
     "Twenty miles ahead there's a clinic."
     "Thank God." 
     They drove down the dusty, but fairly level road and reached
the clinic in forty five minutes. Jack and Stacie jumped out of the
car and hurried inside, only to find it deserted. Stacie looked
around in surprise.
     "Were the fuck is everyone?"
     "Dunno, babe."
     "Well, I don't need them. They've left their supplies here."
She began to sort through the supplies, pulling out bottles to
inspect them. 
     "This might work." she muttered, putting aside a bottle of
pure alcohol. She searched for something further as Jack wandered
back outside, searching for the doctors, or missionaries, or
whoever it was that ran the place.
     He looked up the road and saw a cloud of dust that seemed to
be getting bigger. 
     "Uh Oh." He said. He turned and raced back to the jeeps,
yelling to the men. 
"Get the fuck out of here!" he cried. Drive to the next camp on the
map and hurry!"
     The jeeps backed up and then turned off into the brush beside
the road as he ran back towards the clinic. The dust clouds had
grown larger still and he could make out the vehicles moving in
front of them. They were close and getting closer by the second. 
     He dove behind some bushes, cursing furiously as he realized
he wouldn't be able to make it back to the clinic without getting
caught. All he could do was hope for the best at this point. He dug
his way into the center of the bushes and tried to see what was
going on as half a dozen jeeps and trucks pulled up in front of the
clinic and dozens of soldiers jumped out.

     Stacie was just about ready to try the alcohol when there was
the sound of car doors slamming outside the little building. She
turned in surprise as several large men dressed in uniforms stormed
into the building.
They were all armed with rifles and they all pointed them at her.
     She squeaked in surprise, backing into a corner as the men
glared around them and began to move forward. They poked the
barrels of their rifles into corners and cupboards and under
tables, looking for other people. Then an older man, one wearing a
peaked hat instead of a helmet, moved in.
     He looked around with a bored expression on his face, an
expression that quickly became more interested when he saw her. He
smiled then and moved towards her, speaking in Spanish. She didn't
catch much of what he said, other than he wanted to know who she
was.
     "I am Doctor Stacie O'Connor." she said. His eyes seemed to
narrow when she said that and he smirked as he moved uncomfortably
close. 
     "Doctory?" he said. He smirked again, then asked something in
high speed spanish.
     "Where are dhe other doctors?"
She wasn't sure she understood. 
     "I don't speak spanish very well." she said in halting
spanish.
     "Jhou help rebels?"
     "Pardon me?"
     "Where are dhe other doctors? Where are dhe rebels that jhou
are helping here?"
     "I don't understand." she sighed.
     "So jhou don't understand, eh?" He said in english.
     "Not very well. My spanish is not the best."
     "Where are dhe other doctors here?"
     "I don't know."
     "Jhou don't know? Jhou expect me to believe that?" He snarled.
     "Well how should I know. OH! You think that I work here? No.
No. I don't work here. I'm not a medical doc..." he slapped her
face hard, knocking her off her feet. She stared up at him from the
floor as he scowled in anger.
     "Someone warned jhou we were coming, didn't they? I want to
know who eet was and where dhe rest of jhou communist scum are!"
     "I don't know! I don't work here!"
     "Jhou theenk I jam a fool?" he shouted. He shouted in spanish
and two of the soldiers grabbed her and pulled her to her feet,
pinning her between them as the officer glared at her.
     "Tell me where they are!"
     "But I told you I don't know! I don't work here! I'm not a
medical doctor at all! I'm a...." He slapped her again, then
backhanded her across the other side of her face, then slapped her
the other way, then backhanded her. He did this at least ten times.
Blood dribbled down from her nose and her cut lips as she shook her
head and moaned, looking at him dazedly.
     "Jhou think jhou can do what jhou want in my country?" he
demanded, slapping her again. 
     "I want to know where dhe guerrillas are that jhou have been
treating and where dhe other doctors are!"
     "Don't... know." she moaned. He balled his fingers into a fist
and drove it into her belly, doubling her over. The soldiers pulled
her erect and the officer slapped her face again.
     "Jhou weell tell me what I want to know, jhou American slut!"
he snarled. He yelled to the others and most of the soldiers left
the building. He gestured to the ones holding her and they pulled
her over beneath a crossbeam where another soldier was unfolding a
rope.
     He threw the end up over the crossbeam and it fell down where
he could grab it and pull. The soldiers pulled Stacie's hands
around in front of her and then the third man tied the end of the
rope around them, winding it tightly.
     Then he pulled on the other end of the rope and Stacie's
wrists were pulled up and high above her head, almost pulling her
from her feet as the man tied it off against a bar on one of the
broken windows. The three soldiers stood back as the officer came
up to her then and looked down into her face.
     "Jhou weell tell me where dhe othar doctors are or I weell
keell jhou slowly."
     "I don't knooooow!" she wailed. He lammed his fist into her
belly again and she gasped in pain, coughing and hacking as the
wind was knocked out of her. 
     The officer laughed nastily, then his hands seized her blouse
in the front and ripped it open. He gazed down at her lush figure
and smiled even more. He slid his fingers along the side of her
left bra cup, dipping his fingertips inside the bra and sliding
them over her breast meat.
     Then he gripped the bra and ripped it open as well. Her full
breasts tumbled free and his hands cupped them, squeezing lightly. 
     "Very nice." he murmured. "It would be such a pity to despoil
sush a lovely figure. Such as jhou were meant for riding, not
beating. Are jhou sure jhou won't tell me where dhe others are?"
     "But... but, I have nothing to do with this place!" she
whined. "I don't know anything about them! I hate the guerrillas!"
     "A likely storey." he sniffed. He slid his hand down her
smooth belly and then onto her skirt, moving along her hip and then
down between her legs. He slid his hand down into her crotch and
squeezed her brutally. She gasped and shuddered, her crotch aching
from his vice-like grip.
     "Tell me!" he hissed, squeezing her harder.
     "I... I... don't..." He squeezed even harder and she cried out
in pain.
     "I jam not a fool!" he growled. He grabbed the waistband and
ripped the skirt off her, leaving her naked save for the remnants
of her shirt and bra hanging at her side and back.
     He stared down at her pussy and grinned maliciously. His right
hand slid down and cupped her box again, squeezing lightly as he
leered into her face.
     "Jhou can avoid all thees trouble jhou are een eef jhou
seemply confess and tell us where jhour colleagues are." he said,
beginning to rub his fingers up and down her cunt slit.
     Stacie groaned, but not with pain. Her cunt flared with heat,
sending searing passion up into her guts as the officer continued
to finger her crotch. He moved around behind her then, abandoning
her cunt for the moment, but the fire had already been lit and she
whimpered as she tried to quench it.
     He grabbed her shirt and tore it off her back, then ripped off
her bra so she was completely naked. He walked around and around
her, admiring her shape and profile, his eyes taking in the narrow
waist, the womanly hips and the high rounded breasts. 
     He admired the way her ribs pushed her chest out as she was
held up straight by the rope, admired the way her chest gave way to
her slim, flat belly. He admired her sweet face and the big blue
eyes that stared at him in fear.
     He moved behind her and ran his hand over her ass, caressing
the soft skin and then sliding his hand between her cheeks and down
between her thighs to cup her pussy mound again. He fingered her
slit, then pushed up with one finger, forcing it up into her cunt
tube.
     "Yes, I can theenk of many uses for a woman like Jhou besides
beating." he sighed, pulling his finger from her cunt. Stacie
trembled violently, not with fear, as he assumed, but with gut
wrenching sexual passion. Her cunt was spasming and throbbing from
his fingering and she tried desperately to fight back against it.
     Then there was a hiss and a harsh impact against her back. She
screamed in shock as pain blasted through her system. Her head
whipped around to see the officer holding the end of a belt in his
hand and smiling at her. He raised his hand high and slashed the
belt down across her back again.
     She screamed again, the belt cracking brutally hard against
her back and leaving an ugly welt behind.
     "Jhou must be truthful." He chided. He raised the belt again
and whipped it down against her buttocks, making her scream and
jump forward, or try to anyway. Her ass burned with pain as she
pawed futilely at the floor.
     "Een thees country, women are obedient." he said,
conversationally. The belt cracked down across her ass cheeks again
and she howled in pain.
     "Women know deir place heer." he said, slicing the belt across
her ass cheeks again, then again.
     "Please!" she sobbed.
     "Seemply tell me where dhey are, my dear and thees weell all
stop." The belt cracked against the small of her back, then again,
half a foot higher, then again across her shoulders. She shrieked
in agony, tears coursing down her cheeks.
     He moved around in front of her, holding the belt negligently
in his right hand. His left cupped her right breast and squeezed it
softly. 
     "Such a preetty body. So terrible to harhm eet." he sighed. He
squeezed her nipple between his fingers, rolling it in circles as
he grinned down at her. He held the belt doubled up and rubbed it
across her breasts, then down her stomach and between her legs.
     Blinding heat shot into Stacie's belly as she felt the leather
of the belt rasp against her slit. She moaned and her body jerked
spasticly as she tried to fight down the ecstasy building within
her. 
     Then the officer let go of her cunt and moved back a couple of
feet. The belt slashed through the air and cracked down on her left
breast. She screamed in agony, her breast bouncing and wobbling as
it turned red. He swung again, again slashing the belt across her
left breast, directly over the nipple.
     "Stop it!" she screamed. "PLease! Pleeeeaaassseee!"
Again the belt whipped through the air, this time lashing her right
breast. The thin leather slammed deep into the center of the
malleable meat, cutting it in two before bouncing back out and
letting the breast reform into it's normal roundness.
     He laughed and began to whip the belt down with hurried
strokes, slashing again and again at her breasts as she sobbed and
wailed and screamed in pain. In seconds, her two proud melons were
aching sacks of burning embers spreading pain through her system.
     He pulled back then, breathing heavy. He had a large bulge in
his pants a she looked at her bruised body. He yelled at the
soldiers and two moved forward. The grasped her legs, lifting them
up and aside, bending her legs up beside her body so her crotch was
displayed and spread out for the officer.
     She whimpered and shook, unable to move as the soldiers held
her legs bent back. The officer raised his hand and then brought
the belt slashing down against her cunt. 
     "AAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIGHGGHGGGHHHHH!!" she shrieked.
He slashed it down again, the doubled up leather impacting directly
against her slit. 
     "AAAARRRRGGGGGHHHHHH!" she howled, her body thrashing and
bouncing spastically as the two men fought to hold her legs apart.
     Agony screamed along her spine and through her nervous system,
yet beside it and almost as powerful, was a deep, awesome pleasure,
a frighteningly strong heat that made her entire body throb and
almost eagerly await the next blow. 
     He brought the belt down again, again on her cunt and sent
flaring heat and blossoming pain through her shuddering body. 
     "Oh God! OH GOD! OH GOD! OH GO-AAAAARRRGGHHHH!!" she screamed
as the belt slashed into her cunt mound again.
     "Stupid slut!" he snarled, watching as her head thrashed from
side to side. He drew his fingers into a ball and punched her hard
directly in the cunt. 
     Her eyes bulged and she gagged, then groaned in misery. He was
gasping for breath as he stared at her. He suddenly dropped the
belt and drew his cock out of his pants. It was harshly erect. He
pointed it at her slash as the two men holding her legs back
watched, then thrust forward, driving it deep into her belly as she
gasped with pleasure.
     He buried his prong inside her belly then began to roughly
fuck her, pumping it in and out with long, full, powerful strokes.
     "Steenking commie whoooore!" he grunted, ramming his boner
deep into her guts with each powerful thrust. His cock sawed back
and forth inside her burning hot cuntal cavern as Stacie's body
trembled and shook and boiled with lust.
     The pain in her wrists and shoulders and back and breasts
didn't matter at all. Only the wondrous pleasure in her crotch
counted now as her head jerked from side to side and her body
trembled violently in the grip of an all encompassing sexual
passion.
     His belly slammed down into her sore buttocks as the soldiers
on either side held her legs up and back. He had a clear entry to
her cunt hole as he rutted back and forward, his cock pounding in
her fuck tunnel. 
     She whimpered and shook, feeling her orgasm coming on. Her
body burned with unbearable heat, her sex drooling and bubbling
with pleasure. Then she screamed as she came, her cunt snapping and
spasming around his plunging cock as he reamed her furiously.
     His eyes widened in stunned amazement as he recognized her
gyrations for what they were and felt the heat and moistness of her
fuck box around his plunging organ. Then his eyes narrowed and his
lips drew up into a superior sneer as he twisted his cock within
her, jamming it deep into her belly.
     "Jhou like, eh? Jhou like, American slut?" He buried his prong
inside her and ground himself against her crotch. His come scalded
her as it gushed forth and bubbled up into her cunt. He grabbed her
head between his hands and mashed his lips bruisingly hard against
hers, his tongue stabbing between her parted lips.
     He bit her lips as he pounded his cock inside her fuck tunnel,
letting her sucking cunt pull the last dregs of silvery white seed
from his balls as his prong slowly softened. Then he pulled back,
his cock sliding out from between her wet cuntlips.
     The two soldiers let go of her legs and her feet dropped back
to the floor, though without the strength to hold her. She hung
there by the wrists, her jaw down on her chest and her eyes closed
tightly.
     "We are far from feeneeshed, Amherican." he breathed.


                        
                        Part Six

     She hung there almost unmoving other than for the twitches and
spasming jerks of her body. Her chest heaved and her skin glistened
with sweat as the officer moved away and went over to something
near the far wall. He came back holding something in his hands, but
she didn't raise her head to look.
     The little clinic had a generator in back to provide it with
electricity necessary for it's lights, it's x-ray machine and other
devices. The officer ripped the cord off the X-ray machine and held
the bare wires in his hand.
     He pressed the wires against Stacie's left nipple and she
screamed and shook. Her body thrashed, her legs kicking out and
throwing him back against the wall. He picked himself up, cursing
and glaring angrily at her, then stalked back and punched her in
the jaw, knocking her head back.
     He yelled in spanish and the soldiers jumped forward, pulling
her legs apart and tying ropes around her ankles. Her ankles were
locked in place and he picked up the live wires again, holding them
carefully. He had cut the end of the rubber encasing the wires and
skinned it back several inches.
     Now he held the cord carefully, just behind the bare wires and
pressed the copper up into her belly. She howled and screamed, her
voice a warbling scream as the electricity coursed through her
system, sizzling along her nerves. She shuddered and trembled
violently, her body jerking and shaking against the ropes.
     He pulled the wire away, then slid it across her skin and onto
her right breast, sending power blasting through the agonized
mammary. Her tit seemed to bounce up and down on it's own as she
shook and jerked again, her voice rising and falling in an eerie
warbling cry of agony.
     "Jhou will obey me, slut." he gasped, pulling the wire back,
then pressing it against her cuntslit. She threw her head back and
screamed in a terrible high pitched voice that made the hair rise
on the backs of their necks. 
     Her body shook even more frantically, trembling more and more
violently as he held the wire against her slit, pushing it right up
under her clitty as he burned her with's it's powerful sizzling
voltage. Her eyes bulged out of her head and she gagged and drooled
and quivered madly.
     He pulled the wire back with a short laugh, watching her body
as it continued to shake and tremble. Her hair was plastered to her
face as she hung her head forward, groaning in pain, her nervous
system still trembling from the shock. 
     He moved behind her then and pressed the wire against her
asshole. She screamed, her head shooting backwards and her groin
ramming forward. He held the wire against her little round hole as
she shuddered and howled in pain.
     "Perhaps jhou change jhour mind, jes?"
She only groaned in reply and he tsk tsked and moved around beside
her. His hand rested on the back of her neck, squeezing lightly as
he shook his head. He smiled down at her, then his hand gripped her
loose, tangled hair and he jerked her head back.
     "Tell me where they are!" he snarled. He pulled harder,
forcing her head far back and her chest outwards as she whimpered
and sobbed with pain. Then he brought the wire down against her
nipple and jammed it in, making her shriek and howl and tremble
furiously.
     "Bah." he snarled, letting her go and tossing the wire aside.
"I am going to the radio and contact headquarters." he stomped out
of the room, leaving her alone with the three soldiers. They all
stared at her, their crotches bulging from what they'd seen.
     One of them, braver than the others, moved closer to her. He
stood next to her, his eyes roving her naked frame hungrily. He
reached out his hand and tentatively cupped her breast, then with
growing confidence, he squeezed her wounded mammary, delighting in
it's softness and resilience.
     He quickly unzipped his fly and pulled out his erection,
hissing at one of the others to watch at the door. How often, he
said, did they get a chance at some yankee pussy like this.
Besides, the Captain was going to kill her anyway.
     He pushed his cock against her still moist cunt opening,
squatting slightly, then rising, pushing his cock up her tight,
rubbery cunt tube until he was buried fully inside her. He groaned
and began to squat and rise, sliding his cock up and down her fuck
chute.
     His hands squeezed her buttocks as he fucked her, pulling her
tightly against him as his cock pumped quickly inside her. She
groaned, raising her head and looking at him through unfocused
eyes. Her cunt blazed with heat again, screaming with need as the
man's prong pumped within it.
     She grunted and moaned with each thrust and stroke, wanting to
throw her arms and legs around him but unable to move even slightly
as the man worked his cock up and down her cunt. Then he came, his
bubbling sperm shooting into her belly as he groaned with pleasure.
     He pulled out quickly, and the second soldier took his place,
sliding his own prong up into Stacie's pussy as she mewled with
pleasure. His hands gripped her fat titties and crushed them
tightly, his fingers squeezing repeatedly, digging deep into the
malleable flesh.
     His cock drove high into her belly, riding up and down her
tube as he fucked quickly. In less than a minute his sperm gushed
forth and he withdrew. The third man moved in and stuffed his own
prick into her sopping cunt tunnel.
     He rutted up into her as he stared into her eyes, forcing the
pleasure on her, knowing from the moist heat of her belly how
aroused she was. He pulled out then, moving around behind her and
sadistically jamming his prick into her anus instead.
     He laughed as she cried in pain, forcing his cock upward into
her rectum as she jerked and shook against him. He forced the
entire length into her asshole and quickly began to ream her out,
ignoring her whimpers and sobs as he pounded his log up her shit
chute.
     Even with the cock up her anus instead of her pussy, the
jarring effect of his body hammering into her buttocks sent
shockwaves of pleasure through Stacie's system. Then when his hand
came around her body and squeezed her cunt, she screamed and came,
jerking back against the man as her asshole was skewered by his
pumping cock.
     She felt his juice shoot up into her bowels as her own fuck
honey poured out of her slit, dribbling down her thighs as she
moaned and grunted in happiness. 
     A shout from the doorway made the soldier pull back quickly,
then run to the corner of the room, doing up his pants before the
officer returned. By the time the Captain came through the doorway,
all seemed in order. 
     He came over to the girl and glared at her.
     "Jhou will tell me where dhe guerrillas are or you will die
right now." He snapped. She looked back at him tiredly and didn't
answer. He slapped her, then slapped her again. 
     "I will keel jhou by inches." he hissed.
     He moved to a table and picked up a razor sharp scalpel, then
moved back to stand before her. He placed the sharp tip of the
little knife against her right nipple, pushing in so the skin was
pierced. 
     "I can skeen jhou alive." he grinned. "I can strip dhe skeen
from jhour body until jhou beg me for to die."
A small dot of blood appeared around the sharp point and he pulled
it away, then bent his mouth and sucked on her nipple, lapping at
the blood.
     Suddenly the room vibrated to an explosion some distance away.
The Captain raced outside and yelled at the soldiers there as he
watched a large bloom of smoke rising from the trees. Soldiers
revved up their trucks and drove them into the bush to investigate
the explosion.
     He hesitated, then moved back into the clinic.
     "I jam out of patience." he snarled.  He gripped her hair,
forcing her head up so she would look at him.
     "Jhou tell me what I want now, or I will slit your belly open
and let your guts drop out onto the floor!" He held the knife
poised just above her pussy and glared at her angrily.
     Something was flung into the building and bounced against the
wall. All four men turned to stare at the grenade as it came to
rest. They all yelled and raced for the door at the same time,
falling over themselves as they hurried out.
     Jack only had his little thirty-eight revolver, but it was
more than enough. With all the other soldiers gone, all he had to
do was fire at the four men from up close as they came tumbling out
of the door. It only took four shots.
     He ran inside, retrieved his cigarette lighter and quickly cut
Stacie down. He flung her across his shoulder again and ran outside
and into the bushes.
     "This is beginning to become a habit." he yelled over his
shoulder as he ran through the bushes.

     Although she was bruised and frazzled the next day, and had
several welts on her behind and breasts, the experience seemed to
have blasted out the worst of the fuck juice, or whatever it was
that had been in her cunt. She could touch herself now and not be
overcome with lust, though she still felt rather aroused as the
jeep moved through the bushes.
     In fact, as her ass bounced up and down on the seat, she felt
very aroused. Still, it wasn't anything like the uncontrollable
lust she'd felt before. She could handle it, could even ignore it,
and certainly didn't have to jerk off right in front of Jack.
     She didn't know how to react around him anymore. What he'd
witnessed was more than enough for her to be mortified every time
he looked at her, and to want to never see him again. Yet he had
saved her three times now, almost certainly from death in all three
cases.
     She was uncomfortable around him, but couldn't avoid him since
she rode right beside him. She kept their conversations to polite
small talk and information about the burial sight, trying to avoid
any mention of the things that had happened so far.
     The idea of turning back was extremely attractive. She didn't
want to ever have anything to do with this miserable, stinking
country again. But if she did that she would return to her father
a failure. She certainly couldn't tell him why she'd returned. She
didn't intend to ever tell anyone.
     There really wasn't any choice but to continue on, and hope
for the best. Surely nothing worse could happen to her. How many
groups of crazed men could there be running around in the middle of
nowhere like this? Besides, they were almost there.
     They parked the jeeps and camped early that night. They'd gone
as far as they could with the four wheel drive vehicles. The rest
of the way would be on foot. 
     The next morning, they set out, carrying what they could with
them as they headed through the dense jungle brush. It was dark and
shadowed as they moved through the brush, the trees so close
together that they rarely saw any sign of the sun.
     It was hot enough to cook by and moist enough to drown just by
breathing. Stacie's clothes were plastered to her body as she
panted and grunted and pushed her way through the underbrush after
Jack. She was wearing pants and a shirt tied under her breasts in
a halter. It was too hot to wear underwear and her nipples showed
clearly through the thin damp blouse.
     She was past caring. Besides, the only one in a position to
see was Jack and his back was to her. She was almost tempted to
strip, except that the bugs and leeches were too numerous for that,
and the bushes would scrap her flesh raw.
     "Goddddd! I hate this heat." she moaned.
     "Least it ain't between your legs anymore." he called back.
     "Fuck you, Jack." she sighed. It is too between my legs, she
thought. But I can handle it now. She felt her cunt pulse as she
thought of it and resolutely swung her hand, slashing the machete
through a thin branch and clearing it away.
     "We'll stop at the next water and eat." he said.
     "I don't think I could eat anything. It's too fucking hot."
     "Well the rest of us are getting hungry. You can go and count
birds or something then."
     "I'm in charge here, Jack. I'll say when we stop."
He stopped suddenly and she banged into him. She glared and slapped
his back.
     "Is that a joke?"
     "Nope." He stepped aside and she saw a skeleton on the trail
in front of him. It was upright, impaled on a spear. Pieces of
flesh still clung to it as the mouth gaped obscenely at them. The
labourers behind them gasped and crossed themselves, looking around
worriedly.
     "That's just a border marker for the Garanga tribe." she said.
     "It don't seem too friendly to me."
     "It isn't, but we aren't from any of the other tribes. We're
white men so they shouldn't bother us."
     "I don't like the looks of this."
     "They seldom come in this area anyway. Their villages are
further north. We'd have to have pretty bad luck to run into them
out here."
     "You lost your mind, girl?" he snapped. "We've had nothing but
bad luck since we started this damned trip."
     "We keep going." she said, shoving his back. He moved forward
reluctantly and she followed. Then she noticed the labourers
weren't following. 
     "Get your asses moving." she scowled back at them.
     "We no go." one of them said.
     "What the fuck do you mean you don't go? It's not dangerous."
     "That look pretty dangerous to me."
     "It's old. It's probably been there for years. Don't worry."
     "I worry. We all worry. We no wanna be et by indians."
     "The Garanga don't eat people. At least, they don't any more,
well, except for their friends."
The men looked back at her like she was crazy and then looked at
the skeleton.
     "What does that mean, except for their friends?" Jack
demanded.
     "When their friends die they eat their brains. It's a sign of
respect and friendship."
     "Nuts to this. I ain't goin'."
     "Jack!"
     "I don't want my brain eaten. I'm still using it."
     "Not that I've noticed." she snapped.
     "We go back now." one of the labourers said.
     "Oh No, you aren't!"
     "We go now." he repeated, turning and walking back the way
he'd come.
     "Hey! Get back here!"
The others all turned around and headed back as well, dumping their
loads beside the trail.
     "Do something!" she cried.
     "What you want me to do?"
     "You're the one who said he should be in charge of these
ignorant bastards!"
     "Yeah, so?"
     "So tell them to come back here!"
     "They won't. The ain't goin' nowhere where people eat brains.
I ain't to fond of the idea myself."
     "I told you there's no danger."
     "No. You said you didn't think there was much danger. That
ain't the same thing."
     "Jesus fucking Christ!" she snarled, stomping her foot.
     "So. You wanna go back now?"
     "We are going forward!"
     "You think you can carry all this shit?"
     "We'll just leave most of it and take what we need!"
     "I just hope we don't need to dig much cause I got a bad back
you know."
     "There's nothing wrong with your fucking back!"
     "Oh yeah? Hey, I can get X-rays if I have to."
     "Aaarrhggh!" she snarled. She stomped over to the bags the
labourers had dropped and began picking odds and ends out of them,
muttering and cursing under her breath. Jack sat down and lit a
cigar with his grenade cigarette lighter.
     "Hey. You got a nice ass. I ever tell you that?"
She straightened and glared at him over her shoulder.
     "Fuck you!"
He shrugged.
     It took her an hour to pick out and sort through the things
she thought they absolutely had to have, then load them into two
bags for the two of them to carry.
     "We ain't gonna make much progress cartin' all this shit, you
know."
     "Shut up and move!" she snarled, almost buried beneath a huge
backpack. He shrugged again and then started forward, moving slowly
as the backpack kept catching on overhanging tree limbs.
     They made fair progress, though they had to rest every hour or
so. By nightfall they were close enough to where Stacie had plotted
the King's tomb, that she thought they might make it there the next
day. That excited her tremendously, until she realized that among
the things they'd left behind were all their changes of clothing,
as well as her tent.
     "You can sleep with me, hon."
     "Not a chance." she sniffed, dragging her sleeping back to a
clear spot and tossing it down.
     "I'll sleep under the fucking stars."
     "That what they are?" he grinned. "Maybe I'll sleep out here
too."
     "We'll get up at dawn." she said, flatly, then unzipped her
bag and got in. He sighed and moved into his tent, making a big
show of it.
     Without any change of clothing, Stacie had to sleep in her
clothes, except that they were filthy with dirt and sweat, not to
mention uncomfortable to sleep in. Finally, after tossing and
turning for an hour, she stripped, and set them aside next to her
bag. She felt much better then and managed to get to sleep.
     She woke up to feel water dripping on her face. Her eyes
opened and then blinked rapidly as rain fell in them. She sat up,
cursing. The rain quickly began to intensify and she scrambled out
of her tent, only then remembering that she was naked. She looked
towards Jack's tent, then grabbed up her clothes and quickly began
to pull them on. 
     Thunder shook the jungle and the rain pelted down, soaking
her. She grabbed her bag and hurried across towards the tent but
tripped and fell into a newly formed mud puddle, then sat up and
shook her head in resignation. She looked up at the sky and glared
angrily, then moved back away from Jack's tent towards a group of
trees.
     Once there, she lay her waterproof sleeping bag down where the
rain wouldn't fall on her head and stripped her now soaking clothes
off. She hung them on a few low bushes under the tree, then decided
that she might as well take the opportunity for a quick shower
since she was already wet.
     She walked naked out into the open, going around the tree and
out into a small field of grass. It was rather nice actually, she
thought, walking naked in the grass while the rain cleaned off the
dirty and sweat. 
     She ran her hands through her hair, then turned her face
upwards and opened her mouth to catch the rainfall on her tongue.
She found herself becoming aroused as she walked through the grass,
her old excitement at being naked outdoors combining with the
leftover effects of that chemical goo that had been poured in her
pussy.
     The thunder cracked again and she held her arms high as if she
were some ancient priestess greeting the Gods. Then she began to
sway slightly, waving her ass from side to side as she slid her
hands down her sides and around her belly and up under her breasts.
SHe cupped them gently, leaning back as she began to squeeze her
fingers into the soft meat.
     She slid her right hand down her belly and in between her
legs, rubbing lightly against her crotch as the water showered down
around her. Her finger dipped into her fuck tunnel and began
pumping lightly, while her thumb rubbed up and down over her
clitty.
     She groaned, not bothering to keep her voice down since nobody
could possibly hear her with the storm. Her belly burned with need
and her sexual fever intensified, growing into a huge and powerful
beast that began taking control of her body.
     She wanted cock again, and her mind fought her groin over the
idea of going back to Jack's tent. Her mind won, but just barely as
she swayed from side to side and began rubbing her hand harder and
harder in her crotch, began sliding her fingers with more and more
force as they ground between her soft pussy lips.
     Then a large pair of hands slid around her chest and fastened
on her breasts. She gasped and jerked away but they held her
firmly. She jerked her head around to see Jack standing behind her,
smiling his smug smile of superiority. Again she tried to pull
away, but his hands held on, his fingers repeatedly squeezing down
on her swollen tit meat.
     He bushes his crotch against her buttocks and she realized
that he was as naked as she. She cursed, only it didn't emerge as
a curse, but as a moan. Then her ass pushed back against him all on
it's own and she lost control of her body. 
     Jack's left hand moved up onto her face, pushing it around,
twisting it sideways where his lips and tongue licked and nibbled
and sucked. Their tongue's met, dancing and swirling together as
her ass humped back against his crotch and his hard erection slid
up between her ass cheeks.
     His right hand slid down her belly, pressing her back against
him, then down between her legs, folding over hers, pressing her
own hand harder into her crotch as their soaking bodies rubbed
together in the rain.
     She pulled her hands from her crotch, her left squeezing her
breast and her right going up behind her, around his neck as if to
pull their faces closer together. She felt his stiff dick pushing
and probing at her ass, and reached behind her with her left and
grasped it carefully.
     She pulled it between her legs, feeling the long, stiff log
pressing up flatly beneath her. She rubbed herself against it,
humping back and forward as she sawed the fat prick between her
cunt lips. She groaned and sobbed with the intensity of the
pleasure that burned through her body.
     She twisted his cock upwards, the head pushing at her cunt
entrance, then she pushed herself back and his cock slid up into
her fuck hole, bringing a gasp of pure bliss from her as she felt
her tunnel invaded by the hard, hot, invading fuck tool.
     His right hand continued to fondle her cunt, now working
around his cock as he humped forward, driving it slowly up and down
her cunt tunnel. Her ass cheeks were crushed up against him as
their tongues continued to slide and swirl together in mutual
passion and lust.
     He grasped her leg, high up on the thigh and pulled it up and
open, humping harder and harder into her burning twat. She grunted
with the force and deepness of the penetration, bowing her back as
their mouths locked together and his groin jammed hard against her
ass.
     He half lifted her, pulling her right leg high as he thrust
hard with his groin, driving his cock straight up her cunt box into
her belly with each hard thrust. Her wet ass cheeks made a loud
slapping sound each time his belly hit them. She hardly heard it
with the sounds of their own groans and moans and the continued
hiss of the rain pelting down.
     She was impaled on his thick, bloated organ as it stabbed
straight up into her pussy, jerking her upward with it's powerful
thrusting impact. Her mind throbbed and ached with sensory overload
as hot fuck energy poured through her. Her cunt spat and sparkled
and sizzled and burned as it rode the thick meaty sausage of his
cock.
     Then he fell forward, barely catching her around the belly as
he dropped to his knees. She fell forward then onto her hands and
knees, keeping her legs wide and pushing her ass up and out at him.
His cock was still buried in her box as he began to thrust
furiously into her.
     His hammering hips slammed into her raised buttocks with
jarring impact, sending her entire body rocking back and forth as
his cock became a pistoning blur in her sucking pink tunnel. Her
cunt was more open and the penetration more complete now as he
drove his cockhead into her cervix with each mighty stroke.
     She grunted loudly with each forward thrust, then her breath
hissed through her teeth each time his sausage slid back out of her
hot hole. Her tits, firm and swollen as they were, hung straight
down like twin udders and swayed and bounced furiously as her body
humped back and forth.
     Animal like sounds of pleasure and bliss escaped her lips as
she raced towards her orgasm. The sheer, coarse sexuality, the lewd
and carnal and raw bestial aspect of what she was doing, sent her
mind spinning upwards into orgasmic bliss. She was utterly wanton,
being taken like a she bitch, like a spitting, hissing animal by
this big brutal man who was riding her into climax.
     His big hands were around her thin waist, completely locking
her in place as her rode her with his giant penis. She mewled and
then barked, then laughed and then came. She grunted repeatedly,
her back arching and her breath locking inside her as she gasped
and moaned and shuddered violently.
     Her head fell forward and jerked from side to side, her
soaking hair whipping around as she drove her ass back against his
furious thrusts as hard as she could. The jarring impact against
her spine only leant momentum to her howling orgasmic tempest as
wave after wave or sexual bliss flooded through her.
     Her head fell forward and her arms and legs began to wobble as
all her strength was sapped by the cataclysmic fury of her sexual
explosion. She groaned and sagged downward, her face crushed into
the grass as her arms collapsed beneath her.
     Her ass remained high and open as Jack kept his hands tightly
around her waist. He locked his fingers tight as he jammed his cock
into her soaking cunt slit with terrible fury. His balls were
screaming for relief as he felt the tightness of her pink tunnel
around his thundering cock spike.
     He pounded his dick into her with blinding speed, thrusting
his cockhead deep into her belly as he jerked her savagely back to
meet each thrust. Then his balls exploded and sizzling wads of cum
juice spat out the tip of his cock that was lodged deep inside her
guts. 
     He collapsed forward on top of her, groaning with relief as
his cum drained down into her belly and his cock slowly began to
soften under the inoxerable pressure of her tight cunt.



                        Part Seven

     It took them a while to recover. Stacie pulled herself out
from under him, turned on her back and simply lay there, letting
the rain pour down onto her. When the rain began to let up, the two
slowly got to their feet and began to make their way back to the
little camp.
     "Look out!" Jack cried, grabbing her arm and roughly dragging
her to a tree. She gasped as she saw a giant wild boar staring them
from a few feet away. Jack boosted her into the tree and quickly
jumped up beside her as the board charged over and snuffled and
growled at the base of the tree.
     There were several others, she could see now. They were all
wandering around their campsite, sniffing and digging and chewing
on whatever caught their fancy. 
     "Shit! I wish I had my rifle." Jack sighed.
     "It's only pigs." she said.
     "These aren't pigs, babe. These are wild boars. They can kill
you without trying. Their mean and nasty and eat everything in
sight."
     As if in response the boar slammed his tusks into the base of
the tree, snuffling and growling even louder. It had little
patience though and wandered back to the camp join the others as
they dug through the possessions neatly piled by the long dead
fire.
     Fortunately, they didn't stay long. Half an hour later, Jack
climbed down and carefully made his way into the remnants of their
camp. He grabbed his rifle, checked the action and then looked
around for the boars.
     "You can come down now, Princess. They're gone." he called.
     Stacie climbed carefully down from the tree, not wanting to
scratch herself up on the rough bark. She hurried into the little
camp and looked around in dismay.
     "Everything is wrecked!" she cried.
     "Not everything. Just most things."
     They moved around the camp, looking at their goods, now
scattered around randomly. All the food was gone, except for the
dried emergency rations which they apparently had not recognized as
edible. The tent and sleeping bags were torn apart, as were their
clothes. Stacie picked up her ripped up shirt and pants in dismay,
looking at the gaping holes in both.
     Jack's clothes were only barely intact. The pants were mostly
intact, except that one leg had been torn off. The shirt had been
torn in two, and had both arms ripped off. Her clothes were rags.
The blouse was in three pieces and the pants had been savaged, deep
punctures and teeth marks all over, many of them big enough to put
her hand through.
     "What the fuck do we wear?" She gasped.
     "More to the point,w hat do we eat?"
     "We can eat the dried rations."
     "Even the pigs didn't want those." he snapped.    "They must
have tasted them before."
     The metal tools and devices were the only things to survive
relatively unharmed. They managed to recover most of the small
dried food packets too. 
     Jack made do with wearing his pants and no shirt, while Stacie
rigged a too-small halter by tying one of his ripped off sleeves
around her chest. Then she tied a piece of cord around her waist
and managed to tie one end of the other sleeve to the front, slide
it down between her legs and tie it to the rear, thus producing a
sort of string bikini, more of a thong really, since the back was
way to thin to do more than cover her crack.
     "We'd still get arrested on the street." She snarled.
     "Not me, babe. I'm dressed well enough. You're the one who
looks like a beach blanket bimbo."
     "Fuck you, Blackthorne! If it hadn't been for you this
wouldn't have happened!"
     "Me? You're the one who wanted to go out naked in the rain and
play nature girl."
     "Eat shit and die!"
     "I might just wind up doing that!" he snapped, looking
disgustedly at the dried ration packets.
     Fortunately, she'd tied her boots to a tree branch by the
laces, hoping they'd dry out faster. Jack's boots had been mauled,
but they were tough and had survived mostly intact. They were
wearable anyway.
     They set out shortly after dawn, moving slowly now that they
had to cut away the brush ahead of them with their machetes rather
than simply brushing through in their tough jeans. Still, Stacie's
legs kept getting scraped and slapped as they moved along.
     The insecticide had survived, so although the bugs continued
to fly around them they seldom landed anywhere. Stacie was mulishly
determined to continue on of course, no matter what happened. They
only had a day of travelling to get to where she thought King Koo
Lan's tomb was located.
     As they got closer, they had to slow down or stop frequently
while she checked her maps and notes. It was during one of their
stops that she looked up to see a painted face only feet away. She
gasped and Jack turned form enjoying his cigar.
     There were at least a dozen Garanga warriors standing around
them, all armed with spears and bows. 
     "Don't make any sudden moves." Jack whispered.
     "What do you think I'm going to do, attack?" she hissed.
     "Goouelboisdldkueiepallkjd." one of them said.
     "Huh?" she asked.
     "Theousjdk slkeyey ovoeeue ooveikek khjhdyue." Jack replied.
     "You understand this stuff? I thought you didn't know anything
about the Garanga."
"I don't but I know Kurali and that's what he's talking." he
stopped for a moment and talked with the man some more.
     "PPidoidid lseei nddyw wwodyy goonga eeinnta meean." 
     "Kiene aoiud leensy doddyywwy."
     "Can you translate." she demanded.
     "Shut up!" he hissed. "He doesn't like you talking! Garanga
woman supposed to be extremely subservient from what he's saying.
Don't say another thing unless you're spoken to!"
     She glared back at him but shut her face as he talked again
with the warriors. Finally he turned to her and spoke in english.
     "We have to go to their village to see their chief."
     "Why?"
     "Because there's twelve of them and two of us and because
we're trespassing on their land."
     "Did you explain that we're just..."
     "Just looking to dig up some of his ancestors? No. I'm not a
damned fool. You mention anything like that and they'll be carving
you up for dinner."
     "I told you they aren't cannibals."
     "I don't wanna take that chance."
     They followed the Garanga warriors down a game tail for
several miles before they came to their village.
     "I don't know why this is here. There aren't supposed to be
any villages around here." she grumbled.
     "Inaccurate maps in Peru? How amazing." he said,
sarcastically.
     They were led into the midst of the village, Stacie feeling
exposed in her flimsy shirt sleeves, especially as there were no
women around. Then she realized what the place was. She slapped
Jack's arm and whispered into his ear.
     "This isn't a village at all. It' just a temporary hunting
camp! My map was right!"
     "Yippee." he snapped.
     They were led to an old man who sat by a fire in the middle of
the camp. About twenty other men gathered around, staring curiously
at the two whites. Stacie felt even more exposed as their eyes were
obviously looking on her with something more than just curiosity.
She remembered something about Garanga culture then, that the men
would sometimes be away from their villages for weeks on end when
they hunted.
     "Youtheyaw coingg akieyls nsisueei." The man who'd spoken to
Jack said to the chief. They talked for a minute then the man spoke
to Jack again, apparently in Kurali. Jack replied in Kurali and the
man then translated into Garanga.
     The conversation became agitated and the Chief pointed his
finger at Jack several times as he spoke loudly and angrily. Jack
turned to Stacie worriedly.
     "What's the matter?" she hissed.
     "We're trespassing and have to pay a fine or they'll torture
us to death."
     "So pay them!"
     "They don't take money and anyway, we don't have any."
     "What do they want?"
     "Pigs or cows or goats."
     "Offer something else.
     "I've offered them everything I got. They don't like anything
but the machetes."
     "So give them the machetes!"
     "They aren't enough. He wants five."
     "Tell him we'll bring him back five or ten or fifty."
     "They don't give credit!"
Then the chief spoke again, and the other man interpreted. Jack
looked startled, then turned to look at Stacie.
     "What?"
     "He's found something he wants."
     "Give it to him then!"
     "He wants you."
     "What?" she squeaked.
     "He's willing to let me go in return for my giving him you as
a slave for one year. I can come back and get you after that."
     "Forget it!"
     "We don't have much choice."
     "Jack!" she protested.
     "Look. I'll have to agree or we'll both be dead in an hour.
After dark I can sneak back and get you loose."
     "I'm not staying here with them alone!" she cried, appalled
and horrified.
     "It's either that or getting killed.
     "You know what they want me for?!"
     "I can guess, but it's either get a dick up your pussy or a
spear in your belly. You've survived lots of dicks but I doubt
you'll survive a spear."
     "I am not staying here!"
     "Give me an alternative. Anything at all!"
Her mind raced as he spoke to the chief.
     "Shut up now. The chief is wondering if you're worth the price
since you're obviously disobedient."
     "Jack!"
     "By tomorrow we can get away from here. Didn't you tell me
before that the Garanga are afraid of travelling in the dark?"
     "Yes but... "
     "Then we can get away then."
     "But Jack... "
He ignored her, speaking in Kurali to the Garanga. The chief rose
and thumped his chest with his fist. Jack imitated him and then
slowly backed away, leaving her there.
     "Jack!"
     "I'll be back. Just don't be disobedient or you might be dead
by the time I get here."
She watched him go until he disappeared into the bushes, then
turned to find more than twenty tall Garanga warriors staring at
her.
     "Uhhhh. Hi guys." she said, uneasily. "I don't suppose you've
got a bunch of washing you want me to do?"
They looked back without answering.
     "Maybe some chickens needing to be plucked?" she asked,
hopefully.
     The chief rose and walked slowly over to stand in front of
her. His hands plucked at her thin halter and easily slid it up and
off her breasts. Her arms rose automatically and covered her chest.
Several warriors laughed and the chief cuffed her in the side of
the head.
     She took her arms down as he looked down at her breasts. Jack
was right about one thing. The Garanga men didn't tolerate any
arguments from their women. They would tolerate even less from an
indentured slave.
     They were all staring at her tits with amazed expressions. She
figured that was probably because most Garanga women her age would
have big drooping tits that fell down to their waists. The Chief
put his hand on her right breast and squeezed. She winced but grit
her teeth and didn't move.
     He said something to the others and then pulled the shirt
loose from the cord around her waist, leaving her naked. He ran his
hands through her hair, then down between her legs to touch her
pussy hair. He seemed to like the color.
     Then he turned and began walking towards a bamboo hut. He
stopped and turned, then scowled at her and said something that
apparently meant "Move your ass." She hesitantly started forward
after him and he moved towards the hut again. She followed
submissively, her mind agonizing and her body shivering with dread.
     The chief pushed through the flap in front of his hut and
turned to gaze lustfully at Stacie as she cautiously stepped in
behind him. The Chief wasn't in the mood for caution, however. He
quickly grabbed Stacie in his surprisingly strong arms and threw
her down on the ground on her hands and knees.
     He didn't bother to remove his own loincloth, merely lifted it
as he dropped to his knees behind her. His hands slid over her
rounded buttocks, then down between her legs. He pulled her legs
further apart, then gave her pussy a squeeze and laughed in glee.
She felt his hard cockhead pushing against her pussy lips, then
pushing forward.
     She grit her teeth in disgust as she felt the wrinkled old
man's thin cock slide between her fuck lips. He latched his bony
fingers to her hips and quickly began to pump into her. His cock
slid in and out furiously, like she was being fucked by a dog or
something. 
     She had no choice but to kneel there and let him do as he
wanted. Her doctorate hardly mattered down here, not when all the
men around were a lot more interested in her cunt than her mind.
Peru wasn't exactly a liberated country.
     The man grunted in a high pitched little squeaky way as his
cock pistoned back and forth in her fuck valley. His hands slid
over her body, rough and dry as they squeezed and fondled her. They
moved down under her chest and began repeatedly squeezing her
jerking, swaying tit meat.
     His belly slapped and slapped into her ass cheeks as he drove
his cock into her. Stacie glared furiously at the ground, hating
Jack for leaving her here, even though she knew he couldn't have
done anything else. Being the plaything of these ignorant indians
was almost like being used by animals.
     What made her even madder was that her pussy was obviously
heating up. Whatever it was that the other indians had poured down
her cunt seemed to have had a lasting effect. Any time something
was inserted in her fuck tunnel, her pussy began streaming with
girl juices and itching for hard fast pumping.
     The Chief fucked and fucked, slowing down and even stopping
for times when he seemed on the verge of coming. Stacie was forced
to kneel there while he rested, his cock buried in her tight wet
pink flesh, his belly pressed against her ass cheeks, and his hands
travelling over her body.
     Finally though, he picked up speed and held it, humping into
her with desperate energy until she felt his skinny prick spray out
his semen. Stacie was not the most unbigotted person. When the
other indians had fucked her she was doped to the eyeballs. 
     Now when she felt the Chief's sperm mixing with her own cunt
juice, she felt a disgust that would only have been matched had a
dog cum in her. She had to fight the urge to run off and have her
cunt steam cleaned. 
     The Chief finished with a satisfied sigh and Stacie felt his
copious fuck juice dribbling out between her lips. He must have
been storing it up for a while, she thought. Then he belatedly
remembered that the Garanga didn't masturbate, considering it a
crime.
     The Chief stood up then and jerked her up by the arm, hauling
her back out of his tent to where the other indians were still
waiting. He stopped before them and began talking. Then the others
began grumbling, but seemed to come to some kind of agreement.
     One of them handed the Chief a spear and then took Stacie by
the arm and roughly dragged her off to another, much larger hut. He
too, pushed her onto her hands and knees and positioned himself
behind her. He muttered something, but she didn't understand it as
his cock pushed against her cunt, then thrust into her. She grunted
loudly, then sighed as her cunt fever grew greater.
     Her cursed pussy began bubbling and sputtering with juice and
passion as the man sank his boner fully into it and began to pump
into her. His hands gripped her shoulders as he thumped his groin
into her buttocks with a steady pounding thrust that made his cock
stroke long and even.
     His prong rode in and out of her with agonizing slowness. Her
fuck hole was sizzling with need, burning for a hot, hard rutting
and yet the warrior continued to stroke calmly, not even working up
a sweat as his cock slid back and forth.
     Sweat broke out on her forehead, then all over her body. She
began to tremble and twitch, her ass bumping back at him as he
pumped. He slapped her ass hard, making her yelp in pain, then
yelled something. She realized he didn't want her disturbing his
rhythm and fought to keep still.
     He kept up his slow stroking, driving Stacie crazy as her cunt
flared and throbbed around his slowly driving shaft. Again her ass
began to twist and shake, began humping back against him. Again he
slapped her ass hard, the crack of noise resounding through the hut
as she yelped and sobbed.
     His pumping was a slow torture to her as her entire belly
heaved and churned around it. Her skin frazzled and twitched in
misery. Stacie felt worse than when she heard fingernails on a
blackboard. This was a dozen times worse and it went on and on and
on.
     She almost cried out in delight when he finally began to pick
up the pace. His cock pumped with steadily increasing strokes,
jabbing into her now with some velocity. His belly began to slap
against her ass cheeks with force, squashing and mashing them as he
ground his boner into her fuck hole.
     He began to ram his prick into her hard, smashing his cockhead
against her cervix as he rutted. His hands remained on her
shoulders as he locked her against him and stopped pumping every
dozen strokes or so just to ground his belly against her ass and
twist his prong within her pink velvet tunnel.
     His cock was a pile driver now, driving into her box with
furious force that made her gasp and grunt with each terrible
stabbing thrust. Her eyes closed and her mouth opened wide. She
felt her body shaking and her insides spasming and twisting.
     Then she came, grunting and groaning in terrible, helpless
passion as her belly and cunt flared and erupted. Her heat and
spasming fuck tunnel drew his own orgasm on and he drove his spear
into her with ruthless force until his sperm gushed out and down
into her womb.
     She felt his sizzling seed pouring down her fuck tube and deep
into her belly as she gagged and gasped for breath, her chest
locked as her body was racked by fiery hot fuck spasms.
     She sagged lower, but his hands slid under her and lifted her
upwards again, letting her cunt suck the last drop of juice from
his sagging boner. Then he sighed and rose, pulling her up after
him and out of the hut. 
     The old man was standing just outside. He had the man's spear
beside him. All the other warriors were lined up in front of him,
each holding something in their hands. The one in front handed the
Chief a pair of animal skins and then pushed forward eagerly and
pulled Stacie back into the tent.
     She realized abruptly that the Chief was selling her services
and that she had, in effect become a prostitute. The man behind her
shoved her down even as her mind was sifting through the appalling
evidence and trying to muster the appropriate outrage.
     Then the man shoved his cock into her belly and began pumping.
Unlike the last man this one was too eager for slowness. His cock
pounded into her urgently, his belly smashing violently into her
ass cheeks while he moaned and grunted behind her.
     His cock tore in and out of her with rapid fire strokes that
took her breath away and set her pussy to bubbling once again. Her
skin crawled at the thought of more indian seed inside her, and yet
her cunt was as excited as if she were fucking some great Hollywood
sex symbol.
     She humped back against his thrusting as he drove his cock
deep into her and dropped his load in her belly. She grunted and
sighed, squeezing down on her cunt muscles as she drew his gunk
from his balls. He rose finally and left.
     Stacie stayed in place, groaning slightly. It was only seconds
before the next indian came in and dropped to his knees behind her.
These guys apparently didn't go in for much in the way of
experimentation in sex. All of them wanted her on her knees and all
of them took her like that, one after the other.
     She came several times, each one making her weaker, each one
seeming to grow in power and duration. It had something to do with
that shit in her pussy, she knew, but she couldn't understand how
or why. All she knew is that each fucking only made her crave more.
     Her cunt was bubbling with male semen now. It seemed that
quarts of the stuff had been sprayed into her. Still, her pussy was
as tight as ever, and just as hot. It burned with desperate desire
for more and more cock juice.
     Even after all the warriors had taken her, then started over
and taken her again, still she was unsatisfied. Her mind was a
blazing, dazed hurricane of conflicting emotions and raw, ragged
lust. Several of the indians took her a third time and she mewled
and grunted and moaned enthusiastically.
     It grew dark out finally and the men prepared for sleep. The
Chief drew her out of the big hut and brought her back across the
camp to his own private hut. Once there, he tied a rope to her neck
and tied her hands behind her back. He tied the rope around her
neck to his ankle and went to sleep.



                       Part Eight

     Stacie could not fall asleep. Even if she wanted to, she had
to stay up for Jack when he came to rescue her. A horrible thought
occurred to her, that he might not come, but she tried to put that
out of her mind. Worse than worry though, was her cunt, which was
still steaming and burning with fuck-need.
     She couldn't even jerk off with her hands tied behind her. She
tried though. She pulled herself up so she was kneeling in the
corner of the hut, then tried to grind her cunt down on her heel.
She mashed and twisted her heel against her pussy mouth, mewling
and whimpering with pleasure as her heel squashed and ground
against her cuntlips.
     Instead of bringing relief, it only seemed to make her need
grow. She was gasping for breath, her entire body trembling with
arousal. She crawled across to where a the Chief had left his spear
and lay on her back with it's butt between her legs.
     She seized the thing between her two feet and awkwardly raised
it up and pulled it towards her cunt. She drew her legs back,
pulling the spear butt against her pussy, then slowly sliding it
inside. She whimpered with bliss as she slowly pulled the thick
wooden shaft into her boiling cunt hole.
     She half lifted it off the ground as she held it tightly in
her toes and began to pump it in and out of her boiling fuck hole.
Her cries of pleasure grew greater and greater, despite her efforts
to keep quiet, and she woke the Chief. 
     He yawned and looked over at her, then his eyes opened wide
and he cursed violently. He jerked his foot back, drawing the rope
tight around her throat. He took the rope off his foot and stood
up, jerking the spear out of her cunt and reversing it so the blade
was pointed towards her.
     She belatedly remembered that it was a crime to jerk off as
the Chief furiously raised the spear and brought it down against
her. She rolled quickly and the blade sank into the dirt. The Chief
cursed and pulled it free, turning towards her again. She crawled
out of the hut with the Chief stomping after her.
     He kicked her in the side, knocking her over onto her back,
then raised the spear again. Then his eyes widened and he sank to
his knees. Jack appeared behind him, holding a knife, it's blade
shining wet with blood. The Chief dropped dead onto his face as
Jack grabbed Stacie by the arm and pulled her to her feet.
     He quickly untied the rope from her neck, cut her hands free
and began to hurry away, dragging her with him. They made it clear
of the camp without an alarm being sounded and moved quickly down
a game trail. Fortunately, Stacie was still wearing her boots. The
indians hadn't bothered to remove them.
     They had only been running for ten minutes when Stacie halted,
pulling back against him.
     "Wait! Wait!" she gasped.
     "You can't be tired already!" he snapped. "They'll be after us
at dawn!"
     "I have to... have to..."
     "You can rest later!"
She dropped to her knees and turned around, showing him her cunt
and ass.
     "Fuck me!" she panted.
     "What!?"
     "Fuck me! I can't go on! You have to fuck meeee!"
     "Jesus Christ!"
     "Please!" she whined.
     He dropped to his knees and pulled out his cock. It wasn't
hard but rubbing it back and forth between her cuntlips for a few
seconds made it bloat out and harden rapidly. He punched it into
her fuck tunnel and began to rut into her as she whimpered and
moaned and grunted in delirious pleasure.
     "Harder! OH HARDER!" she cried, jamming her cunt back on his
plunging fuck wand.
     He cursed and pounded his cock into her, his hand sliding down
and rubbing furiously at her clit. She yowled and moaned and shook
violently, her head bucking up and down like a horse as her body
quivered with sexual energy. She came, her entire cunt blasting out
like a volcano.
     She screamed, a long, drawn out cry of wondrous pleasure. Her
body was consumed by ecstasy, sexual heat blasting through her with
terrifying force. Jack's cock was almost torn lose by her violent
orgasm and he found his cum sucked straight out of his balls as he
came with her.
     The bucked and ground together for long minutes until she
finally collapsed and he fell atop her. Then they rested for a
while before Jack finally got to his feet and weakly pulled her up
after him.
     "We gotta get movin'." he panted.
     "I... I know." she gasped.
     They moved on, Jack leading. Eventually the found a small
river and Jack led her onto a small raft he had built. They sat
down, Stacie feeling the cool water ease the burning in her cunt as
they travelled quickly downriver.
     By dawn they were miles away and the Indians had no way of
tracing them. They moved into the hills along the route the King's
coffin was supposed to have taken centuries before. Stacie's fuck
lust had eased by then, though Jack had had to fuck her twice more
during the night, and she was able to check over her notes.
     "Look for a mountain with three peaks." she said.
     "Huh?"
     "A mountain with three peaks."
     "You mean like that one?" he pointed.
     "That's it!" 
     They moved the raft to shore and got off. Now Jack had to
hurry to keep up with her as they quickly moved up the side of the
gently rising mountain. Half way up towards the center peak there
was a small cave. Stacie rushed in despite Jack's warning.
     She had to stop however. This cave had no phosphorescent
lighting. It would have been unusual if it had, for it was
obviously not a natural cave. Jack came up behind, carting both of
their packs and pulled a pair of lanterns from out of his. Once
they were lit, Stacie rushed forward again.
     "I can't believe it's open like this!" she cried. "We don't
even have to dig."
     Sure enough the artificial cave moved smoothly downward
without any breaks or cave-ins. They emerged in a great huge
cavern. In the center of the cavern was a kind of alter. It was a
round stone with a tall carved stone pillar leaning to one side.
There was a kind of spike or spigot coming out of the top side of
the pillar. It was about a foot long and almost as thick as a
baseball bat.
     As they approached the thing a great blast of steam hissed out
from the spigot thing. It hissed up like a steam hose for almost a
full minute, then abruptly stopped.
     "Like old faithful." Jack mused.
     "The door to the tomb is supposed to be right behind it."
     They moved around the thing and found the door. It too was
open. They moved in and stopped, watching the light glitter off the
carved images and giant stone tombs and statues.
     "Wow!" Jack sighed.
     "Isn't this amazing?" she shook her head. "The state of
preservation is phenomenal."
     "What a find!"
     "I'll be famous! We'll both be famous!"
     "NO. I'll be famous."
They turned around and saw a man standing behind them, holding a
gun in his hand.
     "Schultz!" she gasped.
     "You have certainly had an eventful trip, my dear." he
grinned. "I only wish I could have watched from a lesser distance.
However, I do appreciate what I see now."
She reddened and covered herself with her arms.
     "Why were you following us?" she glared.
     "Because I knew you must have been on to something for Daddy
to give you the money for this trip. I figured I'd follow along and
see."
     "This is my discovery."
     "I don't want the discovery you stupid girl. I grew sick of
archaeology almost from the moment we began doing that dirty work
in Egypt. Though you had considerably more pleasure at it of
course." He turned and gave Jack a grin.
     "If you're not interested in the find, why are you here?"
     "Idiots!" he laughed. He moved forward, carefully going around
them and over to one of the statues. He plucked a giant ruby from
it's right eye, then took another from it's left.
     "Hey! You can't do that!" she cried.
     "Watch me." He proceeded to strip diamonds, rubies, emeralds
and gold from the other statues, dropping them all into a sack. 
     "This stuff is worth millions." he snickered.
     He turned just as Jack brought his own gun out and fired,
hitting him in the head and throwing him back against the wall.
Stacie screamed and Schultz ran over and hit her in the side of the
head with the gun barrel, knocking her down too.
     "I've got these." he panted, his eyes maniacal.   "I think
I'll take some of what everyone else in this country has gotten."
He then dropped on his knees between his spread legs and pulled his
erection out. He dropped on top of the weakly struggling woman and
pushed his cock into her fuck hole, then began to wildly rut down
into her.
     "Ooohhhh Yesssss Soffftttt! Tiihgghhhht!" 
He humped into her savagely, grunting and panting for breath as his
prick slammed into her pussy
     "Stupid little whoooore!" he groaned. "At least you're good
for something!" he grunted, jamming his cock, balls deep into her
crotch and spraying his juice into her pink hole.
     "Bastard!" she groaned.
     "Think so, bitch?" he grinned. He rose, grabbed her by the
hair and dragged her after him out into the giant cavern. He pulled
her towards the alter thing and then forced her up onto the stone,
straddling the leaning pillar. 
     "Sit down on that, whore!"
     "I... I can't!" she gasped.
     "You can take a fucking log up that slutty wet hole of yours."
     "But the steam... "
     "Will fry you." he giggled, shoving her against it and jamming
her cunt against the hollow tube like opening. He pushed down on
her shoulders, bringing more and more pressure against her aching
cunt lips. She screamed, feeling her cunt torn open as she slowly
sank down onto the thick spigot.
     The stone tube forced her cunt further open than it had ever
been, stretching and threatening to tear her elastic cunt tube open
as it slowly pushed up into her. Schultz wasn't satisfied and
didn't let up until her ass was resting on the pillar, her cheeks
split by the round stone.
     The full foot of the spigot was up in her belly as she
quivered with pain and shock. Schultz then tied her wrists around
the pillar and tied another rope around her belly, locking her
against the stone pipe.
     "When that steam comes shooting out again it's gonna boil you
alive from the inside out." he giggled. 
     "Too bad I won't be here to see it but I gotta go with all my
new found wealth. Hope you enjoy yourself." He dropped down and ran
out of the cavern then, leaving her straddling the pillar, impaled
on the stone spigot.
     Already, she could feel her cunt heating up with the seeping
vapours from the mouth of the spigot. She twisted herself from side
to side, trying to pull herself up and off the tube, but the rope
around her belly kept her in place.
     She was too high up the leaning pillar for her feet to even
touch the ground so she had no way of pushing herself up like that.
She brought her feet up and set them against the side of the
pillar, trying to shove herself upwards, but again the rope held
her tightly against the stone spigot.
     All she was doing was twisting and jerking her cunt around the
stone tube, and sending burning fuck energy through her veins. She
whimpered and groaned, feeling the fuck need taking over her body
even though she was in deadly danger. 
     "NOoooooo!" she moaned, her attempts at figuring out a way out
of this overcome by the sizzling arousal blowing through her
tortured body. Her feet dropped back down, dropping her full weight
on the pillar so she was once again riding it like a horse, though
a very thin horse.
     She found herself grinding herself back and forth against the
rough stone, squeezing her clit against the tube as she tried to
hump up and down on it. She knew that at any moment the steam could
come spewing out of the tube. With her body firmly covering it, the
steam would boil her, literally. It would melt her body until it
forced a way through, until she was ripped open and boiling under
it's superheated pressure.
     Still, she kept grinding herself against the long fat stone
spigot rather than trying to figure a way out. 
     Jack stumbled from the tomb, holding his hand to his head. 
     "Son of a bitch!" he moaned. His head was bleeding, but it was
apparently only a flesh wound. He looked groggily at Stacie, then
stumbled towards her. 
     "Get off that!" he sighed, blinking in dizziness.
     "C... can't." she groaned.
He fumbled with the knife and cut her wrists loose, then cut the
rope around her waist.
     "I'm gonna get that fucker." he hissed, staggering across the
cavern after Schultz.
     Stacie slowly eased herself upward, slowly pulling her tightly
stretched cunt up the length of the stone pipe. Her cunt spasmed
harder and harder, squeezing down and sucking on the stone spigot
as it rasped over her clit.
     She gasped and fell back down, fully impaled on the thing
again. She groaned, rubbing against it. She could feel the pressure
building in the thing, could sense the rumbling coming up from the
ground. Once again, she brought her feet up onto the pillar and
began to pull herself up off the tube, groaning and straining,
gritting her teeth against the awesome pressure of her own sucking
womb as it sought to draw the stone spigot even deeper, resisting
her upward movement.
     She straddled the narrow pillar, her two feet almost pressed
together beneath her as she pushed herself inch by inch up the
spigot, slowly drawing her cunt off it. Then her right foot slipped
and she fell crashing back down onto the rounded pillar. It smashed
into the base of her spine, stunning her as her cunt was stabbed,
impaled by the stone tube.
     She cried out, her body shaking madly a she straddled the
pillar. Her body began to burn and burn and then she came, shaking
and quivering and rutting furiously up and down, riding the pillar
like a horse, bucking up and down with terrible force.
     She bounced up and down on the round pillar, fucking herself
on the stone spigot, using it as a giant dildo as she came and came
and came. Cum drooled out of her cunt. It dripped down into the
tube, sizzling against the hot heat inside it.
     She felt the rumbling growing louder and harder and knew she
had only seconds before the steam blasted out of the hollow tube,
yet still she grunted and mewled and whimpered in pleasure, sliding
her cunt up and down it's long length as she cried out in ecstasy.
     Then she finally collapsed, her back bowing as she fell
backwards with gravity. Her body was still impaled by the foot long
pillar as she leaned way back on the thing, her head falling back,
her legs hanging loose and wobbling and twitching.
     The steam began to puff out of the hollow tube and her cunt
burned with pain. The pain grew to terrible proportions, finally
rousing herself from her orgasmic stupor. She slowly brought her
feet together against the pillar and pried her cunt up and off the
spigot, tumbling backwards onto the floor just as the steam
exploded out of the tube in a ten foot high blast of boiling heat.
     She lay sprawled on the stone floor, her eyes crossed as she
watched the steam grow higher and higher, disappearing into the
blackness far above her. Her cunt felt like it had been burned
beyond recover, the pain seeping through her.
     There was the sound of gunfire in the distance, echoing down
the length of the tunnels leading to the cavern, but it was long
minutes before she could get to her feet and stand shaking, her
back propped against the stone pillar.
     Jack came back into the cavern, holding Schultz's bag and
grinning. 
     "So who's discovery is it now?" he smiled, holding the bag in
the air and shaking it.

     Weeks later dozens of men were standing around the pillar
listening to Stacie as she lectured them about King Koo Lan and his
clan, and the findings of her explorations into the tunnel complex.
Still, even as she basked in their admiration, she couldn't help
gazing over at the spigot from time to time. Each time she did, her
pussy gave a little twitch.
     She was cured of the terrible fuck longings that the indians
had given her. The steam had done it no doubt. Still, she was
finding that even without it, she was a far happier person when she
had a cock inside her than she ever would have believed possible. 
     Jack was standing in the background behind the crowd and she
gave him a knowing smile, anticipating the fun they would have that
night. He winked in return.
