
                            M+/f+, F+/f+, INC, BEAST

                                    WARNING!

The following story is an uncensored sexual fantasy involving practices that
are illegal, immoral, socially unacceptable, and messy.  Only mature adults
with a firm grasp on reality should venture further.  This story promotes
nothing, and nothing in this story should be taken seriously.  Readers are
cautioned not to attempt any of these acts without professional guidance and a
net.  If you are underage, stand, move away from the console, and unplug the
computer. Reading stories like this can make you go blind. If you are a servant
of the Lord, looking for sinners to convert, study this story and memorize it.
This will help you recognize sinners when you see them. Good luck, and avoid
mirrors!
 
Phil Phantom     
 
                                  "Photo Pro"
                                By Phil Phantom
                             na101532@anon.penet.fi

      Ginger returned from the clinic with a curious gleam in her eye. She set
her purse down and joined her mother at the dining table, saying, "All right,
Mother, the jig is up.  Daddy is not my biological father.  I was rejected as a
donor.  I know enough genetics to know why.  Our blood types can't be related
in one generation.  I'm not upset, but I would like to know who you were
fucking twenty-two years and six months ago."

      "I knew you'd find out one day.  It's not like I tried to keep it a big
secret.  Christ, we didn't meet until I was sixteen."

      "I never knew when you guys met.  I always thought you were childhood
sweethearts that got careless, then married when you were old enough.  I do
have some of his features.  It's no big deal, really; but who was the guy that
got lucky?"

      "Honey, I don't know who your father was, but I can narrow him to a field
of seven men.  Your Grandpa is a prime candidate."

      "That's interesting.  Did he rape you?"

      "No, he didn't rape me.  He did use intimidation, cunning, and deception,
though; and he did screw me two or three times a day during that time."

      "What did he do, exactly?  Come on, I told you about all the things Daddy
did to me.  Maybe I should just call Daddy, Frank, now.  Shit, if her ever gets
a kidney, we could get married."

      "You bore him three kids.  Marrying him seems the decent thing to do."

      "You're still bitter, aren't you?  Look, you divorced him; he didn't
divorce you.  We could have shared."

      "I am not bitter, Ginger.  I am glad you took him off my hands, but I
don't recall you ever offering to share, either.  I went a full year without
sex from him, then I divorced him."

      "You could have gotten laid.  If you ask me, you were prettier and sexier
than I was back then.  I'd say we are even, now, though."

      "True, but I wasn't sixteen and a virgin; besides, who said I wasn't
getting laid?  I just said I hadn't had any from Frank."

      "You are bitter, but come on, tell me about my potential fathers. I am
especially interested in hearing about the other six men who could be my
daddy."

      "Well, you won't learn much about them from me, except for what they did
to me.  I never learned who they were, what they did, or their real names.
They were always Fred, Joe, Jim, Bill, Bob, Phil, and Ed.  Each time I saw
them, they had switched names. Even Daddy assumed a new identity each week.
One week they'd be calling him Phil, the next week, he'd be Bob.  You needed a
score card to keep up, and they damn near drove poor Mom, crazy.  She's
terrible with names, anyway."

      "This has got to be good, I mean, you were thirteen or fourteen at that
time.  At least I waited till I was sixteen.  Come on, tell me about my bad
Grandpa and his band of merry perverts.  I'm in the mood for a juicy sex story.
I haven't had a good poke in over a month."

      "Oh, all right.  If you want a juicy sex story, I'll give you one that
will drown your asshole.  For your information, from the moment they learned I
was pregnant with you, they took me out of school and kept me at home, naked,
with my arms bound behind my back.  I could do nothing for myself.  I was fed,
pottied, enemaed, twat shaved, fucked, sucked, photographed, and mated to dogs
on a daily basis; and all I could do was watch my tits and belly grow."

      "Oh, God, Mother!  I love it.  Tell me the whole story, from the
beginning.  How did it start?"

      "This all started when Daddy got into photography and built a studio out
back.  Mom wanted him to have a hobby after his medical retirement, and she
fully supported his interest in photography.  He went away to schools, took
courses, and invested literally thousands in fancy equipment.

      "One day, he asked me to be his model.  He told me he wanted to take
artistic pictures of me to enter in contests.  I was so flattered, me, an art
photography model.  At first, that's just what they were, art photos.  Though
many involved partial or total nudity, they were tastefully done.  He entered
my pictures in contests and won a few minor awards.  Mom made a big deal out of
the awards and displayed them proudly.  The underground kiddie porn exchange
discovered Daddy long before he received any real recognition.  They wanted
more graphic shots - frontal nudes and beaver shots.  They paid in cash.  Daddy
really got into photography then.  Mom thought it was great that Daddy turned
pro."

      "Mother, this is making me hotter than shit.  I have to masturbate.  I'm
sorry, but I have to."

      "Go right ahead, but don't expect me to look away."  Ginger self-
consciously lifted her short skirt and revealed a bare, shaved, full-lipped,
inflamed pussy right before both hands cupped the lewd sight, and Ginger swung
her legs under the table.  Bonnie said, "No panties.  How convenient."

      "Look if you want to, but don't comment.  Go on with the story! Please!"

      "Give me something to look at, or the story is over."

      "Shit, Mom, I gave you a peek on purpose.  Besides, it's not like you've
never seen it.  You're not turning queer on me, are you?"

      "I've never seen you masturbate; and I am certainly not queer. Bisexual,
yes, but not queer.  Well?"

      "Oh, fuck!  All right."  Ginger swung her legs back to face Bonnie, then
spread her knees wide, lifted the skirt to her middle, and began lewdly
fondling her wet sex, saying, "Does this make you happy?  Can you see
everything all right?"

      "Yes, thank you."  She resumed, "Mom didn't know Daddy had a little home
grown porno business going, and he also had a local clientele.  In her mind,
Daddy was a professional art photographer with an international clientele.  Had
she ever just poked her head in his studio, she'd have known what was going on.
The place was wallpapered with my pornographic pictures.  Those pictures were
in no way tasteful and grew progressively less so. It wasn't long before he had
me doing the splits over a camera lens and using household objects as dildoes.
Anything he thought he could cram up my twat was photographed sticking out of
my beaver from every angle.  I knew we weren't making art, but I enjoyed posing
for nasty pictures.

      "Before long, the weekly sessions took a pornographic turn, and grew
progressively more pornographic as Daddy tried to fill customer requests.  This
trend, I didn't like, but Daddy was a pro at moving me along from one level to
the next, while blaming the escalation on demands of the market place.  In no
time he had me masturbating for the camera.  He had me fucking myself in the
ass with rubber dicks.  He gave me enemas.  He had me sucking his cock within a
month.  He fucked my ass the following month and took my cherry a week later.
I was thirteen at that time, and I prayed Mom would find out what was going on
and put an end to it, because I couldn't.

      "When I stopped protesting, and he knew I wouldn't tell on him, he began
inviting his porno buddies over for photo sessions. They only watched, at
first, but they soon began to use me as well.  This went on all through High
School, and actually continued long after your dad and I were married.

      "Wow, I guess Dad was right; you were getting it on the side."

      "Side, back, front, up-side-down, and in every hole."

      "Cool!  But why did you keep posing for Grandpa after you got married?"

      "Daddy blackmailed me with the pictures he had; and besides, I enjoyed
the variety."

      "So why did you stop?"

      "After I divorced Frank, I didn't care about the blackmail, and I just
got tired of being a sex toy for a bunch of dirty old men. I just quit."

      "Did Grandma ever find out?"

      "Yes, but in a way, no, at least not at first.  The story is long, rather
complicated, and more than a little bizarre.  If you're in a hurry, I'll tell
you about her some other time."

      "No, I've got plenty of time.  I want to hear everything; besides,
Grandma Stevens is my favorite relative.  She's the one who encouraged me to
have sex with Daddy.  I am especially interested in how she ties into this."

      "Well, that doesn't surprise me.  Okay, I will start at the beginning,
but you have to realize that she was not the woman that you know today.   She
made Mary Poppins look like Madonna. Mom was very excited when Daddy and I
began working together, and she cleared three walls in anticipation of creating
a gallery of award-winning photos to go with the plaques and trophies.  When
she saw the first picture to win an award, she blushed and said how nice it
was, then placed the picture in a box.

      "After that, Mom just wanted the awards, not the pictures, and she wanted
noting to do with the studio out back that produced them.  That was fine with
Daddy.  Still, she saw plenty but never acknowledged what she saw for what it
was.  This was my biggest frustration.  Imagine standing before a cop with a
mugger behind you.  The mugger has a gun in your back and is wearing a ski
mask.  You have your hands high, and the cop doesn't notice anything unusual.
That's what my home life was like for me.  Mom either had a classic case of
chronic denial syndrome, or she was the most naive human on Earth.  I never
found out which it was. She played her part well if she was aware from the
start.  I honestly don't think she suspected a thing.  She was way too sweet
and innocent for what was going on, and far too maternal to turn a blind eye."

      "There must have been some close calls."

      "There were many, for any normal person.  To show how naive she was, or
how effective her mental block was, imagine this.  It's two in the morning.  I
am almost fourteen.  I come in through the kitchen door walking stiff and
bowlegged with a small towel wrapped around me.  Daddy is walking behind me
carrying the clothes I'd worn when I went out to the studio with him and six
men earlier that evening.

      "She had just gotten up for a drink of water and unexpectedly met us in
the kitchen.  She eyed me all over, sees my hair mussed and matted with semen,
cum all over my face, trails running down my neck, and gobs of slimy white goo
running down both legs.  She looks to Daddy and says, "Walter, you shouldn't
keep Bonnie up past midnight on a school night.  I don't see why photo art has
to involve such long sessions, or why it has to be so messy."

      "What did she think that mess was?"

      "I don't know, but Daddy told her it was cream to protect me from the hot
lights, and that the container got dropped and splashed me.  She bought this
story and even helped wipe the cream off with a wash rag."

      "Didn't she notice the cream was coming from your pussy?

      "My asshole, too?  And yes, but she didn't say anything about it. She
went right to work and wiped my legs, face, and neck.  Daddy stood by watching
with an amused grin.  He, in fact, suggested she check between my legs and told
her that's where most of the cream went.  She nervously removed the towel and
knelt before me. Daddy reached down and took me by the right ankle, then lifted
my foot high over my head.  I was doing the sideways splits with my beaver in
her face, holding onto his waist.

      "You can imagine the obscene view she had.  She saw how red, open, and
swollen my pussy was.  She must have seen the red hand prints from where they'd
spanked me.  I'm sure she noticed my asshole still stretched and open.  I could
feel gobs of the stuff oozing from both holes.  She dabbed at my pussy, dabbed
at my asshole, then made a wiping pass along my crack.  Daddy was enjoying
himself, and in no hurry to end the game.  He held me in that position for a
good five minutes.  Mom stayed in place and caught each new dribble as it
appeared.  So, you see, Daddy didn't have much to worry about from her."

      "Mom, Grandma had to know.  Nobody is that stupid."

      "I don't know.  I think she refused to see what her eyes were showing
her.  Daddy offered an explanation, a dumb one I'll grant you, but an
explanation.  I think she latched onto his explanation like a life ring thrown
to a drowning woman."

      "Okay, but how did he explain the hand prints on your ass?"

      "He didn't need to.  Daddy had always been a strict disciplinarian.  He'd
spank me on my bare ass with his hand, and sometimes with a belt for the most
minor infractions.  Mom hated seeing him do that to me, so she'd leave the
room.  I suppose she figured I'd given him some back talk during the shoot.
She knew Daddy would be a hard task master to work for."

      "I guess, but I still can't see how she could not put two and two
together."

      "At that time, I don't think she could have dealt with the reality.  She
was into collecting ceramic poodle miniatures, doing needle point, Camp Fire
Girl fund raising, and organizing Tupperware home parties.  I don't think sex
ever entered her mind, and the woman wouldn't say the word shit if she a
mouthful."

      "She will now."

      "Yes, but the woman you know as Grandma is not the same woman that raised
me to the age of fourteen.  I'm telling you, she was living in a world of her
own creation.  In her mind, we lived in Mr. Rogers' neighborhood, and she was
Susie Homemaker who lived by the glen.

      "Daddy went out of his way to make her realize what he'd been doing with
me.  I could see he wanted to turn her world in-side- out, and he found her
denial amusing.  While she was wiping sperm from my twat, he said, 'It looks a
lot like sperm, doesn't it?' She admitted it did.  He said, 'It tastes like
sperm, too.  Taste some.  Go on, it's safe.  Taste it!'  I watched Mom lick
some from her finger.  With a face blushing red, she agreed.  He then said,
'Yeah, by the looks of things, with all that spermy stuff leaking out of her
pussy and asshole, you'd think we were out there fucking her, huh?'

      "Mom blushed a deeper red, but said, 'I thought no such thing.  I do wish
you wouldn't use those words in front of Bonnie.  She's just a child.'

      "I asked Daddy about Mom's strange behavior the following day, and he
said, 'If she don't know what's going on, she's a bigger fool than I thought.
On the other hand, she knows I won't stop, and knows better than to try and
stop me.  She's going to see what she wants to see.'

      "His assessment appeared correct.  There were numerous instances when
she'd see me coming in late and totally naked in the company of dad and several
men, and usually leaking semen down my legs to my heels, making pecker tracks
on her waxed floor as I padded through on bare feet.  I didn't want to believe
she knew what was happening to me but was too intimidated and insecure to say
or do anything about it.  That seemed to be the case, though.

      "Mother, why didn't you just come right out and tell her what they were
doing?"

      "Daddy made me promise not to ever tell a soul."

      "And you felt you had to honor a promise to a child molester."

      "He was my dad, Ginger.  You of all people should know the position I was
in."

      "But I did tell you."

      "Yes, when your belly was so big your clothes wouldn't fit, and you were
too far along to abort.  Keep in mind, at this point we were only two or three
months into the sexual activity, and the sessions with other men present were
only a month old.  I was waiting for Mom to wake up.  I figured nothing would
change, but she'd at least get me on the pill or insist they use rubbers."

      "Okay, Mom, you're right.  I can see where your head was.  I still don't
understand hers, though."

      "I didn't either.  I tried to rationalize her behavior.  I knew she was
very gullible and naive, and she knew art photography involved nude modeling
and was a respectable field.  She thought Daddy's cronies were art people and
photography experts and that seeing me naked was necessary and essential.  I
think she figured they thought nothing of seeing a nude child model."

      "Could you just walk around the house, naked, with men there?"

      "Not at first, but after that late night scene in the kitchen, Daddy
thought it was cool to flaunt their activities in front of her.  The men
thought the game was fun, too.  The sessions would start in the house and go to
the studio only after everyone arrived.  Daddy decided I should wait naked.
He'd have me stripped and sitting on the table before the first man arrived.

      "Mom wasn't happy about Daddy stripping me in the house, but she remained
quiet about it and even served coffee.  The men would gather around our large
oval dining table and drink coffee for thirty minutes to an hour before going
out to the studio.  They would gather again for an after-shoot beer and bull
session that sometimes lasted into the early morning.  Mom joined these
sessions, but she kept a low profile whenever photo business was being prepared
or discussed.

      "While waiting for everyone to arrive, the men talked photography,
discussing the upcoming shoot with their attention focused on me.  I was, after
all, sitting naked in the center of the fucking table.  They discovered that
even if they touched me openly in intimate areas, Mom wouldn't raise an
eyebrow.  They kept pushing the limits, trying to get her to crack.  Daddy
encouraged them to try and assured them that whatever her complaint was, he
could smooth things over.

      "At first, they posed me in what they called aesthetic poses, discussing
my photogenic qualities.  They also discussed lighting and shadow for the
upcoming shoot.  They played their roles to the hilt and used all kinds of
technical lingo that no one understood.  They also used clinical terms for my
female body parts.

      "I suppose, to Mom, the strange pre-shoot warmup routine looked proper
and professional.  Even when they made me sit back and expose a spread beaver,
or used their fingers to trace shadow and highlight areas on my pussy lips.
She might blush, look away, go after coffee, but she never raised an
objection."

      Ginger made a face of disbelief and said, "Mom, that's incredible.  She
watched men touching your pussy and never said anything about that?  She had to
be in on it."

      "No, not then she wasn't.  There would be no reason to hide.  I'd be the
only one she was hiding that fact from, and she didn't need to hide from me.  I
was no threat to anyone at that point. I was whipped.  I totally accepted my
lot in life."

      "She had to be suspicious."

      "No, not even when their attentions centered more and more on my intimate
anatomy.  By the way they acted, you'd think art photography was the art of
photographing a young girl's beaver. This was typical.  A guy would be toying
with my clit while Mom asked him if he cared for a warm-up for his coffee.  The
closest she got to objecting was when a guy stuck his finger up my ass. He
didn't keep that finger still, either.  He finger fucked my asshole with Mom
looking on.  She meekly said, 'Is that really necessary?'  Daddy said, 'That's
called rectal enhancement. Probing the rectum produces a prominence and
swelling in the sphincter muscle which results in better shadow effects, dear.'
Her response was, 'Oh.'"

      Ginger said, "Oh?  You've got to be kidding.  This could be a comedy if
the story were halfway believable.  I think you're jerking my chain, Mother."

      "I'm not kidding.  This is all true, I swear to you.  To top it off, she
apologized for questioning the man's motives.  She said, 'I'm so sorry.  Every
time I think something bad is going on, there turns out to be a perfectly
rational explanation.  As you can tell, I know nothing about this field.'"

      "Oh, that's rich, Mother.  How did anyone keep a straight face?"

      "They didn't, and she was always asking, 'What's so funny?' The next time
we had a session, they laid me out on the dining table with my knees drawn up
and pulled back.  I had a man holding each leg wide and pressed down on the
table top.  Mom came over to see what was up and looked shocked to see me in
such a vulgar and vulnerable position.  Another man stepped up and started
masturbating me, feeling my pussy all over, poking his fingers deep inside,
rubbing and pinching my clit, pulling on my clit, in fact.  At one point, he
had his two middle fingers thrust in to the palm, demonstrating to Mom that I
was no virgin. Mom stood by and watched him do this and finally asked in a
concerned voice, 'What is the purpose in doing that to her?'

      "Daddy says, 'It's like the anal stimulation technique. Massaging the
vagina brings out the vaginal highlights by stimulating blood flow.  This makes
the vagina blossom into full prominence and produces the best photo effects
when combined with proper lighting.  What were you thinking, Beth?  Dirty
thoughts again.'

      "Mom said, 'Oh, no!  Absolutely not.  I was not questioning the practice.
I knew what he was doing to Bonnie had to be for a good reason.  I was just
curious, that's all.'"

      "Mother, I think Grandma was jerking your chain.  That would be just like
her, too."

      "That's possible, but totally out of character for her back then. You
could read the genuine anxiety in her face when she saw something inappropriate
going on, but as soon as any explanation was offered, relief flooded over her.
I doubt she could act that well, even now."

      "I sure wish I knew her back then.  I'm sorry, Mother, but this strikes
me as extremely funny, besides being a super turn on."

      "It gets funnier then, so stick around.  Before we go on, though, get
naked."

      "WHAT?  Oh Mom!"

      "Get naked, or we stop here."

      "FUCK!"  Ginger got to her feet and quickly went about divesting herself
of all clothing, saying, "I think you are becoming queer for me.  God, this is
going to be so weird."

      "You have a terrific body, Ginger.  Why keep it under cover when you are
jerking off.  And, I do love those firm, sweet titties of yours."

      Ginger kicked off her shoes and stood naked for a few seconds before
returning to her seat.  She said, "Look, but no touching. I don't have a queer
bone in my body, Mother, so don't get any ideas."

      "Ginger, do you know why I never made a fuss about you and Frank getting
it on?"

      "I don't know.  I just figured you were afraid to say anything to him.
Why didn't you?"

      "For one thing, I couldn't blame Frank.  For another, I was hoping the
two of you would become uninhibited.  I was hoping I'd see you two fucking, and
see you going about the house naked. That's also why I surrendered my marital
bed to you and took your room."

      "That was so cool.  I felt like the wife, and you were like our live-in
maid.  That's what I pretended you were.  That's also why I never lifted a
finger around the house after I moved in with Dad.  The other kids were so
jealous, especially Cindy.  Mark and Steve hated me, but they were still
getting off on the situation. You got your wish, though.  We fucked all over
that house, and I hardly ever wore anything, even at the dinner table.  It
wasn't the same after the divorce and you moved out last year.  By the way,
Cindy is two months pregnant.  You should stop by and see her.  A pregnant
fourteen-year-old needs her mommy.  You, of all people, should relate to that."

      "I can't say I'm surprised.  She can still get an abortion this early.
I'll pay for it if she wants one."

      She wants an abortion, but Daddy won't let her get one.  I don't want her
to have one either.  Mark and Steve want to watch her belly get big, so you'd
be the only one."

      "Well, I wouldn't want to spoil everyone's fun.  Cindy's going to have a
baby."

      "Great!  You're the best, but quit staring at my tits with that hungry
look.  You're not getting any, so forget it."

      "I guess you've heard enough, then."

      "Oh, Jesus.  Oh, all right.  What do you want?"

      "Bring them here.  Let me have a suck and nibble of those fine titties."

      Ginger made a pained face, but stood and came up to her mother. She bent
at the waist and brought her right tit to Bonnie's lips. Bonnie teased and
sucked the hard nipple while molding and massaging the breast.  Ginger's heavy
breathing betrayed how she really felt.  She offered the other tit immediately
when Bonnie eased off the right one.  When both tits were done, Ginger returned
to her seat wearing a full body blush.  She was speechless."

      Bonnie appeared unaffected.  She casually resumed her story, saying,
"After the session, when they gathered around the dining table, I served them
as a naked waitress.  They even went so far as to have me wear spike high heels
- only the spike heels.  Mom always joined them for a beer or two.  Their hands
were all over me as I tottered around the table pouring beer in their glasses."

      "Yes, I love it.  Naked is much better for frigging off.  Look all you
want, Mother.  I could care less."

      Bonnie smiled and resumed, "After a shoot, cum would leak out of me for
an hour, so the insides of my legs stayed wet and shiny. I made a point of
giving Mom good looks at my inner thighs and shiny wet ass as I made my way
around the table.  I also kept any marks I had on me in plain sight.  In
particular, I wanted her to see the marks made by alligator clips that they
often placed on my nipples, clit, or labia lips.  Those damn things left bright
red teeth imprints that lasted for days.  Right after a shoot, the angry marks
were positively unmistakable as to what caused them.

      "No matter how brazen I was in my efforts to show what they'd done to me,
my efforts were in vein.  Mom either looked away or pretended not to see.  I
filled as many glasses as I could by getting in next to Mom and leaning out
with a leg raised to counter balance me.  She had to see.  There were times
when my nearest nipple was in her face, and I'd get sperm on her knees from my
wet thighs."

      Ginger offered, "That's unreal.  She had to be suspicious, at least."

      "I'm sure she was, but she never let on.  Her demeanor never changed.
She never even commented on those ridiculous spike heels I had to wear.  She
observed everything but saw nothing. Her eyes would lite on a man's finger
going up my twat or on my nipple being twisted in a vise-like grip into gross
distortion. She'd take in the sight, then jerk her eyes away.  She got a peek
at everything, but would not stare.

      "When Mom began joining in on the after-shoot bullshit sessions, acting
totally at ease, laughing at their crude jokes, and ignoring all the
finger-fucking, ass slapping, tit squeezing, and nipple twisting that was a
constant, the guys began treating her as one of the guys.  Abuse followed me
where ever I went, and Mom was as likely as anyone to slap my bright red fanny
or tweak a sore nipple as I passed by.  When Mom started abusing me, that
really freaked me out, mostly because she was still in denial, and still her
regular self."

      Ginger sat forward, still playing with her pussy, and said, "Okay, how do
you explain her behavior at those bullshit group gropes.  If she wasn't an
active partner in crime, who explained away the crude behavior at those bull
sessions?  What they were doing had nothing whatsoever to do with photography."

      "Actually, she explained it away.  That was the only time she took me
aside and discussed anything related to my sexual abuse. After the men left and
Daddy turned in, she came to me in my bedroom.  She sat on my bed and stroked
my hair, then told me not to let their crude behavior bother me.  She said that
men were just grown-up boys when they got together over beer, and that they act
silly and nasty, and that this conduct was something we women had to learn to
accept about them.  She said that even professionals will act like drunk
sailors when they decide to unwind, and that's all it was.  She said, "I'm just
trying to fit in and make them feel comfortable.  I didn't want you to think I
enjoyed treating you that way, sweetheart."

      Ginger said, "She rationalized finger fucking and tit torture."

      "Keep in mind that she'd accepted finger fucking as a professional act
done as part of a warm-up to a photo shoot. Except for nipple twisting and
fanny slaps, they weren't doing anything at their bullshit session that they
hadn't already done on the table earlier.  The only difference was, the
pre-shoot warm-up activities were a professional act; whereas the things they
did to me at the bullshit session was men just being playful and crude.  She
felt she needed to explain and console me about the latter, but never brought
up the former."

      "What about the nipple torture?"

      "She never mentioned anything about those marks made by the alligator
clips; but personally, I think those blood red marks, more than anything else,
helped break down her wall of denial. She was trying to fit alligator clips
into her new world order, but she couldn't make them fit."

      "I didn't think you could explain her behavior away, but I suppose if a
person were trying to rationalize away the irrational, that would do it."

      "It did for her, anyway, and I truly believe she was sincere. That was
when I first noticed her changing.  She was shifting from denial to
rationalization, and her personality was changing as a result.  You could see
the stress she was under as her world of denial crumbled around her.  She was
very relieved when I told her I understood.  She let out a big sigh of relief
and said, 'I'm so glad you understand.  I just want to fit in with the group,
Bonnie, and you saw how excited the guys got when I slapped your fanny and
called you a little trollop.  You were being such a good sport about all the
abuse they were dishing out.  I figured a little slap and pinch here and there
couldn't hurt.  It meant so much to them to know I wasn't an old fuddy duddy
sitting in judgement of them having a little harmless fun with my little
girl.'"

      Ginger took renewed interest, sitting up, saying, "Wow, Mother, that
tells me a great deal.  When she could no longer deny what was happening, she
had to rationalize.  That's all she had to fall back on."

      "Exactly, and I understood, even at that age.  I had to reassure her
several more times that I understood completely, and that I thought nothing of
her slaps and nipple twists; which, by the way, were as hard and cruel as the
guys were doing.  She really laid it on after she won their approval.  She hurt
me, and she knew it.  She needed to hear me tell her that her abuse of me was
okay, and I told her several times before she could accept that.

      "Weeks earlier, Daddy gave me permission to answer truthfully to any
question Mom posed, but said I couldn't volunteer any information.  There were
times, after a photo shoot, that she'd even seen angry red welts made by a
whip.  These lasted throughout the week, and I'd do my best to keep them on
display throughout the week.  She never commented on them, so when she asked
for my okay, I took another stab at getting through to her, saying, 'You can't
hurt me, Mom.  My breasts, nipples, and vagina are accustomed to very rough
treatment.  I am tough as nails, now, so do whatever you feel you need to do to
make our guests comfortable.  I won't mind, honest.'  I added, 'Also, you can
call me any name in the book.  I know you are only saying those things to fit
in and be one of the guys.  You have to verbally abuse me and physically abuse
me if you want to be accepted as one of them."

      Ginger said, "Don't tell me she didn't catch that hint."

      "She did, but she didn't want to hear what I had to say.  She just
thanked me again and told me what a trooper I was."

      "That pretty much told you where she stood on the physical abuse though,
didn't it?"

      "Yes, but I knew she wouldn't try to stop the beatings and physical
torments.  She'd known for some time that they were working me over in that
studio.  She could have attempted to stop them long ago, but didn't.  No, I was
hoping to start a dialog that would lead to a full disclosure, exposing all the
perverted activity.  I still thought, at that point, that she might curtail or
severely restrict the intercourse if she were confronted with the fact that
they were fucking me without protection.  I still wanted birth control and felt
certain she'd insist on that much, at least.  I did lose faith in that
conviction after our talk, though.  I didn't think she was capable of drawing
any lines.
  
      "Having Mom join their bull sessions was a major breakthrough for them,
and their nasty little game took a radical leap after she joined in the abuse.
In the studio, they had a good laugh over their successes.  Daddy told them
that he bet they could fuck me and get Mom to go along.  They bet money on it
and selected a volunteer to try at the next session.  They wanted to see anal
and vaginal sex, with orgasm, right in front of Mom.  Daddy already had Mom in
the habit of giving me my enemas prior to a shoot, so my asshole would be ready
for a big cock.  He told her he wanted my colon clean to flatten my abdomen.
She gave me enemas until I shit clear water.

      "At the next session, Mom stood close by and watched everything. She
obviously felt welcome, because she used to hang back out of the way.  I was
laid out on the table like a lab frog and getting both my ass and pussy
fingered by several of the men at once, a gang finger bang that looked anything
but professional.  Two others played roughly with my titties.  Mom appeared
comfortable with what they were doing and would smile from time to time to let
them know she wasn't bothered.  I remember her saying, 'Boy, that ought to get
her blood flowing, for sure.'

      "Someone said, 'You know, the French use the natural technique. They will
only use a real penis for anal and vaginal enhancement. They do get amazing
results, you've got to admit that.'  Another one added, 'They are the world's
best.  They must know something we don't.'  Another said, "That's how DuPree
won the Googleheim. He used the French method with a model younger than
Bonnie.'

      "Daddy said, 'Well, damnit, I'm not willing to play second fiddle to a
bunch of Frenchies.  Honey, I want to try this French technique with Bonnie.
She wants to be the best.  She has worked hard to be the best.  I'm sure she's
willing to do anything it takes, but I want your okay if we're going to go all
the way with her.'

      "Mom said, 'I don't understand.  What do you mean, go all the way?'  He
says, 'Go all the way, dear, as in use a real penis the way it's supposed to be
used, the natural way to stimulate a vagina.'  'Oh my,' she says as they all
stared, waiting to hear her reply.  I was waiting as anxiously as they were,
because this was my chance to get on the pill.

      "Mom agonized over her response, but finally said, 'Well, this is your
profession.  I suppose you know what's best.  I'm sure you'll be careful and
take precautions.  If Bonnie is willing, and you want to try this French
method, I guess you'll need privacy.'"
  
      Ginger folded her arms and sat back, though keeping her knees wide,
saying, "Okay, Mom.  This has got to be where Grandma gets on board.  By no
stretch can any rational human being rationalize that crock, and why must you
stare at my cunt like that?"

      "Why not?  Honey, keep in mind that for two weeks she'd been watching me
getting fingers and dildoes shoved deep in my ass and cunt.  A live penis was
no great escalation by then.  She had to know I had no hymen.  Daddy was a pro
at bringing you along one baby step at a time.  If they'd pulled that shit just
one week earlier, I know she would have freaked out.  I wasn't surprised at
all; besides, this group was our social circle.  We had no other friends.  She
wanted to be part of their group.  She certainly didn't want to act the spoiler
when what they were asking for wasn't that big a deal."

      "I suppose, but I'm sure she knew the score."

      "She did, and she remained anxious after Daddy's explanation.  I could
tell she wasn't buying the French method.  Anyway, Daddy said, 'Honey, these
men are professionals in this field.  Modesty is not an issue.  Aesthetics is
all that matters.  You should stay; you're part of the team.  You needn't be
embarrassed, and you may be able to assist.  We are going to do this right, or
not at all, right guys?'

      "All of that crap he was shoveling her way was just to introduce those
five words: you're part of the team.  He knew exactly what she needed to hear
to get her to go along with their transparent scheme.  He was a real pro at
manipulation, Ginger.  They all sounded off with affirmatives without ever
asking me how I felt about the plan.  The volunteer stood, brought out his
eight-inch stiff cock, and stroked the shaft.  They slid me to the table's
edge, and he placed the head of his cock at my pussy with Mom standing right
beside him.  He rubbed that throbbing cock around the wet opening of my twat,
while Mom stared with eyes wide, her hand covering her mouth.

      "Under her intense scrutiny, he went right in to his balls after a brief
period of stirring my juices, proving that I had no hymen.  He fucked my pussy
in long deep strokes, as Mom stared in open-mouthed awe.  I tried hard not to
show so much as a flinch or let out a tiny grunt.  I clearly demonstrated that
my pussy was no stranger to his eight-inch cock.  Mom's eyes were riveted to my
stuffed pussy getting fucked by the only cock she'd seen other than Daddy's
six-incher.  He screwed me hard for a few minutes, then dropped down to my
asshole.  Once in position, he grasped my hips and pulled until the head popped
in."

      Ginger attacked her cunt with renewed vigor and cried out, "Fucking a
little girl's ass, right in front of her mother.  I love it!"

      "Mom was truly amazed by what she saw.  Butt fucking was not in her
vocabulary or life experience.  She seemed fascinated by the sight of a big
dick penetrating my asshole without so much as a grunt from me.  He began a
fucking motion and soon had six inches sawing in and out of my well-conditioned
asshole.  Daddy said, 'It's working.  I can see a difference guys.'  This is
the secret all right.  Keep that up.  Go all the way in.  Don't hold back;
you're getting there.'  He slid right in to the balls.

      "He was actually screwing eight inches of cock in your ass and she said
nothing?"

      "Not a word.  I swear.  Not only that, after Daddy's encouraging words,
the guy slammed into my ass and began fucking me hard and fast until he came -
half in, and half out of my ass.  Quite a bit of cum was deliberately shot
right at my wide open pussy crack, as one of the guys reached over and pulled
my cunt lips open for him.  Daddy explained the cum shot away as an
occupational hazard that was unavoidable and to be expected.  He asked for
another volunteer as Mom went dashing for a rag.

      "Another guy stepped up, drew out a larger cock, and inserted the head in
my spermy pussy before Mom could wipe off the cum.  He pumped his shaft and
rubbed my clit, pushed the head in, drew back out, then rubbed the head through
my slit.  He got his cock good and wet with the other guy's sperm, then shoved
his cock in. He gradually pushed all the way in as Mom made an anguished face."

      "That's beautiful, just fucking beautiful!"

      "So is your cunt, Ginger.  Do you think you can get your legs any farther
apart?"

      "The splits aren't wide enough for you?  What's the matter; you can't
quite see my tonsils?"

      "Get smart with me, Ginger, and the story ends here."

      "I'm sorry!  I'm real, real sorry.  Please don't stop now!"

      Bonnie smiled knowingly, then said, "He fucked me hard for a good ten
minutes.  Daddy said, 'If you feel like you are going to ejaculate, try to pull
out and deposit the stuff where it won't cause a problem.  She's just a child,
and she's not on the pill.' Minutes later, he came in my pussy after stepping
up his efforts to reach a climax, pulling our loins tightly together for the
cum shot, grunting with each jet he squirted in my womb."

      "Oh, Yes!  Cream the little girl's womb while Mommy watches helplessly.
Too much!"

      "Mom wasn't exactly helpless.  She could have ended their game if she'd
pitched a bitch.  She appeared visibly shaken by this blatant disregard for the
rules she and Daddy sorta laid down. When he withdrew, she wiped angrily at the
sperm seeping out from my abused pussy hole, then looked to Daddy to chastise
the vulgar man.  Daddy said, 'Oh well, accidents happen.'  When she heard Daddy
blow it off so casually, she instantly stopped her angry display and simply
patted the rag to my twat."

      "Do you mean she had nothing to say to this man after he intentionally
shot his wad in you?"

      "All she said was, 'Let's try not to have anymore accidents.' The next
guy pulled out but came on my twat.  Mom got a clean rag to wipe up the mess,
but the guy wouldn't get out of the way. While she waited patiently, he
remained in place and used his wilting dick to play in his sperm.  Before long,
he was stuffing sperm inside.  He took his time and didn't stop until his dick
gave out.  She then wiped up what little was left outside, while the men
watched with amused grins."

      "Uh!  Oh!  Oh yes!"

      "She stepped aside for the next guy and went to rinse the rag. He made no
attempt to avoid cumming in my twat.  He actually announced that he was about
to cum, then pulled himself in tight to put his load deep.  Mom mopped what
seeped out and stepped aside for another who did the same thing, only with more
exaggerated flair, grunting and pumping his sperm deep.  After he finished
cumming, he remained lodged inside, plugging his load of sperm until his dick
went soft."

      "Oh!  Oh!  More!"

      "The next guy tried to top that.  He spent the whole time jacking off
while rubbing the head of his cock in my spermy cunt lips. When he was ready to
cum, he announced the fact, then centered his cock at my pussy hole.  He put
the head in and pumped his load out with his fist jacking the shaft."

      "Oh, God, I'm going to cum!"

      "Daddy was last and determined to top everyone.  He put the head of his
cock in my cunt, than placed Mom's hand on his shaft and asked her to do her
thing.  Mom got into the job after an uncomfortable start.  She obviously knew
her business, because she knew exactly how to pace the strokes.  Mom's fist
banged against my sloppy twat as she brought Daddy off.  She milked Daddy's
spend into my overflowing snatch."

      "Oh Jesus!  OH JESUS!  Oh God, I'm cumming.  I'm cumming sooooo good."

      Bonnie waited until she had Ginger's attention once again, then said.
"I've seen you cum a hundred times, so don't hold your breath waiting for
applause.  That was fair."

      "I'll try harder next time.  I'm ready for another one.  You know me, my
second cum is always better than my first."

      Bonnie resumed, "When he finished, Mom cleaned me thoroughly and stepped
aside.  Daddy said, 'Now look at that dear.  See what a difference using a real
penis can do?  Look how flushed and alive her parts are.  Look how her anus has
opened and blossomed.  See how her Vagina is full and open like an orchid.'

      "She said, unconvincingly, 'Yes, I see what you mean.  If that's what
makes a good picture, then you should get some good ones.  I better take her
into the bathroom and douche her vagina real good to wash out the accidents.'

      "Daddy said, 'There's no time for that.  Besides, I wouldn't want to
tamper with perfection.  Pregnancy is a risk we'll just have to take.'"

      "Grandma must have freaked at this."

      "No, but this is where she seems to have caught on and accepted the
inevitable.  I thought I detected friendly sarcasm in her voice when she said,
'Well, I suppose.  I'm glad I bit my tongue, now.  Boy, I sure would have felt
foolish if I had voiced what I was thinking.  I'm ashamed to even tell you
gentlemen, but I actually thought you were trying to get my daughter pregnant.
I feel so silly, now.  You will get no further questions from me. I've learned
my lesson.'

      "The funny part was, after saying they had no time, they lounged around
for an hour with my ass propped up on two cushions to prevent the sperm from
coming out.  They even had Mom get the cushions and do the propping.  She was
puzzled by their odd request, even more puzzled at their lack of haste.  She
said she wouldn't question them again, and they tested her.  She passed the
test.

      "Mom's brow wrinkled when someone stuck his finger in my cunt, stirred
the six loads I had in my vaginal well, and said, 'Just in case she is
ovulating, we ought to give everyone's sperm an even chance at the egg, huh?
May the best man win.'

      "Mom didn't find that a bit funny.  He got no courtesy laugh and the
closest thing to a scowl she gives.  Later, Mom came around with the coffee
pot, and Daddy said, "I think she is ready for another stir, dear.  Would you
mind?'

      "She looked dumbly at him and said, 'You mean put my finger in there?'
He said, 'Yes, and stir clockwise.'  Mom set the pot down and timidly inserted
her index finger.  I could feel her slender feminine finger moving around in my
twat as she said, 'Like this?'  Here,let me show you, Ginger."

      With that, Bonnie reached for Ginger's pussy, but was block by both of
Ginger's hands.  Ginger said, "Mother, no.  No touching, remember?"

      "Fine.  The end."

      "Oh, fuck, not that again.  All right, god damnit!  Show me."

      "Get up on the table and lie back.  I'll get the cushions."

      "Oh Shit!"

      Ginger climbed onto the table and reclined with her legs hanging off the
edge.  Bonnie brought two sofa cushions and made Ginger pull her legs up and
over her head.  Bonnie propped the cushions under the small of Ginger's back,
then said, "Now relax but keep your knees out wide.  Keep your twat straight
up.  That's my girl.  Okay, you've just been screwed by seven men; six came in
your twat and you are one juicy Lucy.  Here's what she did."

      Bonnie inserted her right index finger and stirred clockwise, saying,
"My, but you are one creamy-twatted bitch, aren't you?"

      "Yes.  Are you done now?"

      "What's the matter?  Does my finger remind you of Frank's peter?"

      "He is not that small, Mother."

      "How would you know?  You've never been fucked by a real cock." Bonnie
drew her finger out, then lightly flicked Ginger's clit, saying, "You sure have
a cute little pussy, Ginger.  Cute enough to eat with a spoon.  Fucking Frank
has done one thing for you; you're still as tight as a virgin."

      "Mother, please.  I don't want to get into that scene with you, not even
on the receiving end.  I told you, I am 100% straight. Even if I did feel like
trying girl/girl sex, it would not be with my own mother."

      "Suit yourself, but I wasn't offering to suck your twat for you. I just
said it was cute enough to eat with a spoon.  Do you see a spoon n my hand?
You can get down, now."

      Ginger eased down from the table and resumed her seat.  This time, she
did not start right in masturbating, but sat with her knees together, eager to
hear more.

      Bonnie said, "Play with your pussy, Ginger.  Make me a good spread.  Yes,
just like that.  In fact, that's what Daddy said when Mom asked if she was
doing it right.  He said, 'Yeah, just like that.  A minute should do.'  She
stirred the sperm while the guys suppressed smirks.  She was called to stir the
well five more times before we headed out to the studio.  In the studio, they
broke up into fits of laughter, mocking her, and repeating the things she said
and did."

      "Did she get you on the pill?"

      "She never mentioned it.  I don't know why unless she thought that a
thorough pussy washing would suffice, or whether Daddy nixed the idea.
 
      "When we emerged from the studio, an hour later, Mom had the mugs on the
table ready for the customary bull session.  While in the studio, they decided
to place a few welts on my ass and tits. They rarely hit me with the whip - two
or three across my ass was about all they ever did.  They weren't really into
the S&M scene, but they had all the gear, and filled requests from time to
time. This time, they put at least a dozen welts on my ass, tits, belly, and
thighs.  Mom never saw anything like that before.  I took the whipping without
complaint, hoping this would shock her out of her complacency.

      "She surprised us by her lack of reaction.  If what they'd done upset
her, she kept her feelings in check.  I did notice that she did not loosen up
as fast as the last time we met, but after three mugs of beer, she relaxed
considerably and focused her attentions on my welts when I came near.  She'd
trace the lines with her finger while making some crude comment about me
misbehaving during the shoot.  Later, after her fourth beer, she'd drag a
fingernail along a welt to watch me wince before delivering a hard slap on the
welt.  She ended up tracing and slapping every welt I had, and would finger my
ass and pussy as the guys did."

      Ginger giggled and said, "I'm sorry, Mom, but this shit really turns me
on.  Frank is still into spanking and belt whippings, but Cindy is his favorite
target, now.  I still get off on a good spanking, but watching Cindy get it
with a belt, buck naked, is better.  I can picture Grandma trying to impress
the guys after you told her that she can't hurt you.  I'll bet you wished you'd
thought that over more carefully."

      "That's an understatement, Ginger.  I'm like you, though.  I respond to a
good ass whipping, even some of their torture devices made me hot.  Pain
administered by someone who knows what they're doing can be a terrific
experience, but Mom did not know what she was doing.  No one ever hurt me as
badly as Mom did, and I felt obligated not to cry or even cry out.  Another
thing, when the guys fingered me, they never made a big deal about doing it.
They'd reach over, slip a finger in, hold me in place by my pussy or asshole,
then slip out and let me move on.  Mom, on the other hand, was vulgar.  She
made sure everybody saw where her finger went, then she'd fuck her stiff finger
in and out, giggling, or saying something like, 'Oh, it feels all gooey in
there,' or, 'We must stir this up so the best man wins,' or, 'Oops, can't make
a baby in there; it's full of poo poo.'"

      "Oh, that's beautiful!  She was making a real ass of herself, wasn't
she?"

      "A huge ass, Ginger.  Hell, I was embarrassed for her.  After all I'd
been through, I found her antics the most vulgar and childish of all.  She was
trying so hard to fit in.  She was really pathetic.  What ever maternal
feelings she had for me seemed to go right out the window after four beers.
She returned to her old self the next day, though.  Still, I knew she'd throw
me to the wolves when they returned the following week."

      "I'm curious; how did she act the next day?  I mean, after what she'd
witnessed and done to you, how could she be her old self?"

      "She wasn't her old self like she'd been months earlier, or even a week
earlier.  She knew they were simply dirty old men molesting her child, but she
also knew there wasn't a damn thing she could or would do about it.  By this
time, she was beyond denial and rationalizing, beginning a phase of acceptance.
To speed this phase along, Daddy made me remain naked at all times while in the
house.  He also took me where and when he pleased, which was always where Mom
would see.  Furthermore, she had to see my welts constantly, so she could never
put that night out of her mind.  She handled the transition by simply not
talking about it.

      "When the guys showed up the following week, they started right in
fucking me.  Mom never lifted an eyebrow when they spermed my womb.  She
stirred the well between fucks and didn't wipe anything but the table after
they finished with me.  The guys spent the entire time in the studio preparing
me for the bull session to follow.

      "For this bull session, they dressed me in one of the S&M theme costumes.
In addition to the five-inch spike heels, I wore large weave fishnet hose, a
leather garter belt, and a push-up matching leather metal-studded bra that
presented my exposed nipples.  My nipples had alligator clips on them with
beaded bangles dangling from each.  In addition, my clit was pulled out and
clamped tightly in a wide spring clamp that they molded into the base of a
giant India rubber cock that hung past my knees.  This carefully detailed
imitation cock was so obscene, especially dangling between my legs, swinging
like an elephant's trunk, tugging on my clit with every step.  I suppose they
wanted to demonstrate what sort of photography they were doing."

      "What a sight that must have made.  This just gets better and better."

      "They didn't stop there, either.  They covered my body in lewd graffiti:
vulgar messages, nasty cartoons, crudely-drawn replicas of genitalia, cocks
shooting thick ropes of sperm, a girl sucking off a pony, a big dog fucking a
very pregnant child named Bonnie. Mom was visibly stunned when she saw me, but
tried hard not to show it.  Her face was redder than I thought possible as she
watched me hobble toward the table with a pitcher of beer.  The men took seats
and carried on as though this were a regular bull session.  They ignored me for
the most part, but Mom's eyes never left my body.  She could not take her eyes
off of me.  She strained to read every word written, and visually devoured
every drawing, especially the doggie scenes which were rather well- done.

      "I saw her gradually adjust to my bizarre condition and giggle when Daddy
took hold of my cock and made me dance in place on my tip toes as the guy
behind me repeatedly slapped my bare ass hard, making a loud crack with each
fall of his hand.  I moved around the table with guys tormenting my nipples,
pulling on the clamps until my tits were pulled out thin at the ends.  My ass
took a beating as I made my way toward Mom.  By the time I got to her, she was
visibly aroused and eager to get hold of me.  I knew I'd get no reprieve from
her."

      "Oh, god, Mother, I need something to fuck myself with.  I know you must
have a dildoe."

      "In my night stand, top drawer, hurry."

      Less than a minute later, Ginger plopped back in her seat with the clamp
dong her mother had described in the story.  She declared, "Oh, Mother, I love
it.  When we're finished, you simply must clamp this fucker on my clit and let
me walk around."

      "It will be my pleasure, sweetheart."

      "Please continue."

      "Go easy.  I know you're not used to one a third that big.  Okay, I
arrived at Mom's place and she grabbed my nipple clamps, pulling me around by
them to stand between her parted knees.  She tortured my tits by pulling those
bangles to better read what was written on and under my tits.  She'd read aloud
some nasty witticism, then berate me for being a nasty child.  She'd swat my
ass or slap my tit flesh, read another, and slap me again.  She acted as though
I wrote that shit on my body.  The men howled, which only drove her on.

      "She tired of slapping me after reddening me from my knees to my
shoulders.  She took me by the cock, hoisting me to the table top.  She made me
recline before her as she turned her chair to face my spread beaver.  She
pushed my legs back and told me to hold them wide open.  The men sat forward,
eager to see what she was up to.  Mom unclamped the cock and laid it on my
belly with the head between my tits, then rudely pulled my cunt lips open and
peered inside my hole, saying, 'Have you been letting these men fuck you out
there in that studio, Bonnie?'

      "I said, 'Yes, Mommy.'  She says, 'Oh, you nasty child.  You nasty little
whore.'  She then gave my clit a hard shake and tug while pinching with her
nails dug in, saying, "Oh, you are a nasty little whore, you are.'  She probed
my anus with her finger and said, 'And did you let them put their cocks in
here, too?'  I said, 'Yes, Mommy, there too.'  She slapped my ass hard and
cried, 'You filthy slut, you, letting grown men fuck you in the ass.  No doubt
you sucked on their cocks, didn't you?  You sucked their cocks till they
ejaculated in your mouth, didn't you?  You sucked and swallowed their sperm
right from their balls, didn't you?  Didn't you, you cock sucking whore!'
'Yes, lots of times, Mommy.  They've been fucking me and making me suck their
cocks for over a month.'

      She said, 'I'm not the least surprised, and I don't blame them one bit.
I'm sure you led them on.  I've been watching you closely.  You are getting
exactly what you deserve.  If you think I'm going to stand in their way, you
have another thing coming, young lady.  I'm going to see that you serve these
gentlemen properly like a good little cock sucking whore should.  I'll see that
you beg for cock, and you'll beg them to squirt their sperm in your pussy where
it belongs.'

      "She took the rubber dong and fitted the head to my asshole, then worked
that huge cock in until only two inches remained sticking out while saying,
'And when they fuck your asshole, you'll beg them to pull out and cum in your
pussy where the sperm might do some good.'  She then pulled me to my feet and
smacked my ass, saying, 'We need more beer.  Get busy, slut!'"

      "OH!  YES!"

      "Their laughter rang in my ears as I shuffled to the kitchen. This turned
into an all nighter, and I was thoroughly screwed in every hole before the sun
rose.  Mom tucked me in.  In parting, she dug in my sperm-filled pussy, took
out a sopping wet hand, and smeared the mess over my mouth, saying, 'I meant
what I said. You're going to be a good little whore for our friends, aren't
you?'  Naturally, I nodded.  Hell, I already was.  You couldn't get much
better.  I licked her fingers clean, then she left smiling."

      "Oh FUCK ME!  Oh Mother fuck me!  Oh shit, Christ, DAMN!  I'm
cummingggggggggg!  Uh...uh...oh, oh, ahhh!  Ahhh."

      Ginger took longer to recover.  When her eyes opened, Bonnie said, "Not
bad.  We're almost finished.  Wanna stop here?"

      "No, go on."

      "After that, our photo sessions always began with a gang bang in front of
Mom.  They dropped all pretense of professional conduct. The men actually
stripped naked from the start, parading around, stroking their erections, and
placing me in obscene positions for screwing, butt fucking, or cock sucking,
sometimes, all three at once.  They also stopped using clinical terms.  It was
fucking, and that's what they called it.  My vagina became a pussy or a cunt,
and my anus was my asshole.  Even Mom began using the term, fuck, and referring
to my vagina as a pussy.  And they could cum where they pleased, but Mom had a
preference for my pussy."

      Ginger said, "Yep, Grandma was onboard."

      "Oh, yes.  Even I was onboard by then.  I knew I was going to get
pregnant, and I fully accepted that fact.  Mom dropped all pretenses.  She sat
in on the photo shoots and suggested poses that were every bit as obscene as
those the guys came up with. It was her idea to bring dogs into the act.  We
ended up owning four that I serviced daily, whether filming or not.  She also
suggested that they take shots of me eating her pussy.  She especially liked
having me eat her while I was being screwed by a dog.  Eating Mom's pussy was
also a daily occurrence."

      "Oh shit, Mom!  You're going to make me cum again!"

      "Oh, you like the idea of a daughter eating her mother's pussy." Bonnie
lifted her skirt and spread her legs to expose her naked wet beaver, saying,
"Go for it, baby!"

      Ginger pounded her pussy with the huge dong and cried, "Mother, you
filthy fucking whore!  Oh, you fucking bitch.  You sick slut, you!  Oh God, I
love it!  I love it!  Oh yesssss!  I'm cummingggggg!!!"

      Bonnie returned her feet to the floor and dropped her skirt with a
knowing smile.  She watched Ginger slowly recover and struggle to sit up.
Ginger blushed self-consciously, smiled, and said, "We're both sick.  I hope
you know that."

      "Yes, I know that."

      "I hope you're finished, because I can't take anymore."

      "We're almost done, but there's a good six inches you aren't using."

      "I tried, believe me, I tried.  Okay, I'm ready for more."

      "Those men were welcome to drop in and screw me any time, day or night.
We had orgies, lots of orgies, and somewhere in all that fucking, one of those
little sperm cells cracked the egg and made little Ginger.  Now you know."

      "Wow, think of the competition that one sperm had to fertilize the egg.
I feel so special."

      "You are special, Ginger.  On Father's Day, you have your work cut out
for you."

      "Yeah, and I think I'd like to leave it that way.  I don't want to know
which one it was.  Is there any chance we could all get together for a family
reunion?"

      "They aren't all available.  I think one died and one moved away, but
Daddy can bring what's left together, and they still have two of the dogs.  I
can't guarantee those guys will behave themselves, but the dogs are
well-trained."

      "I want guarantees that they won't."

      "That, I can guarantee.  I'll tell you what I'll do.  If you will get off
the pill and set this up to coincide with your ovulation, I will consider that
compensation for stealing my husband from me."

      "I knew you were still bitter about that.  Oh, all right. Daddy's going
to be furious with me, but that's the breaks. Actually, I was a bit
disappointed when I learned that my daddy hadn't knocked me up after all.  Now,
he just might."

      "If you don't deliver a litter of pups, he just might at that." Bonnie,
once again, presented Ginger with an obscene spread beaver, and said, "Right
now, you can begin making up to me for eight hours of intense labor.  Your time
begins when your lips seal themselves to my cunt."

      Ginger smiled then got to her knees and crawled forward, but that's
another story.

                                    The End

          NOTE:  You may contact the author at na101532@anon.penet.fi

