"Last one into the water is a rotten egg!" she shouted and broke into a
run towards the pond in front of them.  He, not about to be outdone,
dropped the picnic basket and chased after her, the long, quick strides
of his muscular legs quickly gaining on her, pulling up even with her
just before they reached the edge of the pool as he launched himself
towards the pool with one mighty leap that placed him squarely in the
middle of the pond.
 
"Awww, you beat me," she mock-whined, having stopped short of the edge
of the pool.  He looked at her, and then, feeling that there was
something amiss, looked down to see himself mired in thick goo.  "Well,
I suppose I ought to go back and get our picnic lunch which you dropped
back there," she said and began walking slowly back the way they had
come, as he stood there in shock, realizing that the pool wasn't filled
with water as he had assumed, but with wet, sticky quicksand that was
even now climbing up to his knees.  He looked up at her retreating back,
calling out to her, "hey, what's going on here?" as the sand reached
wetly up to mid-thigh and he tried to pull one leg free, only serving to
strain the muscles of one thigh as his other decended deeper into the
fine white sand.
 
Slowly, she walked back towards him, swinging the picnic basket from one
arm as his crotch began to decend slowly into the sand.  She reached the
flat, shady place next to the pool and sat down.
 
"Hey, help me out of here!" he said, as she opened the picnic basket and
began removing their lunch--sandwiches, apples and bananas, a plastic
container of potato salad, and six-pack of soda.
 
"Oh, I don't think I have to help you out at all." she replied after a
while, after watching the sand swallow his navel and creep up to his
ribcage.  "No, remember that nobody but you and me knows that we're here
and, well, if I just let the quicksand have you, you're not very likely
to tell anyone."  He began to struggle harder, trying to escape the
sand's sticky grip.  She licked her lips, watching the muscles of his
chest start to sink into the goo.  "I think I like having you trapped
like this, watching you struggle helplessly in front of me; in fact,
it really turns me on, so much so that I think what I have to do is see
if you can make me completely sexually satisfied, despite your, ah,
handicap..."  She paused for a moment to enjoy the look on his face and
the way his body moved as it strained against the sand, "...and, well,
if there's time left after that's been taken care of, then maybe I'll
think about saving you."
 
She watched him continue to struggle--it didn't look like he needed any
help doing that.  She slipped out of her clothes as he tried pushing
himself out of the sand with his hands, and the quicksand eagerly
swallowed his arms and continued pulling him slowly deeper.  This was
fun--his struggles slowed a bit as the sight of her sitting nude in
front of him distracted him from the sand that held him captive--she
wondered just how turned on she could make him, despite his rather
difficult situation.
 
She took one of the bananas out of the bunch and peeled its tip.  She
watched him struggle helplessly as the sand continued to pull him deeper
and she took a tiny bite out of the tip, her eyes meeting his with an
enigmatic but lustful gaze as her tongue slipped around the banana
before she bit off a larger bite.  Her other hand moved to one of her
already erect nipples, caressing it gently as she continued to lick and
nibble the banana.  His sinking slowed, as his eyes seemed unable to
keep from following her hand as it caressed her breast, then slowly,
slowly moved downwards, toying with her pubic hair for a moment,
twirling a curl or two slowly around a fingertip, as she watched his
eyes widen, as she sensed that she was turning him on as much as having
him trapped like this excited her.
 
Her fingers moved a little further down, gently following the lips of
her cunt, his eyes following every movement; softly, she let a fingertip
brush against her clitoris just as she finished the last of the banana,
and then she stood up, removing a rope from the picnic basket and tieing
one end to her wrist and the other to a stout branch of a nearby tree.
 
Suddenly he shook his head, as if noticing for the first time that he
was trapped helplessly up to his armpits in quicksand.  Still turned on
from watching her, he wasn't sure whather to be relieved or concerned
as she walked over to the edge of the pool.  Her cunt tingled with the
excitement she felt at having him utterly at her mercy.  Standing at the
edge of the pool, she stood over him, enjoying the look in his eyes as
he gazed up at her with a mixture of fear and lust in his eyes and she
toyed with the notion of just standing there and watching him
struggle--that wouldn't be hard at all, she wouldn't even have to do
anything:  he was totally helpless and if she just stood there and
watched, he would struggle and strain and try desperately to escape as
the sand pulled him deeper, his breathing grew faster, his strugles more
frantic, his tendons standing out like taut cables as he tried to free
himself from its sticky grip as it pulled him beneath the surface.
 
The thought of his helplessness, of watching him devoured by the sand
excited her--excited her enough that she wanted more than just to watch.
She took a few short steps towards him, feeling the soft, fine sand
between her toes and then climbing up her ankle.  She pulled at her foot
to free it for another step, feeling it gently sucking at her, imagining
how he must feel, surrounded in the thick goo down to his shoulders,
being slowly and irresistably sucked deeper into its soft wetness.  She
placed her free foot just on one side of his shoulder, her other foot
now below mid-calf in the sticky sand.  She tried to pull this leg free,
but it resisted, just pushing her other foot into the sand as she bent
to grab her knee with her hands, pulling her leg slowly out of the sand.
She had to pull hard and she felt her other leg continue to sink as she
did so.  Finally, it was free, though her other knee was already sinking
under the surface.  This foot, she placed just behind his other
shoulder, shifting her weight onto it to even her bearing until both her
knees were just below the sand.  He looked up at her, his face a few
inches below her cunt, as she slowly decended towards him.
 
Experimentally, she tried to pull one leg free from the sand and felt
the sand holding her firmly, sucking her down a little deeper.  She
could feel his breath, hot and fast on her crotch as she decended down
onto him, her pubic hairs tickling his face, her pussylips gently
brushing the skin of his face as she pulled up on the leg behind him,
shoving her crotch down onto his face in a forcefull, sloppy kiss.
 
He struggled to pull away, his face sliding upwards through her cunt and
she grabbed the back of his head with her hands, shoving his face into
her as she ground her cunt roughly over his face.  "Apparently you're
operating under the delusion," she said, "that you have any way of
getting out of here without satisfying me completely."  She felt him
strain to pull his head away from her again and she tightened her grip
on him, now bending her knees under the sand to push her cunt hard onto
his face, forcing him deeper and deeper into the sand, as she looked
down, watching his shoulders sinking into the wet sand.  "The worst
thing for you, my dear, is that I'm starting to get rather turned on by
the thought of watching the sand swallow you up, feeling your helpless
struggles as I shove you down below the sand with my cunt--in fact, if
you can't come up with a more effective way of satisfying me, I think
that's just what I'll do"--and she increased the pressure of her cunt on
his face, just to make sure he knew that she wanted to feel his answer
right now.
 
Slowly, gently, she felt his lips part inside of her and his tongue
slide gently out into her cunt.  She relaxed, decreasing the pressure on
him, though she could still see that, very slowly, his neck was still
sinking deeper into the wet goo.  Then, suddenly, his tongue increased
its tempo, sliding back and forth inside her cunt and she involuntarilly
stiffened, shoving down hard on his face, pushing him into the sand up
to his chin. "Faster, faster!"  She moaned, squirming over his face as
he licked her madly, "you might not have much time left."
 
Just to help keep him motivated, she let her pussy press down gently on
his face as his tongue slid around her clit.  She felt him squirm inside
of her, trying to keep from being pushed beneath the sand while still
licking her as she wriggled on top of him, watching him and enjoying his
struggles under her as she continued to press him deeper with her cunt.
 
The sand wrapped wetly around her thighs, holding her legs tightly in
its sticky grip and restraining her own squirming, as it slowly crept up
the sides of his head.  Its grip simultaneously excited and frustrated
her as she found that she couldn't quite move just the way her body told
her anymore--that every sensation of her own wriggling against his
tongue was acompanied by the strain of her muscles against the sand and
she knew that the deeper she allowed herself to descend, the longer it
would take for her to come, but her orgasm would be just that much
stronger.  The sand sucked at her legs, translating every motion over
his face with his sucking lips and wildly thrashing tongue into a
downward push that forced him deeper and deeper into the wet sand.
 
The thick goo seemed to pull her harder against his face as his tongue
teased and danced against her excited clit.  She felt herself about to
come--his tongue rapidly stroked within her and did quick culiques
around her throbbing clit--she wanted to come--his breath hot and moist
through her pussyfur--she was so close--there, lick me there!  she tried
to force her pussy to just the spot she wanted to be licked--no--she
strained against the sand but couldn't quite move--oh, please--so
close--her thighs squeezing, pulling, trying to move her the way she
wanted to move, their force just pushing him deeper into the sand with
her cunt and the sand gripped her whole thighs, her curly pubic hairs
touching its soft, wet surface as the sticky, wet sand reached the sides
of his face--afraid that the next thrust of her cunt onto his face would
push him under, his licking slowed--no! no!  so close, so close!--and
she reached her hands down to the sand around his head, shoving her
fingertips into the sticky goo and shoving the top of his head towards
her through the sand.  Yes, oh, yes!  He started licking her faster,
licking her frantically--there!  just there!--and she kept pushing,
feeling his nose pressed against the top of her pussy, feeling her cunt
slide over and engulf his nose--suddenly he struggled to breathe...
there!  there!  make me come and I'll let you breathe again!  she could
feel him trying to thrash around under her...faster...harder...he
struggled under her and suddenly, this was it--she was about to come--he
strained again to escape her pussy, his nose grinding against her clit
as his tongue still licked inside of her--oh, yes! oh, yes!  and she
came!  arching her back, thrusting her cunt against him, his struggles
intensifying her ecstacy as quick thrusts of her cunt against his face
trapped him entirely under the sand, the intensity growing, flowing,
subsiding as she watched and felt the sand tickling the skin above her
pussy as he still struggled beneath her...oh, yes, there was nothing
like this...ecstacy and power....
 
The rush of her orgasm subsiding, flowing back into her, she pulled
tight the rope she had tied to the branch overhead, squeezing her thighs
against his head to pull him just above the sand again.
 
He gasped as she continued to pull, her thighs starting to resurface and
with them his head and neck.  She pulled harder, and just the tops of
his shoulders peeked above the sand before her thighs, tired from her
orgasm and from dragging him back up, relaxed, leaving him trapped as
she slowly pulled herself free, feeling the sand reluctantly break its
grip on her feet as she made her way back to the shore.
 
She turned away from him, opening the picnic box and rummaging inside
for something to quench her thirst.  "What about me?"  he called after
her.  "What about you?" she responded, her hands reaching down to brush
some of the sand off her naked body.  "I said you had to satisfy me
totally--and I don't think climaxing just once is enough."
 
"By the way," she said, pausing to take a long, slow drink, "just so
you're warned, you'd better not be so uncooperative this time, since
it's not nearly so easy to make me climax after the first time."
