                       PIGGY

                  by V.P. Viddler



     "She'll do anything you want," I said. "Won't you, Jo."

     "Oh god, don't," Jo said. "Don't do this to me."

     "Tell him," I said.

     "Please, god, please."

     "Tell him, whore. Tell him, little piggy."

     "Christ," Brad said.

     "I told you," I said.

     "But she's gorgeous. She's fucking luscious."

     "I know," I said. "Hear that, piggy? Say thank you."

     "Oh dear god please please don't dear god..."

     "You whore. Stupid little whore. Isn't that what you are? 
Say it."

     "Thank you," Jo said.

     "Say you're a whore."

     "I'm..."

     "Go on, piggy."

     "I'm a whore."

     "You'll do what we want."

     "I'll..."

     "Say it, piggy."

     "I'll do what you want."

     "You can't help it, can you, piggy."

     "No."

     "Say it."

     "I can't help it."

     "What do you want her to do, Brad," I said.

     "Christ," Brad said.

     "You want her to take her clothes off?"

     "Christ."

     "You ask him, whore," I said to Jo.

     "I can't," Jo said.

     "Oh yes you can. You know you can. You know you will. Isn't 
that right, piggy?"

     "Damn you."

     "What?"

     "Yes."

     "Yes what?"

     "Yes. I will."

     "You will what?"

     "Ask him."

     "Ask him what, piggy?"

     "If he wants me to...do it."

     "Do what, whore?"

     "Take my clothes off."

     "All right. Ask him."

     "Do you..."

     "His name is Brad," I said.

     "Brad," Jo said. "Do you want me to..."

     "Stop crying," I said.

     "I can't."

     I took hold of her hair. It was dark and short. I pulled her 
head back hard. "Can you now," I said.

     "Yes. I'm sorry."

     "Do it."

     "All right."

     "Now ask him."

     "Do you..."

     "His name."

     "Brad...Do you want me to...take my clothes off."

     "Jesus Christ,"Brad said.

     "Little whore," I said.

     "Will she do anything?" Brad said.

     "Shit," I said. "What do you need, a notary? You got one. Jo 
is a notary, aren't you, piggy."

     "Yes."

     "Damn."

     "Yes, our Jo is a very smart piggy. Very educated. A college 
graduate. A fucking brain. Isn't that right, whore?"

     "Yes."

     "But it doesn't do her a damn bit of good when I'm around, 
does it, piggy?"

     "No."

     "No. Right. Because with me you're just shit. All your 
brains go for nothing but shit. Isn't that right, whore?"

     "Yes."

     "Yes what."

     "Yes, that's right."

     "Say it."

     "All my brains go for nothing but shit with you."

     "So yes, Brad, you idiot, she will do anything. What do you 
want? You want her to suck your cock? Is that it? You want this 
gorgeous little piggy go go down on her knees and put your prick 
in her smart educated little mouth and suck you off until you 
come down her throat? Yes, she will do that for you. Won't you, 
whore?"

     "Stop...for gods' sake...stop..."

     "Won't you, whore?"

     "Yes."

     "Yes what."

     "Yes I will. Yes. I will do that. Do you want me to say it?"

     "You know I do. You know that already. Don't you?"

     "Yes."

     "Say it."

     "That's not what I want," Brad said.

     "What?"

     "I mean, Christ, yes, I do, but...but not right away. Okay?"

     "We got all the time in the world. Don't we, piggy. You're 
not going away, right? You'll stay here as long as I want you to. 
Won't you. As long as it takes. For you to do everything Brad 
wants. And everything I want. And for us to do anything we want 
to you. As much as we want to. You'll stay and take it all, and 
do it all, and you'll love it. All. Isn't that right, Jo? Isn't 
that right, whore? Isn't that right, little piggy?"

     "God."

     "Stop crying."

     "I can't."

     "Can you now?" I said.

     Jo was moaning softly. I was causing that.

     "Can you?" I said.

     "Yes," Jo said. "I'm sorry," Jo said. "Please don't," Jo 
said. "I'll stop."

     "Good," I said.

     "Oh mama," Brad said.

     "So what is it you want her to do first?"

     "I want her to..."

     "Spit it out, for god's sake."

     "I want her to kiss me," Brad said.

     "That's it?"

     "To start. You know. I mean I want that mouth, okay? I mean 
I want her kissing me. Jesus..."

     "All right. All right, fine. That's what you want, that's 
what you get. Isn't that right, piggy?"

     "Yes..." Jo said.

     "Go to him, whore. And kiss him. You understand? Kiss him 
like he's never been kissed in his life. In fact, kiss him like 
nobody's ever been kissed before. I want it to be the greatest 
fucking kiss in history. I want you to put everything you have 
into it. You understand, whore? I want him to fucking come from 
this kiss. You got that? Piggy?"

     "Yes."

     "Yes what?"

     "Yes. I got that. Yes."

     "Do it."

     Jo did it.

     Brad came.

     It was only the beginning.

                         *                      

     I met her at a party. A formal affair. She was wearing a 
strapless gown. Short black hair. Luscious body. Laughing. An 
ambassador's wife. A lot of dignity at this party.

     "This is my wife, Jo."

     "How do you do."

     A lot of dignity.

     "I want to fuck you," I said.

     Nobody was too close to us.

     Astonishment and shock. Staring.

     "What?!"

     "I want to fuck you. Right now."

     "Are you--you can't talk to me that way!"

     "I just did. We'll go upstairs."

     "You must be crazy. Goodbye."

     "Don't go."

     "Why not?"

     "You don't want to."

     "I don't?"

     "No."

     "What do you think I am?"

     "I think you're a whore," I said.

     Staring at me. Unbelieving. "What?"

     "I think you're a whore. Isn't that right?"

     Staring.

     "Inside," I said. "All the way inside. Nobody knows. Your 
husband doesn't know. Your friends don't know. But I know."

     "You...you can't..."

     "I can. I will. I want to fuck you now. Upstairs."

     "I...my husband...I'm not unfaithful...never..."

     "Until now," I said. "Whore."

     "Don't..."

     I put my hand out to touch her face. She pulled back, 
looking around. I touched her face. Stroking it.

     "Whore," I said.

     "No." Panting.

     "Upstairs," I said. "Now."

     "I can't..."

     "I'd like you to crawl up the stairs," I said.

     "Oh."

     "Crawling on your hands and knees like an animal."

     "Oh don't..."

     "But you can't do that now. So just walk."

     "Please," she said.

     "Go," I said. "Upstairs. Find a room. I'll follow you."

     "Why?" Panting. "Oh god why?"

     "Because you're a whore," I said.

     "No."

     "Yes."

     "Oh no."

     "You know it."

     "No."

     "I know it."

     "God."

     "Say it."

     "Oh god."

     "Say it."

     "Yes."

     "Say it."

     "I'm a whore."

     "Yes. Go upstairs."

     "My husband..."

     "Fuck him."

     "Oh."

     "But first you'll fuck me."

     "Oh."

     "Go."

     She went.

     Upstairs she stood against a wall. I went to her.

     "I don't know why I'm doing this," Jo said.

     I put my hand on her face.

     "You can't help it," I said.

     "Oh dear god..."

     I stroked her face.

     "Don't hurt me," she said.

     I stroked her body.

     She was panting.

     "Show me your tits," I said.

     "You bastard," she said.

     I squeezed her breast hard.

     A sharp hiss. Up on her toes.

     "Don't, don't, oh god..."

     "Be a good little whore," I said.

     "Oh god...you're an animal..."

     "So are you. Get down." 

     "What?"

     "Down. On all fours. Now."

     "But--"

     I slapped her.

     She got down.

     "Now you're an animal," I said. "Aren't you?"

     "Yes," Jo said.

     "Say it."

     "I'm an animal."

     "A dog. No. A pig. That's what you are. A little pig. Say 
it."

     "Please..."

     "Say it."

     "I'm a pig."

     "Crawl for me, piggy."

     "Oh."

     "Do it."

     She did it.

     Crawling.

     "Little piggy," I said. "Say oink."

     "Please...god..."

     "Say oink, piggy."

     "I..."

     "Say it."

     "Oink," she said. 

     "Say it again."

     "Oink."

     "Again."

     "Oink."

     "Go on saying it. Don't stop."

     "Oink," Jo said. "Oink. Oink. Oink." She was crying. "Oink."

     "Stop crying."

     "I can't."

     I reached down and took hold of her hair and pulled her head 
back until it couldn't go any further. Jo was gasping and 
moaning.

     "Stop crying."

     "All right. All right."

     "Say oink."

     "Oink," she said. "Oink."

     "Stand up."

     She stood up. She was shaking.

     She was mine.

     "You'll do what I say," I said. "Won't you, piggy?"

     "Yes."

     "Always."

     "Yes."

     "Anything I say. Anything I want."

     "Yes."

     "Any time, any place."

     "Yes."

     "Show me your tits."

     Shaking. Not looking at me. Moaning. Jo unzipped her gown 
and took down the top of it. The bra was built into the gown. Her 
breasts were bare.

     The nipples stood out stiffly.

     "Filthy whore," I said.

     "Yes," Jo said.

     "I'm going to fuck you."

     "I know."

     "You want it."

     "Please..."

     "Say it."

     "I want it."

     "You want what?"

     "I want you to fuck me."

     "Take it all off."

     She took it all off.

     "Your body is for fucking."

     "Yes."

     "It's mine."

     "It's yours."

     "Where do you want me to fuck you?"

     "What?"

     "Stupid whore."

     "Please."

     "The answer is, anyplace you want," I said. "Say that."

     "Anyplace you want."

     "You don't think I'm going to just fuck your cunt, do you?"

     "Oh god..."

     "I'll fuck your ass."

     "Oh..."

     "Say it."

     "You'll fuck my ass."

     "I'll fuck your mouth."

     "You'll fuck my mouth."

     "I'll do what I want to you."

     "You'll do what you want to me."

     "And you'll love it."

     "And I'll..."

     "Say it."

     "I'll love it."

     "Say oink."

     "Oink."

     "Again."

     "Oink."

     "Again."

     "Oink. Oink. Oh god...oink..."

                           *

     "You never fucked your husband like that," I said. "Did 
you?"

     "No."

     "You will tonight."

     "What?"

     "I want you to fuck your husband tonight just the way you 
fucked me just now."

     "Oh god...please..."

     "And then I want you to suck his cock for at least half an 
hour, and swallow his gism down your sweet piggy throat."

     "I can't...please, I can't..."

     "Why not?"

     "My husband...oh god..."

     "You do what I say. Right?"

     "I..."

     "Jo," I said. And I did something to her.

     "Oh Christ!" she said.

     "Again?"

     "No. No. No..."

     "I'll try again. You do what I say. Right?"

     "Yes. Oh yes. Yes."

     "Anything. Always."

     "Yes."

     "Tell me what you'll do with your husband tonight."

     "I'll fuck him." She was crying.

     "How?"

     "Just like I fucked you."

     "And?"

     "And I'll suck his cock for at least half an hour."

     "Do I have to prompt you again?"

     "NO. Please. I'm sorry. And...I'll swallow all his gism. 
Down my throat."

     "Piggy."

     "What?"

     "Lick my ass."

     "Oh."

     "That will make me hard again, and when I am hard again I'm 
going to fuck your face. Again."

     "Oh."

     "You'll like that, won't you, piggy?"

     "Yes."

     "That's a good piggy. That's a good little whore. Deeper, 
whore.

     "That's the girl."

                          *

     A knocking at the door.

     "Oh god," Jo said.

     "Don't stop," I said. "Just go on doing what you're doing."

     "But--"

     "Now."

     Jo continued doing it.

     "Who is it?" I said.

     "Excuse me...it's Philip Dunstan. I'm looking for my wife. 
Have you seen her at all?"

     "Oh god," Jo said.

     "I told you not to stop." I twisted her hair and put her 
gasping mouth back where it had been. "She's busy," I said to the 
door.

     "What?"

     Jo was moaning softly.

     "I said your wife is busy. She'll be down soon."

     "I don't--what is she doing?"

     "Sucking my cock," I said.

     Jo made a wild gasping sound. I kept her from moving.

     "I--what did you say?"

     "Go away."

     A rattling sound. The doorknob. "Let me in!"

     "It's locked," I said. "Go away. Jo is busy."

     "Jo! Jo! Are you in there?"

     Jo was sobbing.

     "Tell him to go away," I said.

     "Oh god...oh my god..."

     "Jo??"

     "Tell him."

     "Philip..."

     "Jo?"

     "Go--go away," Jo said.

     "Jo, what are you--"

     "Philip, for god's sake..."

     "What's going on? Jo? What are you doing?"

     "Tell him," I said.

     "What??"

     "Tell him what you're doing."

     "No."

     "Do it."

     "No. Please."

     "Jo."

     "I can't...for god's..."

     "Do it."

     "JO!!!"

     "Philip, I--I'm busy...please..."

     "Let me in! I'm coming in!"

     Rattling and banging.

     "Tell him," I said.

     "Philip..."

     "What?"

     "Oh god," Jo said. "You bastard."

     "Tell him."

     "Who is in there with you? Jo?"

     "A man," Jo said.

     "What?"

     "A man, Philip." She begged me with her eyes. I twisted her 
hair. "I'm in here with a man," she said.

     "What--what are you doing?"

     "What an idiot," I said. "Tell him."

     "You are ruining my life," Jo said.

     "That's right. Tell him."

     "I'm--sucking his cock," Jo said.

     "Now do it," I said.

     Jo did it.

     "Jo!!! My god...what..."

     Jo was sobbing as she sucked me.

     "Tell him you fucked me like a jackrabbit," I said.

     "You filthy bastard."

     "Tell him."

     "I fucked him like a jackrabbit," Jo said.

     Silence.

     "Tell him you're a whore."

     "I'm a whore."

     "Tell him you're a pig."

     "I'm a pig."

     "Say oink."

     "Oink."

     "Louder."

     "Oink!"

     "Ask him if he still wants to come in now."

     "Don't..."

     "Jo."

     "Yes."

     "I own you now."

     "I know."

     "There's nothing you can do about it."

     "I know."

     "It's your own fault."

     "Yes."

     "You can stop it if you want."

     Jo said nothing.

     "But you won't."

     Nothing.

     "Will you?"

     "No."

     "Because you need it."

     "Oh god."

     "You hate it but you need it."

     "Yes."

     "Even if it ruins your life."

     "Yes."

     "So you do what I say."

     "Yes."

     "Anything I say."

     "Yes."

     "I don't have to hurt you."

     "No."

     "But sometimes I want to hurt you."

     "I know."

     "And you want that too."

     "No."

     "Yes."

     "No."

     "Yes."

     "Oh dear god..."

     "Say it."

     "Yes. I do. Yes."

     "Ask me to hurt you."

     "Oh..."

     "Ask me. Say please."

     "Please."

     "Please what?"

     "Please hurt me."

     "All right." I hurt her.

     She made a loud sound.

     "Jo???" From outside.

     "Now," I said. "Ask him if he still wants to come in."

     "Ph-Philip?"

     "What?"

     "Do you...still want to...to come in?"

     "I--I--"

     "Tell him he can go away and you will fuck him and suck him 
tonight to within an inch of his life."

     Jo said, "Philip, if you go away...I will fuck you and suck 
you tonight to within an inch of your life."

     "Jo..."

     "Or he can come in now and punish you for your sins," I 
said.

     "What?"

     "Tell him."

     "P-punish me..."

     "Tell him."

     "Or...or you can come in and...and punish me," Jo said.

     "For your sins."

     "For my sins."

     "Jo..." Philip said.

     "Oh god."

     "Do you want to punish her, Philip?" I said.

     "Christ!" Philip said. "I don't--I--"

     "Shit. Go away, Philip. Your wife and I have a lot more 
fucking to do."

     "Jo...Jo..."

     "I'm sorry, Philip," Jo said, crying. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. 
I can't help it, I'm a whore, I'm sorry..."

     "Stop crying and suck," I said. Loudly.

     Philip said nothing.

     "Your wife is a great cocksucker, Philip," I said. "You 
probably don't know that. Jo's mouth is fabulous. She's a 
terrific fuck too. And she's such a whore. A little piggy girl 
and a whore and a crawling slave slut bitch. That's what she 
really is, and you never found that out. That's what you are, 
isn't it, Jo? Tell him."

     "Yes," Jo said. "That's what I am. Yes."

     "Say oink, piggy," I said. "Say it loud."

     "Oink," Jo said. Crying hard. "Oink. Oink. Oink! Oink! 
Oink..."

                          *

     "I want to hurt her," Brad said. "I want to make her cry. 
Can I?"

     "Oh dear sweet Jesus," Jo said.

     "Ask for it, Jo. Ask Brad to hurt you and make you cry. Beg 
him."

     A weird awful moan and Jo sank to her knees. "Please...hurt 
me." A choking whisper. "Hurt me, make me cry, make me scream for 
you..."

                          *

     I had been exploring her capacity for pain.

     Lying on my bed with her arms stretched above her head.

     I didn't bother tying her up.

     Jo wasn't going anyplace.

     "Hold still."

     "I can't."

     "You can."

     "Please."

     "Hold still or it will be worse."

     "Don't."

     "Ask me to do it."

     "No."

     "Ask me to do it."

     "I can't."

     "Go away."

     "What?"

     "Nothing is holding you here. Go away."

     "Please."

     "You're not moving."

     "I..."

     "Put your clothes on and go."

     "I can't."

     "Why not?"

     "You know I can't."

     "Then you'll do as I say.

     "Damn you."

     "Won't you, Jo."

     "I..."

     "Jo."

     "Yes."

     "Yes what?"

     "Yes. I'll do as you say."

     "Then do it."

     "All...all right."

     "Ask me."

     "Please."

     "Please what?"

     "Please do it."

     "Please do what?"

     "Please...hurt me."

     "You want me to hurt you?"

     "Damn you."

     "Jo?"

     "Yes."

     "Yes what?"

     "I want you to hurt me."

     "Go on."

     "Oh please, I can't, please..."

     "Say it."

     "I want you to hurt me. Do it. Please do it."

     "All right. Hold still."

     "I'm trying."

     "Now."

     "Jesus Jesus Jesus no Christ no stop oh sweet Jesus I 
can't..."

     "Did you like that?"

     "No."

     "Yes you did."

     "No."

     "Tell me you did."

     "I did."

     "You loved it."

     "I loved it."

     "You want it again."

     "I..."

     "Say it."

     "Please I can't don't make me."

     "You want to go away?"

     "No."

     "You can go any time, you know."

     "I know."

     "You're not going."

     "No."

     "Say it."

     "I..."

     "I'm waiting."

     "I want it again."

     "Worse."

     "God."

     "Say it."

     "Worse."

     "Ask me."

     "Please do it to me again."

     "Go on."

     "Worse."

     "Beg."

     "Oh god, you--"

     "Beg me, Jo."

     "Please. Oh please...I'm begging you...I beg you with all my 
heart...please do it to me again, do it worse this time, make me 
suffer for you...please...please do it..."

     "I'm going to do it much worse this time."

     "Oh dear god..."

     "I don't want you to scream."

     "I'll try."

     "No. Don't try. Just don't scream."

     "I--All right."

     "Not that I don't want to make you scream."

     "I know."

     "I do. I am looking forward to that."

     "I know."

     "But I don't want you to do it now."

     "All right."

     "Hold still, piggy."

     "Noooooonnnnoooooonnnnoooooooonnnnnnnggggghhhhhhhhaaaaahhhhhh..."

     "Good girl."

     "Sweet god no no more no more jesus god."

     "Sweet hurting little whore."

     "You..."

     "You want to leave, piggy?"

     "No..."

     "Are you sure?"

     "Yes."

     "You want me to do it again?"

     "No."

     "What do you want to do?"

     "I want to suck your cock."

     "With your lovely hurting mouth?"

     "Yes."

     "Suck me for hours so I won't hurt you any more?"

     "Yes."

     "What about your husband?"

     "What about him?"

     "Call him up."

     "What?"

     "You heard me, whore. Call him up."

     "Why?"

     "I want him to know you are going to suck my cock."

     "He knows."

     "Do it anyway."

     "Please..."

     "Hold still."

     "What..."

     "I'm going to hurt you again."

     "No...please no..."

     "You have to know what you are."

     "I know. I do know."

     "No you don't."

     "I do. I do, I do..."

     "What are you?"

     "I'm a whore."

     "Whose whore?"

     "Yours."

     "What else?"

     "A pig."

     "Whose pig?"

     "Your pig."

     "What else?"

     "A slut. A filthy slut."

     "Go on."

     "A bitch. A cocksucker."

     "And?"

     "A slave."

     "A slave."

     "Yes."

     "My slave."

     "Yes." 

     "A slave obeys."

     "I'm sorry."

     "Not sorry enough."

     "I'm sorry, I'm sorry..."

     "Hold still."

     "God have mercy..."

     "Now."

     "Haaauuuughhh. Haaaauuuugggghhhh. Haaaarrrrggghhhhh..."

     "Will you call him up now?"

     "Yes. Yes yes god yes please yes..."

     "Do it."

     She did it.

     "Philip..."

     "Tell him where you are."

     "Yes, I'm with him. Yes."

     "Tell him you're naked."

     "I'm naked, Philip."

     "Tell him what we've been doing."

     "We've been...he's been hurting me."

     "Tell him how you hurt."

     "I am in agony, Philip. I can't stand it."

     "Tell him you won't leave."

     "I won't leave, Philip."

     "You could if you wanted to."

     "I could if I wanted to."

     "But you don't."

     "But I don't."

     "You can't."

     "I can't."

     "You're my little piggy whore."

     "I'm his little piggy whore."

     Jo was crying.

     "I'm sorry, Philip."

     "Tell him what you're going to do now."

     "I'm going to suck his cock now."

     "Ask him if he wants to talk to me while you suck my cock."

     "Philip...do you want to talk to him while I suck his cock?"

     She could hardly talk.

     "I know...I know I am...I know, I'm sorry..."

     She was sobbing.

     "Give me the phone."

     "Goodbye, Philip." She gave me the phone.

     "Now suck me. Slowly."

     Jo's mouth soft and sobbing and sweet on my cock.

     "Hello, Philip."

     "You filthy bastard."

     "Your wife is sucking my cock, Philip."

     "I'd like to kill you."

     "Use that tongue, Jo. That's it."

     "You son of a bitch."

     "I'm going to come in her mouth, Philip."

     Silence.

     "And she's going to swallow it."

     Silence.

     "Did she ever do that for you, Philip?"

     "Damn you."

     "I'm looking at your naked wife right now, Philip. I'm 
looking at her good round breasts and her luscious round ass and 
her fantastic curvy thighs and legs, and I'm looking at her mouth 
as it moves up and down around my cock."

     "Damn you!"

     "Your wife is a whore, Philip. My whore. I can make her do 
anything. I can hurt her all I want. Would you like to hear her 
scream, Philip?"

     "I'll kill you."

     "You know what I'm going to do, Philip? Any day now, when I 
get a little tired of using Jo all by myself?"

     Silence.

     "I'm going to let some of my friends play with her."

     A soft whimpering sound from Jo.

     "Would you like to watch, Philip?"

     Silence.

     "Watch your wife crawling for a group of strange guys? 
Fucking them and sucking them and doing whatever they want all 
night long? Would you like that, Philip?"

     "I'm hanging up now."

     "Oh, not before I come, Philip. That would be too bad. It 
shouldn't be too long now. Your wife is so damn good with that 
sweet luscious mouth of hers. I think I'll come right now. And 
let Jo swallow it all."

     "You..."

     "Suck harder, Jo darling. Little piggy cocksucker. Lick it, 
yes, that's it piggy, damn, yes, take it all in, deeper, deeper 
piggy, oh yeah now here it is, piggy whore, swallow it all now, 
yes...now...I'm coming, Philip...ah...now...here, piggy... 
here...ahhhhh..."

     Philip made a strangling noise.

     Jo was choking.

     "Swallow, darling...that's it...she's swallowing, Philip... 
all of it, piggy...she's doing it so well, Philip...you'd be 
proud of her...that's so good...swallow again, piggy...yes..."
     
     Philip hung up.

     "Your husband hung up on me," I said to Jo. "Very rude of 
him. I'm going to have to punish you for that..."

                         *

     "I want some pizza," I said.

     "You always get what you want," Jo said.

     "Especially you."

     "Yes. Especially me."

     "Call up and order."

     "All right."

     She did.

     "I know the delivery guy," I said.

     Jo looked at me.

     "He's fat."

     She looked at me.

     "Spotty," I said. "Bad teeth."

     "What--"

     "Bad breath, probably."

     "Wait a--"

     "Ugly as hell."

     Jo said nothing.

     "We can start with him."

     "No."

     "He'll love it."

     "No. God no."

     "You probably won't."

     "Please no. Please. Please."

     "You want to leave?"

     "Oh stop. I can't. You know I can't. Please."

     "You're my whore."

     "Yes."

     "You'll learn how to be a whore."

     "You bastard."

     "When he comes you'll let him in."

     "Please...if I..."

     "Just as you are."

     "What?"

     "Why waste time?"

     "I'm..."

     "Naked."

     "Oh no..."

     "I want to see his face."

     "Please no, please..."

     "And your face."

     "I can't."

     "You will."

     "No..."

     "Come here."

     "Wait..."

     "Now."

     "Wait...please..."

     "Come on."

     "Oh god..."

     "Jo..."

     "NNNNNNNGGGGHHHHHHAAAAHHHH..."

     "Will you?"

     "Yes..."

     "What?"

     "Yes yes I will yes I will yes yes..."

     "I'll just make sure."

     "No. No. Nnnaauuugghhh stop stop stop PLEASE STOP OH PLEASE 
JESUS GOD AUUUUGGGHHHHH..."

     A knock at the door.

     "Stop crying."

     "Please, god please..."

     "Let him in."

     "Can't I..."

     "Would you rather crawl to the door?"

     "No."

     "Then go."

     She did.

     "Jesus Christ!" the pizza guy said.

     "Ask him in, Jo."

     "Come...come in."

     "Jesus H. Christ!"

     "Thanks for the pizza. How much do I owe you?"

     "Uh...nine bucks..."

     "You appear to like my girlfriend here."

     "Jesus!"

     "You find her attractive?"

     "Shit...she's fucking naked!"

     "Brilliant observation. You think she's worth nine bucks?"

     "Oh god.."

     "Huh?"

     "Would you like to fuck her?"

     "Please...oh god..."

     "Christ! Would I!"

     "Can I get the pizza free?"

     "You bastard..."

     "You mean..."

     "If I let you fuck her."

     "Holy shit! Sure!"

     "Jo."

     "You filthy bastard."

     "Jo, this man wants to fuck you."

     Jo was crying.

     "She don't look like she wants to."

     "Oh yes, she does. Don't you, Jo?"

     "Please...oh god..."

     "Jo?"

     "Yes."

     "Tell this man you will fuck him."

     "I..."

     "Tell him, Jo."

     "I..."

     "Look at him."

     Jo looked at him. Wiping her tears.

     He looked at her body. He was panting.

     "I'll fuck you," Jo said. Flatly.

     "Jesus!"

     "And for a tip she'll suck your cock. Won't you, Jo?"

     "Holy crap!"

     "Tell him that."

     "I...I'll suck your cock."

     "Tell him he can fuck you in the ass."

     "You...can fuck me in the ass."

     "You will be the best lay he's ever had. Won't you, little 
piggy?"

     "I...yes..."

     "Tell him that."

     "I'll be...the best lay you ever had."

     "Is that worth nine bucks?" I said.

     "Shit..."

     "What are you waiting for? You want her to take your clothes 
off for you?"

     "Stop please stop..."

     "This woman is a slave," I said. "Isn't that right, piggy?"

     "Yes," Jo said.

     "Say it."

     "I'm a slave."

     "My slave."

     "Yes. Your slave."

     "And tonight you'll be his slave too."

     "I..."

     "Say it."

     "Tonight I...I'll be his slave too."

     "And give him your body."

     "And give him my body."

     "All of it."

     "All of it."

     "To do whatever he likes with it."

     "To do whatever he likes with it."

     "You hear that?"

     "Shit yeah."

     "You want her to take your clothes off?"

     "Yeah."

     "She'll do that. Right, piggy?"

     "Yes. I'll do that."

     "She'll crawl if you want. Right, piggy?"

     "Yes. I'll crawl."

     "She'll fuck your brains out. Right, piggy?"

     "Yes."

     "Say it."

     "I'll fuck his brains out."

     "Why is she crying?"

     "Don't you like to see her crying?"

     "I don't...well...I guess..."

     "Want to make her cry more?"

     "Jesus!"

     "Want to make her scream?"

     "Please...don't do this...please...isn't it..."

     "Do you?"

     "You mean..."

     "You can if you want. Can't he, Jo?"

     "Wait..."

     "Can't he, piggy?"

     "Please..."

     "Can't he, whore?"

     "No..."

     "Say yes."

     "Oh no..."

     "Say yes, piggy."

     "Please please please..."

     "Say it."

     "Yes."

     "What?"

     "Yes."

     "Yes what?"

     "Yes...he can make me scream."

     "Say it to him."

     "You can...make me scream."

     "This is crazy."

     "Why?"

     "Damn, look...I want to fuck her now, okay?"

     "Jo."

     "Yes."

     "This man wants to fuck you now."

     "Yes."

     "Lie down and spread your legs."

     "I...right here?"

     "Lie down, whore, and spread your piggy legs for him."

     "Oh."

     "Look at you."

     "Oh."

     "You filthy degraded bitch."

     "Oh yes."

     "You crawling degraded piece of dung."

     "Oh yes yes..."

     "Beg this man to fuck you."

     "Please fuck me. Please take me, I'm such a filthy whore, 
please do it to me, do anything you want to me, make me suck your 
cock and make me scream and make me crawl for you, degrade me and 
punish me and defile my whore slut body. Anything you want, I'm 
yours, I'm your slave, play with me, use me, destroy me, please, 
I beg you, I'll be good for you, I'll be your sweet cocksucking 
whore slave, do it, rape me, violate me, debase me, piss on me, 
piss in my mouth and make me drink it, shit on my face, I want to 
die..."

     "You can't die," I said. "You're my slave forever."

     The pizza guy took his clothes off.

     "I'm going to tape this."

     "Oh god..."

     "It will be a fine Christmas present for your husband."

     "Oh..."

     I taped it all.

     As he fucked her.

     As Jo fucked him back.

     As she sucked his cock for him.

     As she swallowed his gism.

     As she was crawling for him.

     As he pissed all over her body.

     As Jo drank his piss.

     And finally as he made her scream.

     Again and again.

     Till she was hoarse.

     And still screaming.

     And he took her again.

     And I took her.

     And both of us took her.

     I never got around to the pizza.

                       *

     "A stag party," I said to Philip.

     Jo was crying softly.

     "Jo on her knees," I said.

     "A long file of men lined up in front of her.

     "Waiting to use her mouth

     "Jo sucking them off.

     "One by one.

     "And swallowing it all.

     "Man after man.

     "Sucking and swallowing.

     "Until she throws up.

     "You'll like that, won't you, Jo?"

     "Yes," Jo said. Crying.

     "Louder."

     "Yes."

     "Put some life into it." And I pushed the button.

     "YAAAAAAHHHH!! DON'T! YES! YES! I WILL, YES!"

     "Works well, don't it?"

     "Don't do it again, please, I'll be good, I'll do 
anything..."

     "I know you will, piggy."

     "I will, I swear it..."

     "To avoid this?"

     "NAAUUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHH....Ohh Jesus don't...YAAAAGGGHHHH...."

     Great result with little effort.

     "Please you don't have to do that. Why do you have to..."

     "I like it. Making you twist. Making you scream. It's fun, 
piggy."

     "Just tell me what you want me to do."

     "At the party?"

     "Anyplace."

     "Anyplace, any time, any way?"

     "Yes. You know that."

     "After you suck all those guys off I think they'll need to 
take a piss."

     "Oh."

     "Maybe right in that same fine mouth."

     "Oh."

     "And you'll swallow that too."

     "Oh."

     "Right, piggy?"

     "Yes."

     "Until you throw up again."

     "All right."

     "I'm inviting all my pals."

     "Of course."

     "And that's not all."

     "Who else?"

     "You'll never guess."

     "What--"

     "Your daddy."

     "What?"

     "Your dear old daddy."

     "You--you're--"
     
     "Remember him?"

     "You can't."

     "I can. I did."

     "No."

     "No?"

     "Not that. Not him."

     "Your daddy can't wait."

     "I won't."

     "You won't?"

     "No. I can't."

     "Oh, dear. In that case..."

     "HAAUUGGHHHH NO NO NO NAAAAAAHHHHGGG NO PLEAAAAEEEEEE."

     "Try again."

     "Jesus god no more please not any more please Jesus please 
please please please please please..."

     "About your daddy..."

     "Unnhhhh. Unhh."

     "Shall I..."

     "NO!"

     "About daddy..."

     "All right."

     "What?"

     "All right. All right."

     "All right what, piggy?"

     "Bring him."

     "I am."

     "He'll love it."

     "I think so too."

     "His own daughter."

     "His whore daughter."

     "Will you make me..."

     "Yes."

     "He'll be..."

     "Yes."

     "And you'll let him..."

     "Yes."

     Jo was crying very hard.

     She was naked, of course.

     Philip was watching.

     "You know, Jo," I said. "I'll bet Philip has a hard-on."

     "I'll bet you do too," Jo said.

     I pushed the button again.

     I did it for a while.

     I did it until Jo was hoarse.

     I waited for a while.

     Then I said, "Anything to say, piggy?"

     "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry..."

     "Why don't you ask him?"

     "What?"

     "Philip. Your darling husband. Ask him if he has a hard-on."

     "Do you have a hard-on, Philip?"

     "Yes," Philip said.

     "From watching me in pain?"

     "I...yes."

     "Do you want the button, Philip?"

     "I...no."

     "Do you want Jo to suck you off?"

     "I..."

     "She will if I tell her. Right, piggy?"

     "Yes."

     "She'll lick your ass if I tell her. Right, whore?"

     "Yes."

     "Do you want her to lick your ass, Philip?"

     "I...no."

     "What is it you want."

     "I want to whip her."

     "Jesus," Jo said.

     "Why," I said.

     "She's a whore, isn't she?"

     "Ask her."

     "You're a whore, aren't you?" he said to Jo.

     "Yes," Jo said. "I'm sorry."

     "You humiliated me and degraded yourself for this man."

     "Yes."

     "You crawl to him and lower yourself for his pleasure and 
act like an animal."

     "Yes."

     "You are a disgrace to civilization."

     "I know."

     "You deserve to be whipped."

     "Probably."

     "Don't you?"

     "Yes."

     "And I want to whip you."

     Jo said nothing.

     "Shall I?" Philip said.

     And Jo made the only answer she could. "I'm sorry, Philip... 
you'll have to ask him."

     And he did.

     And I said yes.

     As long as I could watch.

     And listen.

     And savor.

                    *

     The whip sang, and so did Jo.

     "Sweet piggy," I said.

     I had hung her by her wrists from the ceiling, arms wide 
apart. Her legs spread similarly, roped to rings in the floor.

     Jo was spread eagled in the air.

     Her naked body taut and straining.

     Screaming her guts out.

     Philip stood behind her, whipping her as hard as he could.

     "Do it harder," I said.

     I put my hands on her breasts and squeezed them as she 
screamed into my face.

     "Jo," I said, "your dear old daddy should see you now."

     "Call him up," Philip said.

     I got on the phone.

     "We're whipping your daughter," I said. "Listen."

     Jo sang.

     "If you want to come over you can watch."

     "I'll be right there," Jo's daddy said.

     "Jo darling, your daddy is coming right over.

     "You can sing for him too."

     The whip cracked.

     "Like that," I said.

     I took hold of her breasts again.

     Crack!

     "Sing to me, piggy."

                       *

     "Ask your daddy to fuck you."

     "Please fuck me, daddy."

     "Just as you are."

     "Just as I am."

     "How do you like your naked daughter?"

     "She's no little girl any more."

     "She give you a hard-on?"

     "Especially stretched out that way."

     "And in agony."

     "There's that too."

     "You want to fuck her?"

     "What do you think, daughter?"

     "I can't stop you, daddy."

     "I loved watching you getting whipped."

     "I'm glad you enjoyed it, daddy."

     "I'd like to do it myself."

     "I'm sure you can if you want to."

     "Would you like that?"

     "No, I wouldn't. But I don't have a choice."

     "I guess not."

     "Your daughter is my slave."

     "How nice for you."

     "Aren't you, little piggy?"

     "Yes."

     "Piggy?"

     "She's a pig. Isn't that right, Jo?"

     "Yes."

     "Yes what?"

     "I'm a pig." 

     "Say oink for your daddy."

     "Oink."

     "Again. Louder."

     "Oink."

     "Don't stop."

     "Oink. Oink. Oink. Oink. Oink. Oink. Oink."

     "You see?"

     "I could fuck her just like this."

     "That's right."

     "Standing up."

     "Painful for her."

     "Not painful enough."

     "Daddy..."

     "What do you want?"

     "Whip her while I fuck her."

     "Daddy...god..."

     "Okay with me."

     "I'm gonna do it to you, Jo."

     "I'm your daugher, daddy."

     "You're a pig."

     "Yes." 

     "You can't do a damn thing about it."

     "I know."

     "I'm gonna fuck you while you're being whipped."

     "Yes, daddy."

     "That gorgeous damn body is gonna squirm like hell."

     "Yes, daddy."

     "And I'm gonna be inside it."

     "Yes, daddy."

     "You sweet helpless hurting little whore."

     "Yes, daddy."

     "Take it."

     "Oh god...daddy..."

     "Whip her now."

     Philip did.

     The whip sang.

     Jo sang louder.

     Her body was spasming and twisting and squirming.

     Her daddy was moaning.

     It didn't take long.

     "Cut her down."

     Jo fell to the floor.

     Her daddy grabbed her hair and pulled her face into his 
crotch.

     Jo was crying and gasping and twitching.

     Her daddy's cock was in her open mouth.

     "Suck me hard, piggy daughter."

     She did.

     Then her daddy lay her flat on the floor on her whipped 
abraded back and flung himself on top of her and raped her for a 
long time as she screamed and screamed and screamed...

     Philip and I took over when daddy was done.

                      *

     "Did you ever suck a dog's cock?" I said.

     "No," Jo said. "Is that what you want to make me do next? 
Suck a dog's cock?"

     "I'm thinking about it."

     "I'll do it."

     "Of course you will."

     "You want me to fuck the dog too?"

     "I think the dog would like that."

     "I'll do that too."

     "I know you will, piggy."

     "I'll do anything you can think of."

     "That's a good little piggy."

     "You can degrade me all you want."

     "Yes, I know."

     "I don't care any more."

     "Yes you do. But you can't help it."

     "You make me an animal."

     "That's what you are."

     "Yes. That's what I am."

     "Say oink for me."

     "Oink."

     "Piggy."

     "Oink."

     "Little slut slave.'

     "Oink. Oink. Oink."

     "Pull your skirt up."

     "Why?"

     "I want to put out my cigarette on your thigh."

     "Oh."

     "Higher."

     "All right."

     "All the way up, piggy. I'm going to grind it out high up on 
the inside, where my body will rub against it when I fuck you."

     "All right."

     "Hold still."

     "I'm trying."

     "Now."

     "Unn. Nn. Nnnhhh. Sssss. Huuh. Hunh. Unnhhh."

     "Good girl."

     "Jesus."

     "Don't put your skirt down."

     "Oh god."

     "I want one on the other thigh."

     "Of course."

     "Must be symmetrical, you know."

     "Yes."

     "Ready?"

     "I'm..."

     "Say yes."
     "Yes."

     "Say please."

     "Please."

     "Tell me what you want me to do."

     "Please grind your cigarette out slowly high up on the 
inside of my thigh, so I will have two burns that your body can 
rub against when you fuck me."

     "All right, piggy."

     "HAAAUUUUUUGGGHHHHHHH."

     "Too loud, piggy."

     "I'm sorry."

     "Gag yourself."

     "All right."

     "With my cock."

     "All right."

     "And then I'll bring in the dog."

     "All right."

     "Nice and slow now, piggy. Good little cocksucking dog-
fucking whore. Keep it up, sweet little piggy slut bitch slave 
girl, make me come and swallow it all and then you can do it to 
the dog.

     "Sweet piggy."

                         *

     Jo was hanging upside down by her ankles and sucking her 
daddy's cock. Her arms were tied behind her, wrists to elbows, 
and her daddy was holding on to her hair and pulling her head 
tight against him so as to keep his cock in her mouth. Jo's daddy 
was standing with his pants around his ankles as his daughter was 
sucking him. She was choking and sputtering and had to try to 
breathe through her nostrils because her daddy would not let his 
cock slide all the way out of Jo's mouth. Jo didn't have any 
clothes on at all.

     "Damn, that's good," Jo's daddy said.

     I was standing on the other side of Jo, running my hands up 
and down her straining thighs. I had a cigarette in my hand. Jo's 
daddy had asked me to light it up. So far I hadn't used it, but 
Jo was not unaware of the fact that it was in my hand, and that I 
might use it at any time.

     "Damn damn damn," Jo's daddy said. "My little girl has one 
fantastic fucking mouth."

     "Your little girl's got great thighs too," I said.

     "You wanna stick that cigarette into them?"

     "Gmk," Jo said. "Nnggmmmk."

     "What's wrong, darlin'," her daddy said. "You don't want 
your pretty thighs kissed by that hot little thing?"

     "Ghhhmmm," Jo said.

     "Don't stop sucking, daughter. You don't stop sucking for 
anything, you got that?"

     "Hmmmm."

     "Right. Even if it hurts, okay, darlin'?"

     "Mmmmggg..."

     "And if you bite me, sugar, you will be one sorry little 
bitch."

     "Gggghhh..."

     "You got that, darlin'?"

     "Mmmnnn...."

     "Do it," Jo's daddy said.

     "Nnnngggg...."

     "Do it slow."

     "NNNNGGGGHHHHH...."

     "All right," I said.

     "NNNGGGGGNNNGGG...."

     I did it.

     Slow.

     Burning.

     Searing.

     Twisting.

     Gently.

     Slowly.

     Harder.

     Slowly.

     Twisting.

     Burning.

     Grinding.

     Slowly.

     Until it went out.

     And Jo was screaming around her daddy's cock.

     And she was bucking and writhing as she hung there.

     Jo's breasts were bouncing.

     And rolling.

     And her legs were spasming.

     And her body was jerking.

     But her daddy still held her hair.

     And his cock was still in her mouth.

     And Jo was sobbing and gagging.

     And her daddy came.

     Hard.

     In her mouth.

     Down her throat.

     Again and again.

     "Damn," he said. "Fucking damn shit yeah, baby darlin' slut 
daughter, swallow that stuff you fine little prick sucker."

     And Jo did.

     "Now you suck him and I'll burn the other thigh," Jo's daddy 
said.

                          *

     "Do it."

     "Must I?"

     "Yes."

     "Oh god."

     "Now."

     "He's fat."

     "So what?"

     "You bastard."

     "Jo."

     "I'm sorry."

     "What are you?"

     "A whore."

     "Whose whore?"

     "Your whore."

     "And what else?"

     "A pig."

     "A filthy pig."

     "Yes."

     "Say it."

     "A filthy pig."

     "Say it all."

     "I am a filthy pig."

     "Say oink."

     "Oink."

     "Louder."

     "Oink."

     "Now do it."

     "Excuse me."

     "What?"

     "Would...would you like to fuck me?"

     "What!"

     "Would you like to fuck me?"

     "What is this?"

     "You can if you want."

     "I can?"

     "Yes."

     "Why?"

     "I'm a slut."

     "What is this, a trick?"

     "No."

     "What is it?"

     "It's something I have to do."

     "Why?"

     "He told me to."

     "Who is he?"

     "My owner."

     "Who are you?"

     "Jo."

     "Do you want to fuck me?"

     "No."

     "Then why would you do it?"

     "He wants me to."

     "Are you his slave?"

     "Yes."

     "What?"

     "Yes. I am."

     "But...you're beautiful."

     "Thank you."

     "And sexy."

     "Thank you."

     "Anybody would want you."

     "Thank you."

     "You don't want to fuck me."

     "No."

     "But..."

     "But I will."

     "Right now?"

     "Right now."

     "Right here?"

     "Right here."

     "Why?"

     "I have to."

     "Okay."

     "Shall I undress?"

     "Yes."

     "All right."

     "Why are you crying?"

     "Because I'm degrading myself."

     "Oh."

     "I'm naked."

     "I can see that."

     "Do you want me to lie down?"

     "No."

     "What do you want?"

     "I want to fuck you in the ass."

     "Oh."

     "Can I?"

     "Yes."

     "Will you like that?"

     "No."

     "Will you hate it?"

     "Yes."

     "Will it hurt?"

     "Yes."

     "Will you scream?"

     "Probably."

     "Let's find out."

     "All right."

     "Ask me to fuck you in the ass."

     "Please fuck me in the ass."

     "I want to feel your tits first."

     "All right."

     "Great tits."

     "Ouch!"

     "Too tight?"

     "Yes."

     "Too bad."

     "Ohhh."

     "My cock is hard."

     "Yes."

     "I'd like it in your mouth."

     "All right."

     "Not now."

     "All right."

     "Now I want it in your ass."

     "All right."

     "Then you can lick it off and suck on it."

     "All right."

     "God, you'll just do anything, won't you?"

     "I can't help it."

     "I'm gonna rape your ass."

     "I know."

     "Scream for me."

     "GAAAUUUUGGGGNNNNOOOO....."

     "Sweet hurting squirming tight-assed pain girl cry scream 
fight..."

                         *

     "Piggy."

     "Oink."

     "Take it."

     "Oink."

     "Sweet whore."

     "Oink."

     "Kiss me."

     "Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.............."

     "Tell Brad what you are."

     "I am a crawling whore slave..."
