                       PIZZA MAN

                    by V.P. Viddler


     "I'm such a slut," Ginny said. "I'm such a ball-busting 
bitch. Discipline me, darling, please. Oh god, make me do 
something I don't want to do. Anything you want. Something dirty. 
Make me do filthy things for you, darling. I want to, please."

     "How filthy?" Bud said.

     "As filthy as you want. I want to crawl in the mud for you. 
Can you do it, darling? Can you make this snobbish bitch crawl?"

     Bud hit her in the stomach.

     "That should do it, I think."

     It did. Ginny was on the floor, gasping, sobbing, writhing. 
And soon crawling.

     "Is that what you want?" Bud said.

     "I--"

     "Kiss the floor," Bud said.

     Ginny did.

     "Lick it."

     Ginny did that too.

     "Bitch cunt twat cocksucker," Bud said.

     "Please--" Ginny said.

     "Please what?"

     "I--do you want me to strip for you, darling? Make me do it. 
Make me strip for you, strip naked. Make me show you my body. All 
of it. Force me to do it."

     "I don't want to see your body," Bud said.

     "Oh god. Oh Jesus. Darling. Make me give myself to you, make 
me kiss your body and lick your ass and suck your cock."

     "Filthy whore."

     "Yes. Yes, I'm a filthy whore. Christ, I'm a dirty filthy 
whore slut bitch and I should be tamed. Darling, whip me. Hang me 
up and whip me till I scream and beg you to stop."

     "You want to strip?"

     "Yes--"

     "All right. Fine. I'm going to order a pizza. You know that 
scrumpy fat sweaty guy who brings pizza?"

     "Bud--"

     "You can strip for him."

     "Bud, wait--"

     "And fuck him too," Bud said.

     "Bud, Christ, wait--I--I--I can't--"

     "What?"

     "I don't want to, I don't want to do that, not with him, 
please--"

     "Wait a minute, wait now, Ginny. Hold it now. Didn't you 
say, wasn't that you who just said I should make you do something 
you don't want to do?"

     "I--"

     "Wasn't it?"

     "Yes."

     "What?"

     "Yes."

     "I thought so. All right, that's just what I'm doing. You 
don't want to fuck that pizza guy, do you?"

     "I--no. Oh no."

     "But I'm going to make you do it, Ginny."

     "I--oh--Jesus--you're making me do it."

     "That's dirty enough, isn't it, Ginny? Is that filthy enough 
for you? Is it?"

     "I--yes. Oh yes. So dirty. You'll force me to do it with 
him."

     "That's right, Ginny. I'm forcing you to do it. To take your 
clothes off for him and show him your body--"

     "God, I--"

     "And fuck for him, any way he wants it."

     "I--I can't--I--"

     "And suck his cock."

     "Oh Bud, oh, I--"

     "And lick his ass out."

     "Ahh. Oh, darling. Oh Jesus, I--it's so filthy--don't make 
me--"

     "I'm making you. And you'll do it. Won't you, Ginny?"

     "I--I don't--I--"

     "Won't you, Ginny slut?"

     "Ahh. Yes. Yes. I will. Make me. Force me to do it. Yes. 
I'll do it. Oh Christ, yes, you'll make me do it and I will, yes, 
yes, yes--"

     "Why? Why will you do it, Ginny?"

     "Because you want me to. And because I'm a slut and a whore 
and a bitch. And you'll watch me, darling, won't you? You'll 
watch it all and you'll tell me what to do and I'll do it."

     "I'll have you crawling for him."

     "Oh. Ahh. So dirty."

     "Licking his body all over. Kissing his mouth, his stinking 
scummy mouth, putting your tongue inside it and licking his 
mouth, his gums, his teeth--"

     "Ahh ahh ahh god I can't it's so awful oh Christ don't yes 
darling--"

     "And taking your clothes off at the same time, showing him 
your breasts and asking him to touch them, play with your 
nipples, hurt them--"

     "Aunnnhhh--"

     "And pulling down your panties, pulling them off your legs, 
showing him your thighs, baring your cunt for him. Asking him, 
begging him to put his cock in it and fuck the shit out of you. 
And begging him to put that cock in your mouth so you can lick it 
and suck it and bring him off down your throat and swallow it 
all--"

     "Auunnnghh darling yes I'll do it I will I'll do it for you, 
watch me, watch me crawl for him, whip me while I fuck him, whip 
my body all over, make me scream, make me squirm against his 
filthy body, it's so degrading, grind my body into the dirt, 
debase me, hurt me, watch him hurt me, and piss on me, yes, 
please, please darling, let him piss on me, watch him pissing on 
me, and you too, both of you pissing on me, piss on my face, on 
my breasts, my body, my thighs, my cunt. Make me scream, dirty 
filthy bitch whore."


     But Bud had tied her hands behind her back, bound tightly, 
and Ginny couldn't do anything but stand and submit to the fat 
man's amazed stare, gazing avidly at her body as Bud said, "All 
right, Ginny. Strip for him."

     "I--I can't," Ginny said. "How can I with my hands--"

     "Ginny. I told you I'd make you show him your body. Didn't 
I?"

     "Bud--"

     "Show it to him, Ginny. All of it."

     "Christ," the man said softly.

     Ginny pulled up her skirt, baring her thighs, as the fat man 
gasped, struggling with bound hurting hands to pull down her 
clinging panties, failing.

     "I can't," Ginny said, crying. "Please, Bud, please."

     "Ask him," Bud said.

     "What?"

     "Ask him to do it for you. Ask him nicely."

     So horrid, that man, drooling at her, panting, sweating.

     "Ahh," Ginny said. "Ahh. Ahh." Walking to him slowly. 
Standing in front of him. "Please, sir," Ginny said, crying. 
"Please take my clothes off. Please. Strip me naked. Please."

     "Hit her," Bud said.

     "What?"

     "Hit her. Hard."

     "No," Ginny said. "No, wait." Stepping in against him now, 
body touching his, breasts against his chest, pushing into him. 
Squirming against him, hips brushing. Putting her mouth to his, 
lips touching his lips. "Please. Strip me. All of me. Please."

     "Hit her," Bud said.

     Stepping back, swinging softly at her face.

     "No," Bud said, "like this." And slapping her hard back and 
forth, Ginny crying out, stumbling back, hitting her in the pit 
of the stomach, again, again, Ginny falling to her knees, bowing, 
writhing, retching.

     "Crawl for him," Bud said.

     Ginny crawling, on her stomach, sobbing, twitching, pushing 
with her legs, thighs showing, gasping, crawling, licking the 
floor as Bud told her to. The fat man now naked, on the floor, 
his cock in front of her face, hard, dirty, throbbing. Pure 
degradation. Thrilling, horrible, humiliating, sickening, erotic.

     "Are you watching," Ginny said, lying with breasts crushed 
beneath her, hands bound, thighs bared, face in the rug. "Are you 
watching me, darling?"

     "Suck it and I'll whip you," Bud said.

     "Hard?" Ginny said.

     "Harder than you can stand it," Bud said.

     Moaning, Ginny put her mouth on the fat man's filthy cock. 
Slid her lips down around it, taking it in, all the way in, all 
of it, tasting dirt on her tongue, in her throat. Holding it as 
the fat man made sounds of astonished passion. Licking it slowly, 
bathing it with her tongue, waiting for the first blow. Bud's 
strap coming down, whistling, lashing across bare thighs, a 
pistol shot. Pain so hot, so awful. Holding her mouth wide so as 
not to bite him, Ginny screamed around the fat man's cock. Lips 
clasping him again right away, moaning, tears falling on fat 
flesh. Moaning as Bud struck again. Lightning bolts of pain 
across Ginny's naked twisting thighs. Slowly starting to suck 
now, sobbing, twisting.

     Again.

     "Nnnghh-hmphh," Ginny said. Meaning no more, meaning again, 
harder, meaning I can't stand this, meaning I love you, don't 
stop, don't stop.

     Slash, across her back. Right through blouse, bra, agony on 
her back. Slash, crack, again.

     "Mmmphh. Nnngghh. Aughhh." And still sucking. Until fat man, 
shouting, shot into her throat, and she was swallowing spurt 
after spurt, lashing him with her tongue to bring it all out, in 
rhythm now with Bud lashing her back, thighs, buttocks.

     Lying flat, face in the rug, crying, gasping, and Bud said, 
"Turn over."

     "No."

     "Do it."

     "Please."

     "Do it."

     And Ginny turning onto her back, hands beneath her, body 
arching slightly, panting hard. Bud with his strap.

     "You want it?"

     "No."

     "Say yes."

     "No."

     "All right."

     "Yes."

     "What?"

     "Yes. I want it."

     "Strip her," Bud said. "Rip it off."

     Fat man scrabbling at her blouse, ripping, baring, pulling 
her bra, hurting, ripping it off, Ginny's breasts bare, round, 
nipples pointing.

     "How many?" Bud said.

     "No," Ginny said.

     "Ginny."

     "I can't. I can't. All you want. Bud, you bastard, darling, 
all you want, kill me."

     "No," Bud said, "you have to fuck him afterwards."

     Crack! Right across her nipples.

     Ginny screaming.

     "Hold still," Bud said.

     "No, don't--"

     "Hold still."

     "Haugh."

     Crack!

     Tossing, twisting, kicking, filled with fathomless pain, and 
now fat man on top of her, probing, crushing.

     "Put him in."

     She put him in, curled her legs around him, and she was 
fucking him, arching, writhing, squirming, fucking hard, kissing 
him, him howling, and rolling over she saw Bud raise his strap 
and burst into awful agony and lust... 
