Copyright © 1998,  Taka Hike.      ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


"Playing Doctor"

by:  Taka Hike



The following is a TRUE story.  Not even details have been changed, which is
why no names have been mentioned.

When I was 10  I was staying for a week with one of my uncles.  He had three
children, two daughters ages 11 and 13 and a son age 6 (at the time).  The 11
year old girl was the one that started it.  One day her and I were playing
outside their house.  It was very hot. She had on a bikini and I wore swim
trunks.  She started giving me the classic line about "show me yours and I'll
show you mine", which I went along with mostly because it seemed to be more
fun than staring at the weeds, which was the only other thing happening.  We
hid in the garage and pulled off our swimsuits in front of each other.  After
staring for several minutes she asked if I wanted to touch her.  Then she said
she would touch me if I would touch her.  Her totally hairless pussy seemed
interesting and weird, but not really something I was that drawn to (although
I had a raging hardon that I couldn't explain).  She began touching me and to
this day I don't know who she learned from, but she knew what she was doing!
All too soon she stopped and told me it was my turn to touch her.  This
process repeated itself for the next couple of days as she kept wanting me to
touch her.  The week ended and I went back home.  When I returned the next
year she was just as interested as before, and less than 5 minutes after I'd
arrived at their house we were in her bedroom alone and naked.  I was showing
her something I'd learned by licking her when her older sister walked in on
us.  She started yelling for our parents, who luckily were a long way away.
They were sisters though, and managed to work out a deal before their mother
actually arrived.  I don't remember what the deal was exactly, but the older
sister's end of it was to say nothing and to leave us alone. 
We built a "fort" in one corner of their garage and for the next several days
we spent most of our time in there playing with each other - still not
fucking.  Not that we didn't try to fuck each other.  She was definitely into
it, but she was so tight that it hurt _me_!
After a couple of days of feeling each other up every way imaginable we
started thinking of what else we could do to make things interesting.  We
managed to get her older sister to join us by promising her she would like it
if she tried it.
Her sister had long black hair and what seemed like big tits, although one's
perspective changes with time.  They probably weren't bigger than 34-B.  I
really wanted to see what those tits looked like bare.  At first it seemed we
had found a new partner.  Her sister did like me sucking her tits, in fact she
was into it even more than me!   She seemed to back off anytime either one of
us wanted to take her pants off.  She didn't mind us touching her through her
pants, and she would sit in this "fort" topless, but that seemed to be her
limit.  We made some kind of deal with her that if she let me lick her and she
still didn't like it she could do something or another that she wanted to do
(I don't remember what it was).  I remember her having this look on her face
like she was going to the dentist.  She layed down on the cardboard mat we had
arranged and unbuttoned her pants at the waist.  I slid them off her and she
almost chickened out right then.  We told her that a deal was a deal, and
convinced her to go through with it.  She was so nervous and anxious to
declare she didn't like it that I wasn't enjoying it much myself.  I lowered
her pale yellow cotton bikini panties and was surprised at how dry she was
compared to her sister (who's misty dew would actually form droplets that ran
down her legs.)   I ignored the dryness and began gently licking her.  She
started getting weird and saying stuff about how we shouldn't be doing this
stuff and we ended up letting her go before she blabbed to the adults what had
been going on.  I was more disappointed because her older sister had tits and
I imagined she might have been old enough to fuck without hurting me.
The next morning I woke up with the older sister sitting next to me on the
sofa bed.  It was around 5 am and everyone else was still asleep.  I think she
wanted me to play around without her sister there, which hadn't occurred to me
before.  Without saying a word she opened her robe, leaned over and pressed
her nipple against my lips.  Naturally I sucked it and developed an instant
hardon.  A moment after she wrapped her hand around the tent in my pajamas we
heard footsteps.  She jumped up and we pretended to be talking about something
inane.  It was her father, but he didn't suspect a thing.  It was my last day
there for that year and the opportunity didn't repeat itself.  By the next
year they had moved even farther and their new house was small with fewer
places to hide.  I only had a couple of days there but my younger cousin had
scouted out a construction site before I'd gotten there.  It wasn't being used
because we were there on a holiday.  She took me there about 5 minutes after
we had arrived (like before).  They were building an apartment house, but none
of the doors had locks on them yet.  Being inside was like having our own
apartment!  My cousin had even found some carpet somewhere and put it in one
of the bedrooms.  We spent about an hour 69'ing each other and then headed
back before we were missed too much.  After dinner we headed back to our love
nest for dessert.  We didn't realize that my aunt (her mother) had followed us
ther.  By totally amazing luck this one time she "surprised" us we had all our
clothes on and were just talking about science!  My aunt never suspected
anything after that, and I overheard her telling my uncle how silly she had
been to think we had been "playing doctor".  Little did she know that we'd
been fucking each other by then!
Several years later when I was 18 my mother told me that this cousin had been
having "mental problems" according to her brother (my uncle).  I refused to
accept it because my cousin was an honor student and quite intelligent.
Finally my mother bluted out that she had been diagnosed as a nymphomaniac! 
I pretended not to believe it to keep her from putting 2 and 2 together, but
what I was thinking to myself, "Yeah, big news!"








--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....