     She cursed as the needle stuck her finger, then examined the
little red spot and licked it clean. She hated sewing, always had,
and no doubt always would. Her mother had given up trying to teach
her, and told her to tell Brad to sew his own crap.
     But she had only been married a few weeks now and was still
trying to play the perfect little wife. She wanted to do things
right. They were in a new home, which still smelled of fresh paint
and woodwork, and she was determined that everything stay perfect
as long as possible.
     She brushed a lock of curly blonde hair across her forehead,
then resumed her sewing. 
     She knew from the looks on his family's face when they saw her
that they'd thought she'd be a helpless bimbo, unable to change a
light bulb on her own, and was determined to prove them wrong, to
be as good at housework as she was at typing.
     She'd been Brad's secretary before he married her. Now he
wanted her to stay home, saying they didn't need the money.
     He was right, and she wasn't reluctant to abandon the nine to
five grind. It was nice having her days to herself, being able to
plan dinners and keep the house perfect.
     Also she was always able to accommodate him when he rolled
over in the night. 
     She shivered a little in pleasure as she thought of that, and
checked her watch. It was after four. Soon Brad would be heading
home. She finished the sewing quickly and got up. She made a quick
check to be sure dinner was on and everything was clean, then
hurried upstairs to take a shower.
     After a quick shower she brushed and dried her hair, then
padded naked out into the bedroom. 
     She had already set out what she would wear, a sheer blue
corset, matching G-string, stockings, and garter belt, and high
heels. She giggled now as she put them on. 
     The corset was a little tight and small, and her breasts
bulged out over the top. Brad had bought it for her and it was the
wrong size. It was a thirty eight C and she was a D. He hadn't
thought it would make that much difference. Men!
     Well, it looked good anyway. She looked sexy, and the way the
too tight corset made her breasts bulge out merely served to
accentuate her narrow waist and rounded hips.
     She pulled on a robe and headed downstairs to check the
dinner. 
     Just as she closed the oven door the phone rang. It was Brad,
saying he had to work late. She managed to keep the disappointment
out of her voice, though she had been so looking forward to
greeting him in just the lingerie and high heels.
     The front door rang and she went to answer it, gathering her
robe tight. She opened it a crack, keeping the chain on, and looked
out at a pleasant faced man. He was very big and broad shouldered,
his black skin gleaming in the sun.
     "Mrs. Andrews?"
     "Uhm, yes?"
     "I'm the plumber. You're husband called me to fix the
bathtub."
     "Oh?" He hadn't told her that, but then he probably forgot.
He'd been so busy catching up at work after they got back from
their honeymoon. And there were so many people coming in to deliver
or fix this or that.
     "Well, come on in," she said, feeling a little embarrassed
about being in a robe in the middle of the day.
     She brought him upstairs and showed him the main bathroom,
though she wasn't sure if it was that one Brad had called for.
There was another in the bathroom off their bedroom.
     She went into the bedroom to change, locking the door behind
her. She took off her robe, then went to the closet for a skirt and
blouse.
     A sound behind her made her jerk her head around. The black
man was standing in the open doorway, a big grin on his face. She
screamed and clutched her arms in front of her.
     "Well, no, here I was thinking you'd just woke up or
something, and you were really getting all ready for me."
     "I... I... Get out!" she demanded.
     "Come on, baby," he grinned, coming forward into the room,
backing her into the corner. "You wouldn't dress like that if you
didn't want it."
     "I didn't dress like this for you!" she exclaimed.
     "Uh huh. There's nothing wrong with the other bath tub and you
knew I'd come and check this one."
     "I didn't! Really I didn't! I locked the door!"
     "It wasn't locked, baby."
     "But... but I... I thought I did."
     "You are one fine lookin' woman," he grinned.
     "Please, please go away."
     His eyes ravished her body and she turned red in humiliation.
     He moved forward, gripping her wrists were they were crossed
in front of her, and lifting them, pushing them back against the
wall on either side of her as he pushed his chest into hers. She
looked up fearfully, panting for breath, her eyes and mouth wide.
     He bent and kissed her. She jerked her face away and he
crossed her wrists together above her head, holding them in one
hand as the other slid around her throat and under her jaw, holding
her mouth in place as his came down on it again.
     "No! No!" she gasped.
     "You don't have to play hard to get, baby," he grinned,
mashing his lips down on hers. His tongue slid into her mouth and
she moaned in rejection, trying helplessly to move her head or
arms.
     He pulled his head back, and looked her up and down, licking
his lips in appreciation.
     "Let me go! Leave me alone!" she yelled, trying to sound firm.
     "Get off it, baby. You know you want it," he sniffed.
     "But I don't!" she wailed.
     His free hand slid under her left breast and cupped it,
squeezing lightly, working the heavy mammary around in slow
circles. She gasped and tried again to pull free. He slipped his
fingers into the cup, shoving it down a little, pulling her breast
up so the nipple was in the clear.
     He bent and tongued it, licking his long fat pink tongue
across it, then taking it into his mouth and suckling.
     "Stop! Stop!" she begged.
     He ignored her, sucking heavily at her nipple, drawing the
flesh into his mouth and rubbing his lips over it, gnawing lightly
on the nipple, pinching it and drawing it out from the breast,
stretching it as he sucked.
     He slid his tongue up and down across the nipple, cupping it
firmly from underneath. His hand let it go after several long
seconds, sliding down her body, down her slim, flat belly and over
her G-string. She tried to close her legs but his powerful hand
forced her thighs apart and slid under her pubic mound, cupping it
and squeezing upwards.
     "No! Nooooo!" she moaned.
     His fingers rubbed at her pussy as he continued to lick and
suck patiently at her nipple She had no choice but to stand there,
nearly motionless, letting him do as he pleased to her.
     He deftly undid the front of her corset, opening it down the
middle and pulling it off. Her big round, firm breasts stuck out in
his face and he paused a moment to admire them. 
     Cindy realized that he'd let go of her wrists, but they were
still up against the wall above her head. She brought them down and
covered her boobs but he growled, grabbing them and shoving them
back hard against the wall.
"Don't play cock tease with me, bitch!" he snarled. 
     Frightened, she kept her wrists above her head as he began to
slurp and suck on her breasts again, squeezing both with his big
hands. He slid lower, down onto his knees, sliding his tongue down
her belly.
     His fingers slid into the waistband of her G-string and tugged
it slowly down. Cindy groaned in humiliation as it slipped down
over her golden curls and bared her bush and slit. He chuckled in
pleasure, pulling the G-string to the floor, tapping her foot until
she stepped out of it.
     His hands rubbed up and down her thighs, pushing them further
open, forcing her to spread her legs for him. Ashamed, she did,
looking up at the roof, unable to watch as he stared into her
crotch.
     She gasped and looked down suddenly as his tongue licked along
her slit. She stared in bug eyed shock as he slowly peeled her
pussy lips open with his thumbs and began to lap at her cunt. 
     His tongue rode across the pink flesh, his saliva making it
glisten and shine. Brad had never eaten her out and neither had her
few previous dates. She'd stayed a virgin until her twenty first
birthday and been screwed only twice before marrying two years
later.
     His nose ground over her clitty as he shoved his tongue deep
into her snatch. She gasped as a wave of pleasure poured into her
loins. At fist she couldn't believe it. But as he continued to suck
and slurp and lick on her pussy the feeling grew until she could no
longer deny them.
     She fought them down, her mind in a daze at how and why her
body was responding to this awful man. She was married! And she
didn't know this man, didn't even know his name! What was
happening? What was her body doing?
     She clenched her teeth, sweating as she tried desperately to
hold off the pleasure that was surging through her veins. Her body
was hot with lust, her breasts beginning to swell, her nipples to
harden. She was bewildered and helpless before the sexual
onslaught.
     She gasped as she was pierced, and looked down to see the
man's finger disappear into her tight pussy. He ground his knuckle
against her pussy lips, then began pumping the thick digit inside
her as he pulled her clitty between his lips and sucked furiously.
     She groaned aloud, then turned a deep red in humiliation as
the man chuckled. He shoved his face into her crotch, his hands
gripping her buttocks now, squeezing them, his fingers kneading the
hot, firm flesh as his mouth sucked on her gash. He opened his
mouth wide and closed it over her entire pussy mound, then locked
his lips tight and sucked for all he was worth.
     Cindy felt her legs go rubbery and felt a blast of hot sexual
energy blow through her belly. Her mouth opened and closed
helplessly and her eyes fluttered as her body was enveloped in a
powerful sexual haze. Her skin sparkled with electricity and her
nipples hardened like rocks, threatening to split apart.
     "Noooo! Nooooo!" she moaned.
     Then he was standing again, beside her. His teeth gleamed
white as he grinned down at the trembling woman.
     "Want it baby, want it?" he grinned.
     His right hand slid down between her legs and two fingers
thrust up inside her. She gasped, helpless to prevent her groin
from jerking forward onto his fingers.
     "Oh God! Oh my God!" she groaned.
     He grabbed her hair, pulling her head up and back, forcing her
back to arch as he kissed her mouth again. His fingers pumped
furiously in her slit, slashing across her engorged clitoris as she
humped against them. She grunted and moaned and sobbed in despair
as her body began to blast into a powerful orgasmic storm.
     She humped like a cheap whore, her ass grinding and slapping
against the wall as she drove herself down on his pumping fingers.
Her tongue began to slip back and forth against his as he locked
his lips against hers.
     She came, her head exploding like a star busting. She cried
out, then grunted repeatedly, humping wildly against his hand as he
jammed his fingers up her snatch and ground his thumb against her
clitty. Her body flashed into a massive orgasmic storm of
sensations, her groin blasting out like a volcano as she grunted in
bliss.
     She was still dazed from the orgasm, and was insensible as he
dragged her to the bed and pushed her down on it on all fours. He
stood beside the bed, pulling her knees up to the edge, then pulled
out his thick black cock and thrust it into her to the hilt.
     She cried out again, her mind a whirling cyclone of confusion
as her eyes slowly began to clear. He held her hips and fucked
rapidly, using the full length of his long, thick cock, riding her
like a bitch in heat as she whimpered and moaned in helpless
confusion.
     Her mind slowly settled, and she knew shame at what she had
done. Tears filled her eyes as she knelt there and took thrust
after thrust. Her body jerked back and forth as he increased the
force of his strokes, and his hips smashed painfully into her
buttocks.
     She knelt in misery, feeling like a slut. Her heavy breasts
swung back and forth beneath her in time to the black man's
strokes. Then his hands came under her and gripped them, squeezing
and kneading the tender flesh.
     She groaned, as her tits were crushed, and felt her chest fill
with heat, as though her big bags of meat were water balloons and
he had forced all the liquid back into her body.
     But it was heat that was forced into her, heat and pleasure,
for she felt her body rising again, reigniting, climbing back into
the sexual vortex she had only minutes before dropped out of. She
did not bother to fight it, too disgusted in herself to care.    
     Her ass moved of its own volition, pumping back instinctively
against the big rod slicing between her pussy lips. Her breathing
quickened. Her blood raced. Her heart pounded. Her head throbbed.
She groaned weakly, her upper body sagging down until her face and
shoulders were buried in the sheets.
     The big cock continued to pound into her from behind, and her
body blew higher and higher, like a leaf on a rising wind, flying
helplessly, tossed here and there with no control.
     He pulled out of her suddenly, then jumped onto the bed,
rolling onto his back. She raised her weary head, both disappointed
and relieved momentarily.
     "Come and get it, whore," he said. The words seared her.
He held his cock upright and she stared in shock and wonder at the
length and thickness of it, trying to imagine how she had gotten
something so large inside herself.
     "Come on, baby. Come and take it."
     As if in a dream she crawled forward, until she could take the
long thick slab of meat in her hands. She squeezed it and stared in
amazement. It was gleaming wet from her juices and she longed to
have it back inside her. 
     Unable to control herself she crawled forward, straddling him,
kneeling above his groin and holding the thick cock upright. She
sat down until she felt it nudging her pussy, then, halted, as if
trying for the last time to control herself.
     Then she looked down into his sneering face, gave a whimper of
despair, and slowly sank down onto the big tool.
     The whimper turned to a groan as it bloated out her cunt tube
and slid up into her belly. Her eyes got wider and her breathing
became more ragged as she took more and more of it inside herself. 
     She came, arching her back and dropping the final few inches
down onto him. His cock speared her and she screamed again, bowing
back. He seized her hips, keeping her from falling, pumping his
hips as he jerked her up and down.
     Cindy leaned forward, her hands going flat on his chest. Her
eyes were dilated and her mouth wide. She shuddered violently, then
began to grind herself against him, her ass rubbing against his
black flesh as she wined in sexual heat.
     The orgasm rode over her, but this time left her in a sexual
heat. She continued to grind herself against him, until she
regained some strength, then began to hump up and down, bouncing on
his lap, riding the full length of his horse as she squealed in
delight.
     She felt it spurting inside herself, moaning in denial, for it
meant both the final betrayal of her husband and the end of the
delicious fucking.
     But she was wrong on at least one count. He stayed hard. She
continued to ride up and down, waiting for him to get soft, hoping
against hope she could come off for a final time before it
happened.
     He rolled over on top of her, then continued to fuck, throwing
his hips into her, ramming his cock down her fuck pipe with
powerful strokes. She grunted again, and moaned in delight. She
came again, then yet again, then again, riding each high into the
swirling mists of sexual bliss, falling back, only to catch the
next wave upwards.
     She didn't know how many times she came, for her mind was torn
asunder by the blistering, raging whirlwinds of sexual ecstasy, and
after a final gut wrenching, mind blowing orgasmic explosion, she
lost consciousness entirely, waking some time later to find herself
alone, sperm drooling from her gaping cunt maw.
