                   PRELUDE TO INCEST

                    by V.P. Viddler


     "You always had a thing for me, didn't you, Sam? You always 
wondered just what it would be like to fuck your little sister, 
didn't you?"

     "Not so little now, Jill."

     "No. Not so little now. Thirty-two, actually. But still not 
bad looking, am I, Sam?"

     "Damn good. And you know it."

     "Thank you. Not bad at all, I think. And you always liked 
this body, right, Sam? From when we were kids. You always wanted 
it. Didn't you?"

     "Jill, you know I did. And you know I still do. So what?"

     "But that would be incest, wouldn't it, Sam?"

     "It sure would. And I wouldn't give a shit."

     "What a vulgarian you are, Sam."

     "Sit down, Jill. Why are you flaunting that body at me? 
Okay, it's sexy, it's gorgeous, it's damn mouth-watering."

     "Not too skinny, Sam?"

     "Not for me. You're slim all right, but I like that. It's 
sexy, particularly with those good high round bouncy breasts 
pushing that blouse out. And your legs. I love your legs. So damn 
long. And curvy, my god! And fabulous. Thighs that drive a guy 
crazy, soft and full and--and calves, shapely, flexible, molded, 
intricate--And your hips. God."

     "Are you hard, Sam? Is your cock all stiff? Do you want to 
put it inside me? Do you want to fuck my naked body? And feel my 
legs around your waist? And squeeze my breasts and kiss me and 
have my tongue in your mouth? Do you want to make me pant and 
gasp and moan? And squirm and twist and kick? Do you want to hear 
me scream in orgasm, Sam? How many times have you thought about 
that?"

     "A hell of a lot, Jill. All of that. And that's not all."

     "What else do you think about, Sam? About my mouth?"

     "Yes. That's right. About your fine sensuous mouth. About 
you wrapping those soft full lips around my cock and sucking on 
it like a lollipop. About your tongue licking it, slowly, all 
over. For hours. About your fine dark hair moving, brushing my 
crotch as your head bobs, slowly, up and down, up and down, until 
I can't stand it any more and I shoot my gism down your throat--"
     
     "And I swallow it, don't I, Sam? In your imagination. I 
swallow it all down, and suck for more. Is tht right?"

     "Yes."

     "And what else? Do you think about hurting me, Sam? Hurting 
me and making me suffer for all those years of frustration? Do 
you think about making me scream with pain as well as pleasure?"

     "Sometimes I do, Jill."

     "Do you want to do it, Sam? Do you want me to strip for you? 
Do you want to watch me as I take off my clothes, look at me 
naked, and then take me? Do you think it's time now? I will, Sam. 
If you say so. All you have to do is say it. I'll strip for you. 
I'll give you my body. I'll wrap my legs around you and fuck for 
you. And I'll give you my mouth. As long as you want. And my lips 
and tongue and throat. And if you want to hurt me, Sam--if you 
want to make me scream for you--I won't stop you. You can do 
anything to me. I'll crawl for you, Sam. I'll crawl on my hands 
and knees. I'm yours. And Sam, if you get tired of me, if you 
want something more, you can give me to your friends. If you want 
it I'll do it all for them too. For anybody you want. Say the 
word, Sam. This body is yours. This woman is your slave. Incest, 
Sam. I am your sister. Shall I strip, Sam?"

     "Did you fuck Father?"

     "Did I? Make me tell you, Sam."

     "I will."...
