Archive-name: School/princpal.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: In the Principal's Office


     Your mind drifts back to when you were 16 years old and
still in high school.  You were well developed for your age.
Your pretty athletic figure coupled with your large firm breasts
made you one of the most attractive girls in your school.  On
this day in particular, you remember being in school on a cool
fall day...
You are having a lot of trouble staying awake in your math class
because of the night before.  Last night you ended up going out
with a few of your more rambunctious friends.  You got a little
drunk and before the night was over, you had used some spray
paint on the school wall in the courtyard.  Today you're feeling
a little guilty.  It's not like you to be so naughty.  Usually
you're such a good girl.  Hopefully, you think, this will all
just fade away as a bad memory.  "Sharon!", you hear, "Are you
asleep?"  The sound breaks you out of your daydream.  Your math
teacher is looking at you intently.  "I called your name twice!".
"No sir.", you reply quietly embarrassed, "I'm sorry.  I'll try
to be more attentive."  "Good", says Mr. Galbrith, "Well, you can
be more attentive down at the principal's office because I just
got a note that he wants to see you."  Your heart leaps to your
throat as feel a wave of panic wash over you.  Your hands are
trembling as you gather your books and head down the corridor
towards the office.  You go to the principal's office where his
secretary instructs you to sit down on the bench to wait.  You
sit down on the hard wooden bench and wait quietly.  Your mind is
racing.  You are sure that the principal knows what you did last
night!  You have never really been in trouble before and you feel
close to tears as you think about what will happen if your
parents find out.  Your palms are moist as you sit passively,
waiting.  "You can go in now Sharon.", says the secretary.  "You
get to your feet, nervously open the door to the principal's
office and enter.  The door closes behind you.  Mr. Bolden is
sitting behind his desk.  You put your books down and stand in
front of his desk and wait for him to say something.  He doesn't
say anything for a moment but he looks upset.  Finally he looks
right at you, "Well?", he says in a load stern voice, "What do
you think are done with vandals in this school."  You hang your
head in shame as a blush hits your face.  You don't know what to
answer but he answers for you.  "I'll tell you!", he shouts, "We
call the police and we let them handle it!"  You are sniffling
now, close to tears.  He continues to yell at you.  Finally, he
pushes his chair back from his desk.  You think that he will be
standing up but he doesn't.  "You have been a very bad girl
Sharon.", he says in a low stern voice, "Come here."  With your
head still bowed, you walk slowly around his desk to stand before
him.  "Lie over my lap young lady.  You're going to be punished."
Your head shoots up to look at him, your eyes wide as saucers in
disbelief.  Surely he can't mean that he would spank you just
like a little girl!  You shake your head almost automatically as
you say no.  His large hands shoot out to grab your wrists and
before you can even think about it, you are lying across his
broad lap with you head facing the floor only a foot away.  One
of his large hands is holding you firmly at the small of your
back and you feel the other start to lift your navy blue skirt up
to your waist.  You begin to struggle frantically, trying to
avoid the humiliating punishment.  "STOP IT!", he shouts in a
loud commanding voice.  Despite yourself, you are still.  You
reach forward with your hands to steady yourself against the
floor and then you lie passively awaiting whatever he will do to
you.  You have it coming, you think as your skirt is carefully
tucked into your waistband thus exposing your white cotton
panties to his gaze.  A moment later, his hand begins pulling the
panties down your legs.  He stops when they have reached your
knees.  You close your eyes, mortified that this strange,
powerful man has exposed you totally while you remain helpless in
his control.  His hand now cups your exposed bottom and you feel
it gently caress you.  You turn beet red, not knowing what will
come next.  His broad, strong hand now begins to smack your
bottom.  At first, the strokes are very light, almost a feather
touch, but gradually he begins hitting harder.  Your breathing
quickens.  You can't believe that you, a sixteen year old girl
are actually receiving a bare-bottomed spanking at the hand of
your principal.  His strokes are quite heavy now and you feel the
stinging heat of the spanking travel through you.  Each smack
causes you to gasp and the strokes are both painful and oddly
exciting.  In another moment the combination of the humiliation
and the pain in your tender bottom is too much and you start
crying.  A couple of very hard smacks later and he stops.  You
get to your feet and pull up your panties as quickly as you can
manage.  "Oh no you don't young lady. You've been a bad girl and
you're not leaving so fast.  Go over into that corner and stand
there facing it.", says Mr. Galbrith.  You hesitate for a minute,
desperately wanting to pull down your skirt to cover your little
girl panties.  "Right now Sharon!", he says.  You blush as you
walk over to the corner to stand facing it passively.  "Now get
those panties down.", says the principal.  You close your eyes at
the humiliation, knowing that you are powerless to disobey him.
Very slowly, you start to pull down your panties while you look
at the wall.  Your hot red buttocks come into view and you stop.
"All the way off.", says Mr. Galbrith menacingly and you hook
your thumbs into the flimsy undergarment to follow his
instructions.  He picks the panties up off the floor to put them
on his desk.  You are now standing facing the corner of the room
with no panties on and your skirt tucked into the waistband thus
exposing your well punished bottom completely.  You have never
been so embarrassed and the silent tears roll down your cheeks.
He leaves you there for perhaps ten minutes.  It seems like ten
hours with every second an eternity of wondering if someone will
come into the office to see you naked as you are.  Finally, he
tells you to turn around and to lower your skirt.  You do so
gratefully.  The tears are over now but you feel the heat of the
spanking coursing right through your body.  "I don't want to ever
hear about you getting in trouble again.", he says, "I'm not
going to tell your parents about this time but if I ever find you
in here again, you will be very sorry.  Now get out of here."
You grab your books and leave the office.  The secretary smiles
at you knowingly and you blush yet again at the humiliation of
her knowing.  You are walking slowly down the corridor back to
class when you realize to your horror that your panties are still
back in the principal's office.  You know that you will not go
back there to ask so, reluctantly, you continue on back to your
next class very conscious of your naked body beneath your skirt.
The rest of the day passes in a sort of haze as the vivid memory
of the spanking keeps running through your mind.  You are both
troubled and strangely excited by what has happened.  Sitting
down, you feel the heat from your buttocks spreading out through
your whole body.  You are sure that everyone knows and that every
boy is looking at you knowing that you have no panties on.  Your
breasts are in a continual state of arousal and you go to the
bathroom to remove your bra.  Your nipples are erect and you look
in the mirror to see how they poke out of the fabric.  By the end
of the day your pussy is soaking wet and you are more turned on
than you have ever been in your life.  As soon as classes are
over you go to the gym to find your boyfriend Robert.  Robert is
shooting baskets in the gym all by himself.  You and Robert
haven't made love yet, you have been saving yourself for a
special occasion.  Tonight might be the night, you think to
yourself as you run your hands over your overexcited body.  You
have been on the pill for a couple of months and tonight it may
come in useful.  Robert sees you right away and runs over.  "Are
you the only one here?", you ask sexily.  Robert looks at you
curiously, "Yeah,", he says, "At least for the moment."  You look
around nervously.  If he doesn't touch you right now, you are
going to scream.  You reach over and grab his head your tongue
snakes into his mouth as you give him a strong, sexy kiss.
"Mmmmm", he murmurs.  You feel his bulge spring up in his shorts.
You reach down to squeeze it.  His eyes open wide at the touch.
You have never been so aggressive.  You take his hand and pull it
up under your skirt and right onto your naked, soaking pussy.
"Wow!", he gasps as he touches you for the first time ever.  You
take his hand and drag him into the boys locker room.  "Sharon!
What are you doing.", he exclaims  You take a quick look around
to make sure you are the only ones there.  You reach down and
with one smooth motion, pull off your sweater to expose your
naked breasts.  Your nipples are already hard.  In fact, your
entire body is in heat.  You pull his shorts and underwear to his
ankles in one yank and immediately wrap your mouth around his
erect organ.  He throws his head back and moans out loud as your
tongue runs up and down his cock.  You slide it deep into your
throat and enjoy the feeling of his flesh pulsing inside of you.
You push him back onto a bench so he is lying on his back and you
sit astride him facing backwards.  You feel his hands lift your
skirt and begin to stroke your hot buttocks.  It takes only a
minute before his tongue is running the length of your wet slit.
The sensation is unique and you redouble your efforts at sucking
him.  Just as you are about to come you get up.  You turn around
facing him and lower your body so that his throbbing cock is
barely touching your pussy.  You wait for a moment experiencing
the delicious anticipation.  This will be it, you think to
yourself as you slide down slowly, an inch at a time, feeling his
hardness fill you completely.  When you are completely impaled
you pause for a moment savoring the sensation.  Your bottom,
still burning from the spanking you received earlier is pressing
down against his body.  Now you begin to raise and lower your
body in an ever increasing rhythm, bouncing up and down.  His
large, strong hands find your breasts and begin pulling at your
long brown nipples.  The sensation drives your passion to the
boiling point and you cry out as your body tightens in what is
the most luscious sensation you have ever experienced.  You feel
Robert's body stiffen as his come shoots deep into you in spasm
after spasm.  You lean down to rest your head on his hairy chest
basking in the warm afterglow of your first love making.

--
